which is best laptop to buy under 30k?	which is the best laptop to buy under 30k in india?	1
what is the best decision you made in your life?	what has been the best decision of your life, personally or professionally?	1
what should be an ideal time table for me as an engineering student?	what should be the time table of an engineering student?	1
can we expect time travel to become a reality?	is time travel to 2010 possible?	1
what is india's relationship with bangladesh?	what is bangladesh's relationship with india?	1
can you offer me any advice on how to lose weight?	what are the best was to lose weight?	1
what are the career options after a b. tech in biotechnology?	what are the best career options after completing b.tech in biotechnology?	1
in the us, is it legal to drive while pointing a gun out the window?	in the us, is it legal for anyone to drive while pointing a gun out the window?	1
how can i get into internet security?	how can i get started to learn information security?	1
what are sneaky signs of a cheating spouse?	what are the signs of a cheating spouse?	1
what are the most interesting books you should read in your life?	what is the best book you have ever read in your life?	1
why does donald trump think the debate schedule favors hillary?	why is donald trump saying the debate schedule is unfair? is it because his support base would rather watch the nfl than his debate?	1
what is the best place for sex?	where is the best place for sex?	1
why do athletes bite medals when they finish on the podium?	why do athletes bite their medals?	1
what is your opinion about love?	in your opinion, what is love?	1
how can i improve fluency in english?	what are some ways to improve english?	1
how should i start to learn c language?	how do we start preparing c language?	1
how does one become rich in 2015?	rich people of quora, what should i do to become rich?	1
how do you stop german shepherd/husky puppies from biting your stuff?	how do i stop my chihuahua from biting my shoes?	1
i have an iq of 147 and i get easily bored. what can i do to prevent this?	i have a high iq, and i get easily bored. what should i do?	1
how do i start-up a restaurant?	how can i start up a restaurant?	1
how can i get over any failure?	how do i get over a major failure?	1
how do you unlock an ipad?	what is the apple id password for an ipad?	1
why are people so stupid?	why are some people so stupid?	1
what is the best puppy food?	what is the best quality affordable rottweiler puppies food?	1
which operating system do most programmers use?	what operating system do most software engineers use?	1
what are my chances/ how can i improve my chances of getting into an ivy league or uc school?	what can i do to improve my chances of getting into an ivy league?	1
how do i improve my writing skills?	how do i continue to improve my writing?	1
how can i get a job on quora?	how can i get hired by quora? how can i get an interview?	1
what's your biggest regret during your past years?	what’s your biggest regret that you have in your life so far?	1
how does one know if one is under surveillance?	how would you know when you are under surveillance?	1
is there some painless way to suicide?	what's the absolute easiest way to commit suicide?	1
how can i prevent acne?	how do we prevent acne?	1
how do i hack a whatsapp account without having access to victim phone?	my whatsapp has been hacked by someone. how can she or he do it without getting my phone?	1
what are some ways to change your netflix password?	how do you change your netflix password and email?	1
why did hillary clinton think it was necessary to use a private server to conduct her personal and government communications?	why did hillary clinton use a private server in the first place?	1
what are the requirements of rebar detailing in uk?	what are the requirements for rebar detailing in uk?	1
what's the sole purpose of life?	what is the grand purpose of life?	1
what is the best song you've ever heard?	what are the best all-around song recordings of all time?	1
why is the seven years war not considered a world war?	why isn't the seven years' war considered the first world war?	1
what is the worst food you ever cooked or ate?	what is the grossest food you ever ate?	1
how can one get a job in uno?	how do i get the job in uno?	1
how easy is hacking and what's it like?	what are some easy hacking methods?	1
how can you make money from quora?	how do i make money through quora?	1
what day in your life did you consider to be the best day ever?	can you share best day of your life?	1
how can i see who my boyfriend views on instagram?	can someone see if you have viewed public instagram?	1
how are we enabled to see the black colour?	how can we see black colour?	1
what is the most effective way to study maths in high school?	whats the most effective way to study for maths in high school?	1
what is the best way to learn networking?	what is the best way to learn how networks work?	1
how do i become more strategic?	how does one become more strategic?	1
why does quora mark my questions as needing improvement?	my questions are fine. why does quora keep saying they need improvement? it's frustrating.	1
how is replacing 1000 rs notes with 2000 rs notes going to make black money hoarding a lot harder?	how introducing 2000 rs notes which is of higher denomination than the current highest denomination 1000 rs notes will reduce the black money?	1
what is your new year resolution, short term and long term goal for 2017?	what is your resolution for this year 2017?	1
how can i delete my quora account in one minute?	how can i delete my account on quora after it has been deactivated?	1
"why was my question marked as ""needs improvement?"""	"what should i do if quora marks my question as ""needs improvement""?"	1
how can i know if someone has blocked me on whatsapp?	how do i know if i'm blocked on whatsapp?	1
how can you learn the art of asking good questions?	how does one master the art of asking the right questions?	1
what is it that really matters the most in our life?	what matters most in life?	1
can we do mba after mtech?	should i do an mba after an mtech?	1
what do computer science engineers learn beyond programming?	what do computer science engineers learn more than programming?	1
which is best gaming laptop under 60000?	which is the best gaming laptop in 60000 rs?	1
what are some attention grabbers for a speech on global warming?	how do i write a short speech about global warming?	1
what would you think of a presidential pardon by president obama of hillary clinton?	what would be the fallout from pres. obama's pardon of hillary clinton?	1
what is the best time for studying? why?	which is the best time for studying?	1
what can i do to get a chiseled jawline?	how can i have a more defined jawline?	1
why is iphone so expensive?	why is the iphone 6 so expensive?	1
why does it seem like early polls were so inaccurate in terms of actual 2016 presidential election results?	why were the prediction polls in the u.s. presidential election so wrong?	1
can anyone tell shall mi mix mobile should be purchased or not?	"what did voltaire mean when he said, ""god is a comedian playing to an audience that is too afraid to laugh""?"	0
what is the next number of this sequence? 5…..17……37…..89…..??	what is the next number in the sequence?	0
how do i increase sperms in my body?	does the quantity of blood in our body increase as we grow?	0
who is your favorite prison break character?	who is the best looking actor in prison break?	0
what makes axl rose's voice unique?	is axl rose gay?	0
two trained 6ft fighters . one 170 pounds and the other 200 pounds . will the heavier fighter come out on top? why?	write a c program to read a line and print it reverse using recursive function?	0
"how can i download the following book""""microprocessors & interfacing: programming & hardware, douglas v. hall, tata mcgraw hill""?"	how do i download cbsc books?	0
what is the property tax rate in granville, ohio? how is it compared to the one of massachusetts?	what is the property tax rate in granville, ohio? how is it compared to the one of california?	0
is elementary os overrated (in any way)?	what are the pros and cons ubuntu and elementary os?	0
how successful was the delhi's odd-even plan?	"would the ""odd even""policy of delhi govt. efficiently work in india?"	0
what is the mechanism of letter of credit?	how do i get a loan with a letter of credit from another bank?	0
what language was paypal written in?	what language is xobni written in?	0
what is the relevance of legal reasoning in the legal process and court decisions?	hello from russia. how do you feel about russian? i have friends from the us, but i understand that they not objective in this question? thank you	0
what are some things that a teenager needs to know about life?	what things should teenagers know before going into adulthood?	0
which is your favorite indian (girl/boy) name? why?	how can malcolm glazer be supported by the manchester united's fan?	0
what is a implosive orgasm?	can a man has an implosive orgasm?	0
should i learn both web development and web design?	should i become a web developer (php wordpress)?	0
what is the advantage of demonetization of indian currency?	is modi’s decision of demonetization of currency a bad decision and proving to be a disaster for the indians and indian economy?	0
why is the government taking defence steps as political propaganda?	how are in-house design teams structured?	0
i cheated on my wife would she cheat on me?	i think my wife is cheating on me. what do i do?	0
would an external usb 3.0 cd/dvd drive be faster than an external usb 2.0 cd/dvd drive?	does a usb 3.0 port charge devices faster than a usb 2.0 when used with the same cable?	0
how do i manage money in manipal?	what are some good ways of managing your money?	0
how many characters or people are mentioned in the bible?	why is mary not mentioned much in the bible?	0
what kind of animal (fox) is this?	what kinds of animals do foxes eat?	0
how do element atoms bond to form a compound mloecules?	how do atoms join together to form molecules?	0
which raw materials are needed for photosynthesis?	is raw material a direct material or factory overhead?	0
why are there not liens on all of trump's holdings, with all of the contractors he's stiffed?	what science is behind the regenx ad cream?	0
where can i watch dragon ball z episodes english dubbed?	where can i watch dragon ball z in spanish with english subtitles?	0
business degree from wgu?	some friends i snap with tell me that my snap dissapears when they open it, the weird thing is that my time is set on 10sec. can someone help me?	0
what is a 3 parent child?	what should a parent do if their child is in a fight?	0
how many division 1 ncaa basketball teams are there?	which team seeded 9+ is most likely to make it to the sweet 16 in the 2015 ncaa men's basketball tournament? why?	0
what happens if a firefighter truck runs someone over?	what is stopping someone interested in starting a food truck?	0
what are the chances that sony will last into the 2030s-2040s?	what are the chances that ibm will last into the 2030s/2040s?	0
could you give me some advice?	can you give me some advice to be smart?	0
people are saying that games now can be played on-the-go with the nintendo switch. hasn't this already happened with the wii u?	why are there not a lot of the super nintendo enix games on wii u?	0
when is f1 visa rejected?	my us f1 visa was rejected, now i am planning to study in canada. my parents are willing to submit the full tuition and living. will i get the visa?	0
what is the corporate culture like at owens corning? how is the culture different than other companies?	what is the corporate culture like at corning? how is the culture different than other companies?	0
how did president kennedy get away with the nepotism of appointing his brother robert to the attorney general post?	"was john f. kennedy a ""liberal"" president?"	0
why is thailand's total fertility rate so low (1.4)?	why are employment rates in thailand so low?	0
how do i contact a mobile tower installation company on my plot or building in agra?	what should i do to get cellular companies to install a mobile tower on my plot of land in india?	0
is india facing more stessful times and politically charged atmosphere when compared to congress regime?	how do i remove arm hair naturally?	0
is there any science-backed criticism on jonathan haidt's moral foundations theory?	does one have a moral right to take knowledge that you have ingested and put it back out?	0
what is a good introductory video on computational neuroscience?	frustrated corporate last day mails?	0
what are some unique business ideas?	what are some unique business ideas in pakistan?	0
who are the highest paid employees at walmart?	who's the highest paid employee in the world?	0
what is the difference between couchdb and couchbase?	how do i monitor couchdb with monit on ubuntu?	0
why can salt be bad for you?	is chili bad for your health?	0
how can i transfer files from my phone to pc without using a usb cable?	how do i share a smart phone's wifi with a pc using a usb cable?	0
what is the story behind chanakya's death?	what is the mystery of chanakya's death?	0
what are some funny economics quotes?	what would be a hack-centered quote/mantra that citizen activists working to minimize economic inequality should follow?	0
what is positive displacement pump and non positive displacement pump?	what is a positive displacement pump?	0
what are some of the worst things about yale that they don't tell you on the tour?	what does yale offer that other universities don't (or do, but to a lesser extent)?	0
how do retailers like big bazaar and spencer's decide the location of there store?	why should one support fdi in multi-brand retail instead of empowering home-grown brands like big bazaar or spencer's through better policies?	0
what is the lowest temperature in australia?	what is the lowest temperature in the universe?	0
are there any shows similar to glee?	is jon snow really dead? what's his fate?	0
romance (love): why do i love him so much if i barely know him?	why do i still love him?	0
i enjoy company but feel more content when i'm alone and tend to stay alone more and more. should i join a sorority at columbia university?	why does it feel like i'm alone?	0
i was selected for a train and hire program for cognizant by a firm named vedicsoft. they are asking for 28000 rs. should i join it?	who is better: a friend that before applying for a job asks another to join or another who just applied for the job (no asking) and got selected?	0
what are some tips on making it through the job interview process at williams?	what are some tips on making it through the job interview process at williams-sonoma?	0
how did kannada actor sunil died?	according to the theory of evolution, why do we die?	0
how could it be harmful to breathe in raid (used to kill bugs)? i sprayed it on my bed and my friend said it coulld cause brain damage.	do olympic players from other countries than india get the same kind of rewards from their respective governments just like here?	0
will prediction markets ever be popular?	how popular are prediction markets?	0
why do most married men visit prostitutes?	why do men visit prostitutes?	0
what is the best road route from lucknow to nainital for bike driving?	which is the best road route from gurgaon to nainital?	0
how competitive is the hiring process at heartland express?	i want to lose 25 kgs in 3 months.what diet plan and exercise should i follow. if anyone has done this can you share your exercise & diet plan?	0
what are some good books on parenting?	what are some books or sources for raising very skilled and intelligent children?	0
how much does linkedin recruiter the corporate recruiting tool cost?	what are the differences between paid levels of linkedin including recruiter lite, linkedin recruiter, and talent?	0
is it possible to strike someone in the nose hard enough to send bone into the brain and kill them instantly?	it's my understanding that the brain regulates the heart beat. can you therefore think hard enough to give yourself a heart attack?	0
what are the most effective shoulder exercises, ranked by order of importance?	what are the most effective back exercises, ranked by order of importance?	0
who are some lesser known important historical figures of australia and what should people know about them?	who are some lesser known important historical figures of georgia and what should people know about them?	0
how can i remove account from google opinion rewards?	any chance of a call from sibm-p/scmhrd at 93.16 percentile in snap 2016?	0
what would have happened if batman were in the avengers?	what if batman crashes into the avengers?	0
what would happen if i accidentally got petroleum jelly in my eyes?	can we use vaseline (the petroleum jelly) for our lips?	0
what is it like to interview at tesla motors?	what is your review of tesla motors (company)?	0
what are some great examples of oxymorons?	how is airline food an oxymoron?	0
what are the symptoms for grade 1 diastolic dysfunction?	what can i do to help heal disc bulges at l4-l5 and s1?	0
how can i get rid of little cockroaches?	pest control: what are some ways to get rid of cockroaches and ants inside the house?	0
who enjoys sex the most: men or women? and why?	is it true that women enjoy life more than men?	0
what is the best pdf reader for windows?	what is the best feature rich pdf reader for windows?	0
want to phd in textile out of india.?	i want to buy a product of usa but it is not delivered in india. i do not have any relative out of india. what should i do?	0
what is the best religion for men?	what is best religion?	0
what is the good approach to implement rest api either to go with http status codes or creating custom error field by always returning 200?	what do mexican households cook if they want to eat healthy dishes? (aside from salad?)?	0
what is the difference between visual basic and visual studio and what are the languages supported by .net framework?	should i drop visual studio, c# and .net right now?	0
who is lindsey graham?	is lindsey graham republican?	0
deanna says in remember (s5e12) that northern virginia was evacuated early on, where were they evacuated to?	if only you knew a zombie apocalypse were coming in an hour and you only had $10 to spend in the dollar store, what would you buy?	0
is developphp.com the best site for learning web designing?	which is the best site to learn web designing and development?	0
what are some stretching exercises to get taller?	does milk make you grow taller?	0
which icici credit card is the best?	which citibank or icici credit card is the best?	0
how would i know if my husband is a sociopath?	how do you know if your boss is a sociopath?	0
what can i say to describe my need for financial aid at coursera?	how can i apply for financial aid for multiple classes at coursera?	0
what is the mental health stigma like in canada?	what is the mental health stigma?	0
what if queen victoria had been a boy instead of a girl?	if queen victoria had stopped having kids after bertie, would world war i still have happened?	0
when were the vedas first written down?	before the vedas were written down, how much did they change throughout the centuries?	0
how do stock options work for google employees? how do stock options affect the employee? what is a rsu?	"what does ""4 years vesting with 1 year cliff"" mean?"	0
do candles spoil?	how does a lit candle remove odors from a room?	0
what were the educational qualifications of adolf hitler?	was there anything good about adolf hitler?	0
which is the best free vpn website?	can i use windows 7 in hp pavilion 15-ab522tx?	0
what is the square root of [math]-i[/math]?	what is the square root of [math]17535[/math]?	0
what are some of the benefits that tcs employees can avail in any kind of tata stores?	can a tcs employee be fired?	0
how should you treat constipation at 38 weeks pregnant?	how should you treat constipation at 5 weeks pregnant?	0
what can cause a dryer to produce heat but not dry clothes? how can such problem be fixed?	how do you fix a dryer that is not drying clothes?	0
how do acetic acid and glacial acetic acid differ?	what is glacial acetic acid?	0
what is the best platform to build an e-commerce website in india?	which is the best e-commerce site in india?	0
is there a different price over the internet than in person when trying to book a room in mexico city from the us?	why is mexico city dangerous?	0
if the earth is a globe then why does it look like there are countries above and below others? how can they be underneath in reality?	what did abraham maslow contribute to education?	0
how do i take a good photo using a 13mp mobile camera?	"i want to take photos to be printed large (48"" x 60"" or larger) for exhibitions/galleries. with a $2k budget, what is the best digital camera to use?"	0
does anonymity work with both question and answer?	why does anonymity work the way it does on quora?	0
how does usps forward packages?	how do you track a forwarded package through usps?	0
if [math]\frac{1}{a} + \frac{1}{b} + \frac{1}{c} =\frac{1}{a+b+c}[/math] where [math]a+b+c \neq 0, abc \neq 0,[/math] what is the value of [math](a+b) (b+c) (c+a)?[/math]	if [math]a, b,[/math] and [math]c[/math] are positive real numbers, and [math]a \lt b + c[/math], how can you prove that [math]\dfrac{a}{1+a} < \dfrac{b}{1+b} + \dfrac{c}{1+c}[/math]?	0
what are the best aspects of working at united community?	what are the best aspects of working at united rentals?	0
how do i access global variable in c++?	how are global variables handled in c++?	0
is masturbating daily good?	is masturbating good for health?	0
what are some benefits of doing iim after iit?	which is better, iim or iit?	0
why are citric acid sachets used for cleaning stainless steel kettles while alkaline solutions are used to clean inside refrigerators?	when i open ms word in laptop (windows 7 ultimate…windows is activated) it is asking product key…how can i know my product key?	0
how do i approach an african girl?	how do you approach an asian girl?	0
how would you use statistical analysis to verify results from your research?	i want to become a banker, how should i begin after my hs final?	0
what happens if u delete .misc files in android?	what are misc files in android mobile and what happens if we delete misc files?	0
"what did trump mean when he said: “border patrol agency, 16,500 plus ice last week endorsed me; the first time they've ever endorsed a candidate""?"	where can i get tick by tick nse historical data for futures with level ii / iii quotes?	0
what is it like to be high on marijuana or other sources of thc?	when you cough while smoking marijuana, does it really get you more high?	0
what is quora's monetization strategy?	what could quora's long-term business plan be?	0
how can i manage between coaching and school due to which my concepts are poor .are there any book for concepts.?	i am preparing for iit-jee and i haven't joined any coaching. i already have hcv. which book is nice for theory to clear basic concepts?	0
what is the dance that people sing knee knee elbow elbow toe toe?	what are the correct positions involving having the forehead, nose, both hands, knees and all toes touching the ground together during sajdah?	0
what are the advantages and disadvantages of implementing k-12 education in the philippines?	what are the advantages and disadvantages of k-12?	0
what does the infinity tattoo mean?	what does x tattoo mean?	0
what is the best way to do an n.a.p. for a professional who wants to rank for his personal name and his business name?	do domain name effect seo and google ranking ?	0
what are the craziest/weirdest things you've seen in a taxi?	what are the craziest/weirdest things you've seen a professor do?	0
what are common topics of english writing skills which can be asked in exams of class 10?	how can i improve my writing skills?	0
how can i be happy living with people who judge my actions were wrong?	how is it to live with people who share their happiness but not sorrows?	0
what will happen if i put regular gas into a car that requires premium gas?	what would happen if you put diesel gas in a car that takes regular gas?	0
how is the square root of 50 simplified?	how do you simplify the square root of 48?	0
why does sitting in the front seat of the car reduce motion sickness?	how do i overcome motion sickness in a ship?	0
what name did you save your dad/mum's number with?	how do you find out who a phone or cell phone number belongs to?	0
how do i create a superhero universe? any tips/ideas?	i'm writing a superhero universe and need a superhero identity for one of the protagonists. any ideas?	0
