a man playing an electric guitar on stage .	a man playing fetch on the floor .	2
a man playing an electric guitar on stage .	a man playing rival on the track .	2
a man playing an electric guitar on stage .	a man playing fetch on the floor .	2
a man playing an electric guitar on stage .	a man playing fetch on the floor .	2
a man playing an electric guitar on stage .	a man playing banjo on the floor .	2
a man playing an electric guitar on stage .	a man playing bikes on the floor .	2
a man playing an electric guitar on stage .	a man playing mist on the track .	2
a man playing an electric guitar on stage .	a man playing fetch on the floor .	2
a man playing an electric guitar on stage .	a man playing bugs on the floor .	2
a man playing an electric guitar on stage .	a man playing pool on the floor .	2
a man playing an electric guitar on stage .	a man playing nicely on the floor .	2
a man playing an electric guitar on stage .	a man playing softball on the floor .	2
a man playing an electric guitar on stage .	a man playing softball on the floor .	2
a man playing an electric guitar on stage .	a man playing softball on the floor .	2
a man playing an electric guitar on stage .	a man playing banjo on the track .	2
a man playing an electric guitar on stage .	a man playing softball on the floor .	2
a man playing an electric guitar on stage .	a man playing softball on the floor .	2
a man playing an electric guitar on stage .	a man playing softball on the floor .	2
a man playing an electric guitar on stage .	a man playing bum on the floor .	2
a man playing an electric guitar on stage .	a man playing repairing on the floor .	2
a man playing an electric guitar on stage .	a man playing low on the floor .	2
a man playing an electric guitar on stage .	a man playing banjo on the floor .	2
a man playing an electric guitar on stage .	a man playing bocce on the floor .	2
a man playing an electric guitar on stage .	a man playing fetch on the floor .	2
a man playing an electric guitar on stage .	a man playing softball on the floor .	2
a man playing an electric guitar on stage .	a man playing rapid on the floor .	2
a man playing an electric guitar on stage .	a man playing banjo on the floor .	2
a man playing an electric guitar on stage .	a man playing fetch on the floor .	2
a man playing an electric guitar on stage .	a man playing injured on the floor .	2
a man playing an electric guitar on stage .	a man playing softball on the floor .	2
a man playing an electric guitar on stage .	a man playing softball hitting the floor .	2
a man playing an electric guitar on stage .	a man playing patty on the floor .	2
a man playing an electric guitar on stage .	a man playing banjo on the floor .	2
a man playing an electric guitar on stage .	a man playing banjo on the floor .	2
a man playing an electric guitar on stage .	a man playing softball on the floor .	2
a man playing an electric guitar on stage .	a man playing softball on the floor .	2
a man playing an electric guitar on stage .	a man playing softball on the floor .	2
a man playing an electric guitar on stage .	a man playing banjo on the floor .	2
a man playing an electric guitar on stage .	a man playing banjo on the floor .	2
a man playing an electric guitar on stage .	a man playing guitar on stage . about	0
a man playing an electric guitar on stage .	a man playing guitar on stage . .	0
a man playing an electric guitar on stage .	a man is performing handshake . to a	1
a man playing an electric guitar on stage .	a man is performing motionless . of turkey	1
a man playing an electric guitar on stage .	a man is performing for grandma . of	1
a man playing an electric guitar on stage .	a man is performing panhandling . <oov>	1
a man playing an electric guitar on stage .	a man is performing for .	1
a man playing an electric guitar on stage .	a man is performing for . in	1
a man playing an electric guitar on stage .	a man is performing friday . at	1
a man playing an electric guitar on stage .	a man is performing fake . is	1
a man playing an electric guitar on stage .	a man is performing for grandma .	1
a man playing an electric guitar on stage .	a man is performing for . boy	1
a man playing an electric guitar on stage .	a man is performing loud . man peach	1
a man playing an electric guitar on stage .	a man is performing tugging . .	1
a man playing an electric guitar on stage .	a man is performing for .	1
a man playing an electric guitar on stage .	a man is palying too . .	1
a man playing an electric guitar on stage .	a man is performing for .	1
a man playing an electric guitar on stage .	a man is performing waltz . a <oov>	1
a man playing an electric guitar on stage .	a man is performing sex . is	1
a man playing an electric guitar on stage .	a man is performing pad . to is	1
a man playing an electric guitar on stage .	a man is performing panhandling . <oov>	1
a man playing an electric guitar on stage .	a man is performing bifocals . <oov>	1
a man playing an electric guitar on stage .	a man is performing waltz . in a	1
a man playing an electric guitar on stage .	a man is going sidelines .	1
a man playing an electric guitar on stage .	a man is doing aerobics . a cashier	1
a man playing an electric guitar on stage .	a man is performing for . in	1
a man playing an electric guitar on stage .	a man is performing wire . .	1
a man playing an electric guitar on stage .	a man is performing wool . is	1
a man playing an electric guitar on stage .	a man is going buckle . football	1
a man playing an electric guitar on stage .	a man is performing for . to	1
a man playing an electric guitar on stage .	a man is performing backflips .	1
a man playing an electric guitar on stage .	a man is performing known . is	1
a man playing an electric guitar on stage .	a man is performing ups . 's	1
a man playing an electric guitar on stage .	a man is performing throught . of	1
a man playing an electric guitar on stage .	a man is performing panhandling . in preparation	1
three firefighter come out of subway station .	two motorcyclist diapers outside there pull an event .	0
three firefighter come out of subway station .	what he is a <oov> cutting crocs ?	0
three firefighter come out of subway station .	some three enjoyed <oov> dinner street train .	0
three firefighter come out of subway station .	three the romantic <oov> gathering met back .	0
three firefighter come out of subway station .	two roller <oov> for an overnight olympics .	0
three firefighter come out of subway station .	what he is a <oov> bone his camels ?	0
three firefighter come out of subway station .	some three businessmen gathering <oov> an isolated helmets .	0
three firefighter come out of subway station .	two firefighters having fun outside during finals .	0
three firefighter come out of subway station .	the tired blue tickets <oov> back join paints .	0
three firefighter come out of subway station .	two youth <oov> branches in the tanning .	0
three firefighter come out of subway station .	the warning suburbs in church back ice .	0
three firefighter come out of subway station .	two teens watch <oov> does a pier .	0
three firefighter come out of subway station .	the three flags <oov> anything an arch event .	0
three firefighter come out of subway station .	what he is a <oov> cutting disc ?	0
three firefighter come out of subway station .	the hunter <oov> wore an <oov> dandelion .	0
three firefighter come out of subway station .	what he is a <oov> championship 's weigh ?	0
three firefighter come out of subway station .	the boy frolics blue from a shotgun .	0
three firefighter come out of subway station .	two peopl people eat <oov> an neon skydiving .	0
three firefighter come out of subway station .	the siblings enjoys out from the better .	0
three firefighter come out of subway station .	the boy land <oov> at a loom .	0
three firefighter come out of subway station .	the sock <oov> stretches out with gum .	0
three firefighter come out of subway station .	what he is a <oov> soldier his vineyard ?	0
three firefighter come out of subway station .	two bird blue shirts <oov> an italian event .	0
three firefighter come out of subway station .	two tired blue out <oov> mass collapse .	0
three firefighter come out of subway station .	ten the six outside are cutting spiderman screens .	0
three firefighter come out of subway station .	the warning hike outside a hospital box .	0
three firefighter come out of subway station .	three the carnival is <oov> an election sandwich .	0
three firefighter come out of subway station .	the kids peeks <oov> out an ice .	0
three firefighter come out of subway station .	the gap head faucet <oov> an ancient furniture .	0
three firefighter come out of subway station .	two fast <oov> student in rough waffle .	0
three firefighter come out of subway station .	the thunderstorm terrier <oov> is fashion autographs drifting .	0
three firefighter come out of subway station .	the boy leads <oov> an upcoming steer store .	0
three firefighter come out of subway station .	two tired blue out <oov> with each eat .	0
three firefighter come out of subway station .	the river lives is <oov> winning standing together .	0
three firefighter come out of subway station .	some three comfy <oov> human in better .	0
three firefighter come out of subway station .	what he is a <oov> hardwood culinary ?	0
three firefighter come out of subway station .	the tired white <oov> out with guests .	0
three firefighter come out of subway station .	children wearing king playing ukulele by a fast .	2
three firefighter come out of subway station .	two disabled men trapped model a large art	2
three firefighter come out of subway station .	two children taking shots a picturesque large cake	2
three firefighter come out of subway station .	two firefighters crowd playing inside a blue spot	2
three firefighter come out of subway station .	children work stars riding a wearing blue hoodie .	2
three firefighter come out of subway station .	two disabled men model nachos a large door	2
three firefighter come out of subway station .	two children taking a crowd setting they unwraps .	2
three firefighter come out of subway station .	two telescope toddlers play inside a pizzeria .	2
three firefighter come out of subway station .	two retail taking crowd gesture a large corner .	2
three firefighter come out of subway station .	two children taking a crowd busy visiting	2
three firefighter come out of subway station .	two children taking a crowd cutting large today .	2
three firefighter come out of subway station .	two firefighters playing until inside a blue theater	2
three firefighter come out of subway station .	two firefighters playing inside songs a pizzeria .	2
three firefighter come out of subway station .	two tall torches taking a local busy	2
three firefighter come out of subway station .	two firefighters play equipment inside a check .	2
three firefighter come out of subway station .	two children taking a crowd busy brunch	2
three firefighter come out of subway station .	two firefighters crowd holding a big jar .	2
three firefighter come out of subway station .	two firefighters playing funds strawberries to a tent .	2
three firefighter come out of subway station .	children walking project have paint a roller coaster	2
three firefighter come out of subway station .	two firefighters playing rough gotten a fire .	2
three firefighter come out of subway station .	two birds have stray wearing a hammer	2
three firefighter come out of subway station .	two firefighters playing creating dance routine a theater .	2
three firefighter come out of subway station .	children wearing stage playing inside a blue sweater	2
three firefighter come out of subway station .	two firefighters playing creating inside a treehouse .	2
three firefighter come out of subway station .	two photographers test playing badminton a plane .	2
three firefighter come out of subway station .	two firefighters play closely enjoy a blue bed	2
three firefighter come out of subway station .	two firefighters sit equipment inside a lasagna .	2
three firefighter come out of subway station .	two children wrestlers playing a big june while teacher	2
three firefighter come out of subway station .	two disabled men taller equipment a counter	2
three firefighter come out of subway station .	two firefighters have stray maybe by a machine	2
three firefighter come out of subway station .	two firefighters playing creating dance after a walkway .	2
a snowboarder on a wide plain of snow	a sculpture outdoors with a flags pole .	0
a snowboarder on a wide plain of snow	a bearded outdoors with a long skateboarding .	0
a snowboarder on a wide plain of snow	a grandpa outdoors with a football catch .	0
a snowboarder on a wide plain of snow	a referee sculpture at a test outside .	0
a snowboarder on a wide plain of snow	a snow with a motorized on shoe .	0
a snowboarder on a wide plain of snow	a brazilian with tea at a bar .	0
a snowboarder on a wide plain of snow	a field outdoors with a gray perform .	0
a snowboarder on a wide plain of snow	a acting sculpture with a yorkie sign .	0
a snowboarder on a wide plain of snow	a referee with a burgers on it .	0
a snowboarder on a wide plain of snow	a hippo outdoors 22 at a courthouse .	0
a snowboarder on a wide plain of snow	a robed stands with a football .	0
a snowboarder on a wide plain of snow	a snow descended with a long drum .	0
a snowboarder on a wide plain of snow	a stands with air at a bull .	0
a snowboarder on a wide plain of snow	a rafters field with a keep paint .	0
a snowboarder on a wide plain of snow	a pack field with a long bag .	0
a snowboarder on a wide plain of snow	a referee with a keep behind smiles .	0
a snowboarder on a wide plain of snow	a snow with a drunk eating plot .	0
a snowboarder on a wide plain of snow	a pack field with a guitars outside .	0
a snowboarder on a wide plain of snow	a quartet with a mohawk 's together .	0
a snowboarder on a wide plain of snow	a referee with a keep outside standing .	0
a snowboarder on a wide plain of snow	a snow stays to standing on shoe .	0
a snowboarder on a wide plain of snow	a sport tries to keep an exam .	0
a snowboarder on a wide plain of snow	a snow field with a cycling .	0
a snowboarder on a wide plain of snow	a salesperson sculpture at a bar architecture .	0
a snowboarder on a wide plain of snow	a cellar field with a couch out .	0
a snowboarder on a wide plain of snow	a rushing tries with a football shoe .	0
a snowboarder on a wide plain of snow	a snow field with a chainsaw gorilla .	0
a snowboarder on a wide plain of snow	a redhead biker tower a bundle originate .	1
a snowboarder on a wide plain of snow	a biker escaped jane a popular snow .	1
a snowboarder on a wide plain of snow	a redhead biker have a chemical backup .	1
a snowboarder on a wide plain of snow	a snowboarder puppy awkward a purple erupting .	1
a snowboarder on a wide plain of snow	a snowboarder almost over a field of snow .	1
a snowboarder on a wide plain of snow	a snowboarder wishes down a pass accessory .	1
a snowboarder on a wide plain of snow	a snowboarder squats a tree hulk high .	1
a snowboarder on a wide plain of snow	a snowboarder over a narrow of tracks .	1
a snowboarder on a wide plain of snow	a snowboarder push over a field shell .	1
a snowboarder on a wide plain of snow	a hand jams a boy of padded .	1
a snowboarder on a wide plain of snow	a snowboarder over a man cleaning goodbye .	1
a snowboarder on a wide plain of snow	a snowboarder dribbles ridden a bay rail .	1
a snowboarder on a wide plain of snow	a rival coaches over a child ina .	1
a snowboarder on a wide plain of snow	a cars vikings board a coral kimono .	1
a snowboarder on a wide plain of snow	a car stopping breakdancing a nice snow .	1
a snowboarder on a wide plain of snow	a snowboarder messing down a slippery toyota blower .	1
a snowboarder on a wide plain of snow	a rabbi displays over a mona sled .	1
a snowboarder on a wide plain of snow	a snowboarder celebrates down a man blanket .	1
a snowboarder on a wide plain of snow	a snowboarder snaps down a motorboat theatre .	1
a snowboarder on a wide plain of snow	a bugs could over a field swing .	1
a snowboarder on a wide plain of snow	a hiked bets over a field hoop .	1
a snowboarder on a wide plain of snow	a woman rubs over a child tonight .	1
a snowboarder on a wide plain of snow	a snowboarder dribbles a afro down hill .	1
a snowboarder on a wide plain of snow	a snowboarder over a man down juice .	1
a snowboarder on a wide plain of snow	a snowboarder over a man stands calmly .	1
a snowboarder on a wide plain of snow	a snowboarder over a pair of drawing .	1
a snowboarder on a wide plain of snow	a snowboarder free staircase a ina subject .	1
a snowboarder on a wide plain of snow	a bmx out boy with a coral .	1
a snowboarder on a wide plain of snow	a snowboarder deeply rides a nice contest .	1
a snowboarder on a wide plain of snow	a snowboarder offers a freeze collar butterfly .	1
an older women tending to a garden .	the lady is cooking dinner . 's	2
an older women tending to a garden .	the lady is cooking dinner . harm	2
an older women tending to a garden .	the cocker has a serious costume	0
an older women tending to a garden .	the items has a robotic	0
an older women tending to a garden .	the lady has a pasture .	0
an older women tending to a garden .	the lady has a buzz	0
an older women tending to a garden .	the lady has a child .	0
an older women tending to a garden .	the lady has a garden	0
an older women tending to a garden .	the lady has a garden .	0
an older women tending to a garden .	the lady has a mobile expression	0
an older women tending to a garden .	the lady has a set	0
an older women tending to a garden .	a hawk has a life	0
an older women tending to a garden .	the artist has a buss	0
an older women tending to a garden .	the it has a kayak	0
an older women tending to a garden .	the lady has a life jacket	0
an older women tending to a garden .	the lady has a mobile headpiece	0
an older women tending to a garden .	the book has a kayak	0
an older women tending to a garden .	the lady has a suitcase kayak	0
an older women tending to a garden .	the lady has a suitcase	0
an older women tending to a garden .	the tiny has a buss	0
an older women tending to a garden .	the lady has a bust	0
an older women tending to a garden .	the lady has a burritos	0
an older women tending to a garden .	the lady has a many bag	0
an older women tending to a garden .	the lady has a pooch dog	0
an older women tending to a garden .	the lady has a shack	0
an older women tending to a garden .	the lady has a buss tile	0
an older women tending to a garden .	the lady has a zebra	0
an older women tending to a garden .	the blond has a harmonica	0
an older women tending to a garden .	the robs has a garden	0
an older women tending to a garden .	the lady has a boy robotic	0
an older women tending to a garden .	the lady has a breathe bag	0
an older women tending to a garden .	the participants has a humanity rowing	0
an older women tending to a garden .	the lady has a babysitting denim	0
an older women tending to a garden .	the lady has a report day .	0
two teenage girls conversing next to lockers .	in aprons stands planning to eat someone .	2
two teenage girls conversing next to lockers .	no people sitting at the toilet shot .	2
two teenage girls conversing next to lockers .	someone getting how to at the train .	2
two teenage girls conversing next to lockers .	someone getting another next to the train .	2
two teenage girls conversing next to lockers .	woman is performing at the penalty toilet .	2
two teenage girls conversing next to lockers .	in youngsters iced stood to the pool .	2
two teenage girls conversing next to lockers .	someone getting how to return the toilet .	2
two teenage girls conversing next to lockers .	no people sitting near the toilet lecture .	2
two teenage girls conversing next to lockers .	woman is examining something to the toilet .	2
two teenage girls conversing next to lockers .	no people sitting beside the cats sawing .	2
two teenage girls conversing next to lockers .	woman getting when at the checkout warrior .	2
two teenage girls conversing next to lockers .	someone getting how to jam warm along .	2
two teenage girls conversing next to lockers .	woman plays next at the toilet laces .	2
two teenage girls conversing next to lockers .	no people sitting at the hula auditorium .	2
two teenage girls conversing next to lockers .	woman is ahead aftermath to eat toilet .	2
two teenage girls conversing next to lockers .	wedding man going at the pound door .	2
two teenage girls conversing next to lockers .	another woman is ignoring to the pool .	2
two teenage girls conversing next to lockers .	no people sitting at the wireless moving .	2
two teenage girls conversing next to lockers .	no contruction wears straps talking the punch .	2
two teenage girls conversing next to lockers .	woman getting very normal to the window .	2
two teenage girls conversing next to lockers .	someone gestures next to the window toilet .	2
two teenage girls conversing next to lockers .	person getting next to the rock winner .	2
two teenage girls conversing next to lockers .	people watching underneath bubbles bodysuits .	0
two teenage girls conversing next to lockers .	people men shake outdoors glassware . to	0
two teenage girls conversing next to lockers .	people watching joggers knights as . a tiger	0
two teenage girls conversing next to lockers .	people watching a snow darkness . at	0
two teenage girls conversing next to lockers .	people watching flowers western tricks .	0
two teenage girls conversing next to lockers .	people talking next to cross .	0
two teenage girls conversing next to lockers .	men workers performing a flag . <oov> kebabs	0
two teenage girls conversing next to lockers .	people watching next await gathered . to a	0
two teenage girls conversing next to lockers .	people watching representing rover interact .	0
two teenage girls conversing next to lockers .	people going one is lockers . <oov> police	0
two teenage girls conversing next to lockers .	people watching bubbles perform her .	0
two teenage girls conversing next to lockers .	people watching problems perform racks .	0
two teenage girls conversing next to lockers .	people talking next to cross .	0
two teenage girls conversing next to lockers .	people watching joggers browse left . to	0
two teenage girls conversing next to lockers .	people watching `` from affectionate . to	0
two teenage girls conversing next to lockers .	people tracks one within quietly .	0
two teenage girls conversing next to lockers .	people talking to race fashioned .	0
two teenage girls conversing next to lockers .	people men held rafts math .	0
two teenage girls conversing next to lockers .	to people next hate competitively . is	0
two teenage girls conversing next to lockers .	people watching next cabbage blower .	0
two teenage girls conversing next to lockers .	woman chicks on orange outside with leashes poultry	1
two teenage girls conversing next to lockers .	a girls talking are riding their phone lips .	1
two teenage girls conversing next to lockers .	woman other dogs pretty holds as they competitively	1
two teenage girls conversing next to lockers .	woman moment of his double sitting with nyc .	1
two teenage girls conversing next to lockers .	a people looking on as they relations serve	1
two teenage girls conversing next to lockers .	woman hiding tennis on as they friendly screaming .	1
two teenage girls conversing next to lockers .	people are looking while sitting quietly with bicycles .	1
two teenage girls conversing next to lockers .	woman portrait made out with outside of papers .	1
two teenage girls conversing next to lockers .	woman hula crowd on stage as they handsaw .	1
two teenage girls conversing next to lockers .	woman dressed for his room home chinese camp	1
two teenage girls conversing next to lockers .	woman gave under impromptu on shade beaker groucho .	1
two teenage girls conversing next to lockers .	woman lounging in sailor dance with broken something .	1
two teenage girls conversing next to lockers .	woman passerby working on vodka as robbery canvas .	1
two teenage girls conversing next to lockers .	woman hiding in time watching which flowing saw !	1
two teenage girls conversing next to lockers .	woman youngsters made on feet as some pure .	1
two teenage girls conversing next to lockers .	a girls talking are shows with their gig .	1
two teenage girls conversing next to lockers .	woman assembles other demonstrate on as well shadows	1
two teenage girls conversing next to lockers .	woman youngsters dogs watch tennis on clay gear injured	1
two teenage girls conversing next to lockers .	woman made on four clothes with facial roses .	1
two teenage girls conversing next to lockers .	woman attack expert fine out with doing homework	1
a guy riding a motorcycle near junk cars	a man is riding a motorcycle trail .	0
a guy riding a motorcycle near junk cars	a man is riding a motorcycle .	0
the girls walk down the street .	girls walk down the street .	0
the girls walk down the street .	girls watch a light and piercings .	0
the girls walk down the street .	their heads desks the street .	0
the girls walk down the street .	girls walk down the street .	0
the girls walk down the street .	their photograph walk through the ocean .	0
the girls walk down the street .	girls walk down the street .	0
the girls walk down the street .	chess girls are speed the sleeping .	0
the girls walk down the street .	dogs left the red hose . dye	0
the girls walk down the street .	girls walk down the street .	0
the girls walk down the street .	his bed cutting the boardwalk .	0
the girls walk down the street .	their crosscountry feel down the street . woman	0
the girls walk down the street .	their entertainers down the street .	0
the girls walk down the street .	girls walk down the street .	0
the girls walk down the street .	girls walk down the street .	0
the girls walk down the street .	their does self the union . a	0
the girls walk down the street .	clerk walk down the street .	0
the girls walk down the street .	girls sat behind underneath the street .	0
the girls walk down the street .	girls walk down the street .	0
the girls walk down the street .	art girls run past the street .	0
the girls walk down the street .	girls walk down the street .	0
the girls walk down the street .	girls miserable down the street .	0
the girls walk down the street .	girls walk down the street .	0
the girls walk down the street .	girls walk down the street .	0
the girls walk down the street .	their painters home the leap .	0
the girls walk down the street .	girls calling down the street .	0
the girls walk down the street .	girls paddles a red hose . a frisbee	0
the girls walk down the street .	girls richard pin the skateboarder .	0
the girls walk down the street .	girls walk down the street .	0
the girls walk down the street .	girls barefoot running down the street .	0
the girls walk down the street .	their good home down the street .	0
the girls walk down the street .	their vie down the street .	0
the girls walk down the street .	their attacking scaling the street . <oov>	0
the girls walk down the street .	girls cycling underneath the table .	0
the girls walk down the street .	he out running around the race .	0
the girls walk down the street .	girls walk down the street .	0
the girls walk down the street .	their heads down the street .	0
the girls walk down the street .	girls walk down the street .	0
the girls walk down the street .	woman is standing outside to the park .	1
the girls walk down the street .	woman is sitting walking to the park .	1
the girls walk down the street .	woman is sitting hotdogs to his sister .	1
the girls walk down the street .	woman was sitting outside to surveying the water	1
the girls walk down the street .	there woman is practicing to his board .	1
the girls walk down the street .	woman is sitting cord outside the wood .	1
the girls walk down the street .	woman is sitting throught to the park .	1
the girls walk down the street .	there woman is knitting to the park .	1
the girls walk down the street .	woman is sitting outside to the bikers .	1
the girls walk down the street .	woman is standing outside to the park .	1
the girls walk down the street .	woman is tiny inline to his eyes .	1
the girls walk down the street .	there woman is karate to behind noodle .	1
the girls walk down the street .	an man shooting to knit behind the nearby	1
the girls walk down the street .	woman is sitting atop to the park .	1
the girls walk down the street .	woman is sitting walking to the wild .	1
the girls walk down the street .	woman is standing outside to the park .	1
the girls walk down the street .	woman is standing outside to the park .	1
the girls walk down the street .	woman is standing outside to the park .	1
the girls walk down the street .	there woman is karate to the park .	1
the girls walk down the street .	woman is standing outside to the park .	1
the girls walk down the street .	woman is sitting walking down the stick .	1
the girls walk down the street .	woman is sitting atop to the wild .	1
the girls walk down the street .	there breakdancing were going to the park .	1
the girls walk down the street .	woman dropped gateway to black women eyeshadow .	1
six dogs swimming in a river .	six dogs are aprons .	0
six dogs swimming in a river .	six dogs are socializing . to	0
six dogs swimming in a river .	six dogs are crowd . a	0
six dogs swimming in a river .	six dogs are enemies . a paved	0
six dogs swimming in a river .	six dogs are standing .	0
six dogs swimming in a river .	six dogs are listing . a	0
six dogs swimming in a river .	six dogs are knocked .	0
six dogs swimming in a river .	six dogs are outdoors .	0
six dogs swimming in a river .	six two dogs are outdoors .	0
six dogs swimming in a river .	six dogs are outdoors . at	0
six dogs swimming in a river .	six dogs are watching .	0
six dogs swimming in a river .	six dogs are enemies . a	0
six dogs swimming in a river .	six dogs are standing .	0
six dogs swimming in a river .	the display hole are on the couch .	2
six dogs swimming in a river .	the puppies are cried pocket on the guitars .	2
six dogs swimming in a river .	the red tatoo are on a opposite team .	2
six dogs swimming in a river .	the motorcyclist waking are on a catholic .	2
six dogs swimming in a river .	the horse ridden on a freshly coals .	2
six dogs swimming in a river .	the display are boxers on the mandolin .	2
six dogs swimming in a river .	the motorbike grilling south are on a house .	2
six dogs swimming in a river .	the elderly man surveys on a yorkie .	2
six dogs swimming in a river .	the horse dunking are on a long .	2
six dogs swimming in a river .	the display inspired are setting a fumble .	2
six dogs swimming in a river .	the horse tile are ready on coconuts .	2
six dogs swimming in a river .	the display stone cub on a soccer team	2
six dogs swimming in a river .	the display are passed on a couch .	2
six dogs swimming in a river .	the horse throws something on the couch .	2
six dogs swimming in a river .	the horse 22 tile on a couch .	2
six dogs swimming in a river .	the horse cut boy into the audience .	2
six dogs swimming in a river .	the display lectures are on a opposite .	2
six dogs swimming in a river .	the horse paddles are on a opposite team .	2
six dogs swimming in a river .	the volunteers man off on a couch .	2
six dogs swimming in a river .	the horse replaces cut on a grey .	2
six dogs swimming in a river .	the horse cries are religious on a pole .	2
six dogs swimming in a river .	the display contains know on the pond .	2
six dogs swimming in a river .	the brown-haired man passed on a 2 shirt	2
six dogs swimming in a river .	the horse sprints man on the fridge .	2
six dogs swimming in a river .	the horse crushing are available on the ground .	2
six dogs swimming in a river .	the display employed are on a chairlift .	2
six dogs swimming in a river .	the horse follow catches are eating pizza .	2
six dogs swimming in a river .	the emt sees are on a opposite team .	2
six dogs swimming in a river .	the horse hug dangerously on a shady air .	2
six dogs swimming in a river .	the horse man wants on a long snowboard .	2
six dogs swimming in a river .	the barber man causing on a pond .	2
six dogs swimming in a river .	the puppies sees classic off bound and sitting .	2
six dogs swimming in a river .	the horse hendrix are on a challenging .	2
six dogs swimming in a river .	the boys cuts dome on a couch .	2
six dogs swimming in a river .	the surf man falls on the couch .	2
a group of people dancing together .	people are 40 .	0
a group of people dancing together .	people are hurdling .	0
a group of people dancing together .	people are dancing . is	0
a group of people dancing together .	people are focusing .	0
a group of people dancing together .	people are history .	0
a group of people dancing together .	people are snapping disguise . carts .	0
a group of people dancing together .	people are sketching .	0
a group of people dancing together .	people are overgrown .	0
a group of people dancing together .	people are scowling .	0
a group of people dancing together .	people are unsafe .	0
a group of people dancing together .	people are dancing .	0
a group of people dancing together .	people are arriving . .	0
a group of people dancing together .	people are plying . .	0
a group of people dancing together .	people are professionals .	0
a group of people dancing together .	people are relatively .	0
a group of people dancing together .	people are snapping . .	0
a group of people dancing together .	people are ties . .	0
a group of people dancing together .	people are dancing .	0
a group of people dancing together .	people are dancing .	0
a group of people dancing together .	people are dancing .	0
a group of people dancing together .	people are dancing .	0
a group of people dancing together .	people are dancing .	0
a group of people dancing together .	people are dancing .	0
a group of people dancing together .	people are dancing .	0
a group of people dancing together .	people are dancing .	0
a group of people dancing together .	people are lifts .	0
a group of people dancing together .	people are sober .	0
a group of people dancing together .	people are parasurfing .	0
a group of people dancing together .	people are empty-handed .	0
a group of people dancing together .	a silhouette has a ring . `	1
a group of people dancing together .	a rat <oov> weeds cut .	1
a group of people dancing together .	a silhouette has a ring . is	1
a group of people dancing together .	a mother <oov> review massages .	1
a group of people dancing together .	a bird disgusting the backflips .	1
a group of people dancing together .	a christians has a ring . to	1
a group of people dancing together .	a bird stirs the aprons .	1
a group of people dancing together .	a grocer <oov> are praying .	1
a group of people dancing together .	a tired of the breed . man emerges	1
a group of people dancing together .	a bird orders the tricycle . <oov>	1
a group of people dancing together .	a mother starts a flute . ,	1
a group of people dancing together .	a silhouette has a ring . to	1
a group of people dancing together .	a washington has the seaside .	1
a group of people dancing together .	a silhouette has a ring . el	1
a group of people dancing together .	a tall onward are praying .	1
a group of people dancing together .	a duck herding the photographer .	1
a group of people dancing together .	a diners <oov> are smile .	1
a group of people dancing together .	a mermaid <oov> are praying .	1
a group of people dancing together .	a bird recreational the stripes . before houses	1
a group of people dancing together .	a bird swordsman the stores . after	1
a group of people dancing together .	a silhouette <oov> examines the other .	1
a group of people dancing together .	a poodle braids the government . <oov>	1
a group of people dancing together .	a wicker bird are homeless .	1
a group of people dancing together .	a silhouette has a ring . backlit	1
a group of people dancing together .	a bird mini-golf qualify lifts . to	1
a group of people dancing together .	a mountainside <oov> are coming .	1
a group of people dancing together .	a cellphone has a ring . to	1
a group of people dancing together .	a duck rehearses are teaching . to	1
a group of people dancing together .	a bird stirs the tricycle . <oov>	1
a group of people dancing together .	a movie <oov> examines nintendo .	1
a group of people dancing together .	a heels surround two players . people	1
a group of people dancing together .	a christians has a ring . `	1
a group of people dancing together .	a silhouette rat fighting homeless . bird <oov>	1
a group of people dancing together .	a person is fall .	2
a group of people dancing together .	a person is also .	2
a group of people dancing together .	a person is going .	2
a group of people dancing together .	a person is giving some .	2
a group of people dancing together .	a person is going motionless . of little	2
a group of people dancing together .	a person is also .	2
a group of people dancing together .	a person is going business .	2
a group of people dancing together .	a person is going upside .	2
a group of people dancing together .	a one is drinking .	2
a group of people dancing together .	a person is going scaffolding .	2
a group of people dancing together .	a person is closing ribbons . onward emptying	2
a group of people dancing together .	a person is talking .	2
a group of people dancing together .	a person is going scaffolding .	2
a group of people dancing together .	a person is bending upright .	2
a group of people dancing together .	a person is wearing lover .	2
a group of people dancing together .	a person is fiercely outside . is	2
a group of people dancing together .	a person is talking .	2
a group of people dancing together .	a person is talking .	2
a group of people dancing together .	a person is normal ribbons . <oov> products	2
a group of people dancing together .	a person is going .	2
a group of people dancing together .	a person is gray dogs .	2
a group of people dancing together .	a person is gray pads .	2
a group of people dancing together .	a person is talking drivers .	2
a group of people dancing together .	a person is wearing robe .	2
a group of people dancing together .	a person is going needles .	2
a group of people dancing together .	a person is gray paper . to a	2
a group of people dancing together .	a person is hula-hooping . to a	2
a group of people dancing together .	a person is talking .	2
a group of people dancing together .	a person is talking rapidly .	2
a group of people dancing together .	a person is wearing spiking .	2
a group of people dancing together .	a person is fifty cucumbers . a	2
a group of people dancing together .	a person is erupting <oov> .	2
men wearing blue uniforms sit on a bus .	one man is bored and october .	0
men wearing blue uniforms sit on a bus .	men sit on the toes . <oov>	0
men wearing blue uniforms sit on a bus .	a men sit on the bus . is	0
men wearing blue uniforms sit on a bus .	a men leans on the bus .	0
men wearing blue uniforms sit on a bus .	a men entertaining on the bus .	0
men wearing blue uniforms sit on a bus .	a group inside <oov> shadows . to church	0
men wearing blue uniforms sit on a bus .	a crowd is on the bus .	0
men wearing blue uniforms sit on a bus .	a boy is behind a bus going restaurant	1
men wearing blue uniforms sit on a bus .	a musician is on a bus work .	1
men wearing blue uniforms sit on a bus .	a musician is on a step work	1
men wearing blue uniforms sit on a bus .	a heavy on a helmet is underway work .	1
men wearing blue uniforms sit on a bus .	a younger woman is riding outside a cliff	1
men wearing blue uniforms sit on a bus .	a heavy on a helmet is work bored .	1
men wearing blue uniforms sit on a bus .	a person is riding from bike work	1
men wearing blue uniforms sit on a bus .	a girl is behind forest outside reading .	1
men wearing blue uniforms sit on a bus .	a heavy on street sprint to cook .	1
men wearing blue uniforms sit on a bus .	a girl is running around outside a theater .	1
men wearing blue uniforms sit on a bus .	a rain on a scooter is selling her makeup	1
men wearing blue uniforms sit on a bus .	a musician on a bus going to cook	1
men wearing blue uniforms sit on a bus .	a stunt boy is robin to draw humans	1
men wearing blue uniforms sit on a bus .	a girl is indoors being securing outside .	1
men wearing blue uniforms sit on a bus .	a stunt man is riding bus going	1
men wearing blue uniforms sit on a bus .	a boy is indoors in mouth work	1
men wearing blue uniforms sit on a bus .	a crowd that is running going to open water .	1
men wearing blue uniforms sit on a bus .	the man is fixing the father 's kitchen	2
men wearing blue uniforms sit on a bus .	the group is the second boat tricks .	2
men wearing blue uniforms sit on a bus .	the man is fixing the newborn company .	2
men wearing blue uniforms sit on a bus .	the group is the english bull markings .	2
men wearing blue uniforms sit on a bus .	the man is fixing the ground rides .	2
men wearing blue uniforms sit on a bus .	the group is the samsung boat walls .	2
men wearing blue uniforms sit on a bus .	the group is the mcdonald during a line	2
men wearing blue uniforms sit on a bus .	the group is the pulling of noise .	2
men wearing blue uniforms sit on a bus .	the group is the us into a line .	2
men wearing blue uniforms sit on a bus .	the group is the wonderful polish sailing .	2
men wearing blue uniforms sit on a bus .	the man is completing the fashion movement .	2
men wearing blue uniforms sit on a bus .	the group is the english silver boat .	2
men wearing blue uniforms sit on a bus .	the group is the us into a race	2
men wearing blue uniforms sit on a bus .	the group is the scottish father army .	2
men wearing blue uniforms sit on a bus .	the men in the danger of street .	2
men wearing blue uniforms sit on a bus .	the man is fixing the magnifying shoreline .	2
men wearing blue uniforms sit on a bus .	the group is the ongoing married ocean .	2
men wearing blue uniforms sit on a bus .	the group is the streets into church .	2
men wearing blue uniforms sit on a bus .	the group is the corrective headfirst portraits .	2
men wearing blue uniforms sit on a bus .	the group is the english draft write .	2
men wearing blue uniforms sit on a bus .	the group is the danger of silver .	2
men wearing blue uniforms sit on a bus .	a group is crossing the newborn ceremony race .	2
men wearing blue uniforms sit on a bus .	the group is the award into a mural	2
men wearing blue uniforms sit on a bus .	the group is the us into ocean race	2
men wearing blue uniforms sit on a bus .	the group is the potted ground wires .	2
men wearing blue uniforms sit on a bus .	the men is enjoying the athletic of hound	2
men wearing blue uniforms sit on a bus .	the group is the second city street .	2
men wearing blue uniforms sit on a bus .	the group is the midst of water .	2
men wearing blue uniforms sit on a bus .	the man is fixing the wrong table .	2
men wearing blue uniforms sit on a bus .	the group is the second bridge cold .	2
men wearing blue uniforms sit on a bus .	the man is fixing the lottery bridge .	2
men wearing blue uniforms sit on a bus .	the group is the bmx ancient leaking .	2
men wearing blue uniforms sit on a bus .	the group is the major sax of projects	2
men wearing blue uniforms sit on a bus .	the group is the gravel silver ocean .	2
men wearing blue uniforms sit on a bus .	the group is the streets into ocean .	2
men wearing blue uniforms sit on a bus .	the group is the us into a cold .	2
men wearing blue uniforms sit on a bus .	the group is the gravel of outdoor dealer outdoors	2
men wearing blue uniforms sit on a bus .	the group is the title diving 's .	2
men wearing blue uniforms sit on a bus .	the group is the ladder into a pic	2
two men climbing on a wooden scaffold .	two people are gathered around a drumset .	0
two men climbing on a wooden scaffold .	two people are gathered around a cube .	0
two men climbing on a wooden scaffold .	two people are athletes on a castle .	0
two men climbing on a wooden scaffold .	two people are gathered around a wrecked .	0
two men climbing on a wooden scaffold .	two people are gathered around a advertisement .	0
two men climbing on a wooden scaffold .	two people are pictured around a cube .	0
two men climbing on a wooden scaffold .	two people are gathered around a vendor .	0
two men climbing on a wooden scaffold .	two people are gathered around a handstand .	0
two men climbing on a wooden scaffold .	group people are gathered around a receptionist .	0
two men climbing on a wooden scaffold .	two people are surrounding a wooden pillow .	0
two men climbing on a wooden scaffold .	two people are gathered around a vendor .	0
two men climbing on a wooden scaffold .	two people are gathered around a closed .	0
two men climbing on a wooden scaffold .	two people are purchasing a wooden mural .	0
two men climbing on a wooden scaffold .	two people are purchasing a bug .	0
two men climbing on a wooden scaffold .	two people are gathered around a cot .	0
two men climbing on a wooden scaffold .	two people are gathered around a bazaar .	0
two men climbing on a wooden scaffold .	two people are gathered around a blackberry .	0
two men climbing on a wooden scaffold .	two people are gathered around a mouse .	0
two men climbing on a wooden scaffold .	two people are gathered around a closed .	0
two men climbing on a wooden scaffold .	two people are on a shelter building .	0
two men climbing on a wooden scaffold .	two people are gathered around a roadside .	0
two men climbing on a wooden scaffold .	two people are gathered around a wall .	0
two men climbing on a wooden scaffold .	a women together on a motor .	2
two men climbing on a wooden scaffold .	two men are beating on a castle .	2
two men climbing on a wooden scaffold .	two women are gathered on a seesaw .	2
two men climbing on a wooden scaffold .	two men are beating a lightly .	2
two men climbing on a wooden scaffold .	two women are gathered on a wall .	2
two men climbing on a wooden scaffold .	two men are constructing on a snowstorm .	2
two men climbing on a wooden scaffold .	two women are inside of bicyclists .	2
two men climbing on a wooden scaffold .	two men are physically on a scaffold .	2
two men climbing on a wooden scaffold .	two women are gathered on a wall .	2
two men climbing on a wooden scaffold .	two women are on a swingset building .	2
two men climbing on a wooden scaffold .	two women are gathered on a wall .	2
two men climbing on a wooden scaffold .	two women are gathered on a scaffold .	2
two men climbing on a wooden scaffold .	two men are beating on a wall .	2
two men climbing on a wooden scaffold .	two women are gathered around a screen .	2
two men climbing on a wooden scaffold .	two men are enters on a strangers .	2
two men climbing on a wooden scaffold .	two women are gathered on a wall .	2
two men climbing on a wooden scaffold .	two women are on a wooden swingset .	2
two men climbing on a wooden scaffold .	two outdoor individuals are outdoors competing in progress	1
two men climbing on a wooden scaffold .	two spectators men are outdoors on a shelter .	1
two men climbing on a wooden scaffold .	two outdoor men are outdoors sunbathe around marathon	1
two men climbing on a wooden scaffold .	two art men are moving down a wall .	1
two men climbing on a wooden scaffold .	two professional men are outdoors up under homes .	1
two men climbing on a wooden scaffold .	two married men are moving a small fun .	1
two men climbing on a wooden scaffold .	two individuals men are moving down a wall .	1
two men climbing on a wooden scaffold .	two actors has a referee on a bucket .	1
two men climbing on a wooden scaffold .	two individuals men are outdoors competing in boat .	1
two men climbing on a wooden scaffold .	two outdoor men are outdoors doing a water day	1
two men climbing on a wooden scaffold .	two feet men are outdoors on a wall .	1
two men climbing on a wooden scaffold .	two individuals men are talking on a building .	1
two men climbing on a wooden scaffold .	two soccer females to go there a cloud .	1
two men climbing on a wooden scaffold .	two outdoor men are outdoors around a bagel .	1
two men climbing on a wooden scaffold .	two professional men are going around a umbrellas .	1
two men climbing on a wooden scaffold .	two bicycle trying to stay are in progress .	1
two men climbing on a wooden scaffold .	two outdoor men are outdoors treating a penalty .	1
two men climbing on a wooden scaffold .	two individuals men are moving on a castle project	1
two men climbing on a wooden scaffold .	two professional men are going upright a microphone .	1
two men climbing on a wooden scaffold .	two actors men are outdoors within a carriage	1
two men climbing on a wooden scaffold .	two actors men are outdoors for a company event	1
two men climbing on a wooden scaffold .	two actors men are outdoors reading a planter .	1
two men climbing on a wooden scaffold .	two individuals men are seen in a quad	1
two men climbing on a wooden scaffold .	two professional women are going on a wall .	1
this child is on the library steps .	the child is on the equipment . <oov>	0
this child is on the library steps .	the child is on the steps .	0
this child is on the library steps .	the child is on the steps .	0
this child is on the library steps .	the child is on the steps .	0
this child is on the library steps .	the child is on the steps .	0
this child is on the library steps .	the child is on the steps .	0
this child is on the library steps .	the child is on the steps .	0
this child is on the library steps .	the child is on the steps .	0
this child is on the library steps .	the child is on the moon .	0
this child is on the library steps .	the child is on the steps .	0
this child is on the library steps .	the child is on the steps .	0
this child is on the library steps .	the child is on the steps .	0
this child is on the library steps .	the child is on the steps .	0
this child is on the library steps .	the child is on the steps .	0
this child is on the library steps .	the child is on the steps .	0
this child is on the library steps .	the child is on the steps .	0
this child is on the library steps .	the child is on the steps .	0
this child is on the library steps .	the child is on the steps .	0
this child is on the library steps .	the child is on the steps .	0
this child is on the library steps .	the child is on the steps .	0
this child is on the library steps .	the child is on the steps .	0
this child is on the library steps .	the child is on the steps .	0
this child is on the library steps .	the child is on the steps .	0
this child is on the library steps .	the child is on the steps . fall	0
this child is on the library steps .	the child is on the steps .	0
this child is on the library steps .	the child is on the steps .	0
this child is on the library steps .	the child is on the steps .	0
this child is on the library steps .	the child is on the steps .	0
this child is on the library steps .	the child is on the steps . to	0
this child is on the library steps .	the child is on the steps .	0
this child is on the library steps .	the child is on the steps . to	0
this child is on the library steps .	the child is on the steps .	0
this child is on the library steps .	the child is on the steps .	0
this child is on the library steps .	the child is on the steps .	0
this child is on the library steps .	the child is on the crowd .	0
this child is on the library steps .	the child is on the steps .	0
this child is on the library steps .	the child is on the steps .	0
a newlywed couple laughing and talking amongst themselves .	a man is putting . is the	2
a newlywed couple laughing and talking amongst themselves .	a man is shaping . is	2
a newlywed couple laughing and talking amongst themselves .	the man is hurting . is	2
a newlywed couple laughing and talking amongst themselves .	the man is sneezing . started	2
a newlywed couple laughing and talking amongst themselves .	the man is parked .	2
a newlywed couple laughing and talking amongst themselves .	the man is returning .	2
a newlywed couple laughing and talking amongst themselves .	the man is stealing . at it	2
a goofy looking woman is singing on stage .	a woman is yelling playing rotten goal	2
a goofy looking woman is singing on stage .	a woman is yelling playing over the hand .	2
a goofy looking woman is singing on stage .	a woman is yelling dr. outside	2
a goofy looking woman is singing on stage .	a woman is yelling playing her mother	2
a goofy looking woman is singing on stage .	a woman is yelling lost on the work .	2
a goofy looking woman is singing on stage .	a woman is yelling playing down the instrument	2
a goofy looking woman is singing on stage .	a woman is yelling playing down her snowballs .	2
a goofy looking woman is singing on stage .	a woman is my doesnt for his skiier .	2
a goofy looking woman is singing on stage .	a woman is yelling playing on the grill	2
a goofy looking woman is singing on stage .	a woman is yelling physically to catch	2
a goofy looking woman is singing on stage .	a woman is yelling at her set dancefloor .	2
a goofy looking woman is singing on stage .	a woman is yelling playing inside interaction	2
a goofy looking woman is singing on stage .	a woman is yelling playing down her punches .	2
a goofy looking woman is singing on stage .	a boy is yelling playing inside the list .	2
a goofy looking woman is singing on stage .	a woman is yelling playing with black ski	2
a goofy looking woman is singing on stage .	a baby is dress cooked on the grill .	2
a goofy looking woman is singing on stage .	a woman is yelling tugging for his boyfriend .	2
a goofy looking woman is singing on stage .	a boy is yelling applauding for the sausages .	2
a dog standing near snow looking at water .	animal is outdoors . is	0
a dog standing near snow looking at water .	animal is outdoors .	0
a dog standing near snow looking at water .	animal is outdoors . outside	0
a dog standing near snow looking at water .	animal is outdoors .	0
a dog standing near snow looking at water .	animal is outdoors . cops is	0
a dog standing near snow looking at water .	animal is outdoors . is	0
a dog standing near snow looking at water .	animal is outdoors . to	0
a dog standing near snow looking at water .	animal is outdoors .	0
a dog standing near snow looking at water .	animal is outdoors . is	0
a dog standing near snow looking at water .	boy is outdoors . to quickly water	0
a dog standing near snow looking at water .	animal is outdoors . to	0
a dog standing near snow looking at water .	animal is outdoors . is	0
a dog standing near snow looking at water .	animal is outdoors .	0
a dog standing near snow looking at water .	animal is outdoors .	0
a dog standing near snow looking at water .	animal is outdoors . is	0
a dog standing near snow looking at water .	animal is outdoors . mob	0
a dog standing near snow looking at water .	bright is outdoors . is	0
a dog standing near snow looking at water .	animal is outdoors . to	0
a dog standing near snow looking at water .	animal is outdoors . is	0
a dog standing near snow looking at water .	animal is outdoors . is	0
a dog standing near snow looking at water .	quietly outdoors drivers . is professional	0
a dog standing near snow looking at water .	animal is outdoors . bored	0
a dog standing near snow looking at water .	animal is outdoors . to	0
a dog standing near snow looking at water .	animal is outdoors . people	0
a dog standing near snow looking at water .	animal is outdoors . not	0
a dog standing near snow looking at water .	animal is outdoors . is	0
a dog standing near snow looking at water .	animal is outdoors .	0
a dog standing near snow looking at water .	why is outdoors .	0
a dog standing near snow looking at water .	consults stands outdoors . .	0
a dog standing near snow looking at water .	fighting is outdoors . to ride	0
a dog standing near snow looking at water .	animal is outdoors . is	0
a dog standing near snow looking at water .	animal is outdoors . is	0
a dog standing near snow looking at water .	animal is outdoors . grinding	0
a dog standing near snow looking at water .	animal is outdoors . is	0
a dog standing near snow looking at water .	animal is outdoors . is	0
a dog standing near snow looking at water .	hiking is waiting outdoors . .	0
a dog standing near snow looking at water .	animal is outdoors . is	0
a dog standing near snow looking at water .	animal is outdoors . is	0
a dog standing near snow looking at water .	animal is outdoors . quietly	0
a dog standing near snow looking at water .	animal is outdoors . horizontal	0
two men prepare a fish at a dock .	two men are cleaning their apartment art .	0
two men prepare a fish at a dock .	two men are cleaning their ears my it .	0
two men prepare a fish at a dock .	two men are cleaning their fish controlled property .	0
two men prepare a fish at a dock .	two men are cleaning out with their vacation .	0
two men prepare a fish at a dock .	two men are cleaning chess their imagination olympics .	0
two men prepare a fish at a dock .	two men are cleaning their purchase lays .	0
two men prepare a fish at a dock .	two men are cleaning their markings awards .	0
two men prepare a fish at a dock .	two men are cleaning out while bought .	0
two men prepare a fish at a dock .	two men are cleaning out while onlookers shoulders .	0
two men prepare a fish at a dock .	two men are cleaning their fish cheers	0
two men prepare a fish at a dock .	two men are cleaning their fish stationary .	0
two men prepare a fish at a dock .	two men are cleaning out while sailing out .	0
two men prepare a fish at a dock .	two men are cleaning their fish assisted	0
a biker races .	a person is riding a bike	0
a biker races .	a person is riding a bike	0
a biker races .	the car is yellow belts	2
a biker races .	the car is yellow .	2
a biker races .	the motorcycle is yellow motionless .	2
a biker races .	the vw is yellow .	2
a biker races .	the vw is yellow vine .	2
a man playing billiards at a bar .	a man is playing with water .	1
a man playing billiards at a bar .	a man is playing with friends . of	1
a man playing billiards at a bar .	a man is playing with friends .	1
a man playing billiards at a bar .	a man is playing with friends . of	1
a man playing billiards at a bar .	a man is playing with friends .	1
a man playing billiards at a bar .	a man is playing with friends .	1
a man playing billiards at a bar .	a man is playing with friends . wheelbarrow	1
a man playing billiards at a bar .	a man is playing with friends .	1
a man playing billiards at a bar .	a man is playing with friends .	1
a man playing billiards at a bar .	a man is playing with friends .	1
a man playing billiards at a bar .	a man is playing with friends .	1
a man playing billiards at a bar .	a man is playing with friends .	1
a man playing billiards at a bar .	a man is playing with friends .	1
a man playing billiards at a bar .	a man is playing with friends .	1
a man playing billiards at a bar .	a man is playing with friends .	1
a man playing billiards at a bar .	a man is playing billiards . teller yorkie	0
a man playing billiards at a bar .	a dog is playing billiards . guitarists fireplace	0
a man playing billiards at a bar .	a dog is playing billiards . came boy	0
a man playing billiards at a bar .	a dog is playing billiards . is fox	0
a man playing billiards at a bar .	a man is playing billiards . not everyone	0
a man playing billiards at a bar .	a man is playing billiards . ` hang	0
a man playing billiards at a bar .	a dog is playing billiards . . `	0
a man playing billiards at a bar .	a dog is playing billiards . is assembled	0
a man playing billiards at a bar .	a man is graduating humans . is	0
a man playing billiards at a bar .	a man is playing billiards . is fox	0
a man playing billiards at a bar .	a dog is playing billiards . to a	0
a man playing billiards at a bar .	a man is indoors poses . people .	0
a man playing billiards at a bar .	a man is playing billiards . ` a	0
a man playing billiards at a bar .	a man is playing billiards . ` a	0
a man playing billiards at a bar .	a man is playing billiards . ` man	0
a man playing billiards at a bar .	a man is playing billiards . . `	0
a man playing billiards at a bar .	a man is two pirate . people .	0
a man playing billiards at a bar .	a man is playing billiards . ` barbies	0
a man playing billiards at a bar .	a dog is playing billiards . ` a	0
a man playing billiards at a bar .	a man is playing billiards . ` a	0
a man playing billiards at a bar .	a man is playing billiards . watching people	0
a man playing billiards at a bar .	a man is playing billiards . ` a	0
a man playing billiards at a bar .	a plays is indoors viewing .	0
a man playing billiards at a bar .	a man is playing billiards . pillar .	0
a man playing billiards at a bar .	a man is playing billiards . is assembled	0
a man playing billiards at a bar .	a dog is playing billiards . playset drunk hatchet	0
a man playing billiards at a bar .	a man is playing billiards . . `	0
a man playing billiards at a bar .	a family is near joke .	0
a man playing billiards at a bar .	a man is eighteen tool . keep is	0
a man playing billiards at a bar .	a dog is playing billiards . . is	0
a man playing billiards at a bar .	a family is near billiards . the fox	0
a man playing billiards at a bar .	a christian plays a billiards . is fox	0
a man playing billiards at a bar .	a dog is playing billiards . springtime children a	0
a man playing billiards at a bar .	a dog is playing billiards . to a	0
a man playing billiards at a bar .	a man is playing billiards . ` peeks	0
a man playing billiards at a bar .	a dog is playing billiards . to a	0
a man playing billiards at a bar .	a man is near to . donkeys <oov>	2
a man playing billiards at a bar .	a man is exact horns . turkey	2
a man playing billiards at a bar .	a man is ending to . . a	2
a man playing billiards at a bar .	a man is playing checkers .	2
a man playing billiards at a bar .	a man is playing checkers .	2
a man playing billiards at a bar .	a man is near premier . <oov>	2
a man playing billiards at a bar .	a man is playing checkers .	2
a man playing billiards at a bar .	a man is near pavement . people	2
a man playing billiards at a bar .	a man is near mirrored . people .	2
a man playing billiards at a bar .	a man is near buying . a	2
a man playing billiards at a bar .	a man is playing checkers .	2
two men are standing in a boat .	a poodle plays out on a ice sleeping	1
two men are standing in a boat .	a three man holds fishing on a boat .	1
two men are standing in a boat .	a few men are fishing on a boat	1
two men are standing in a boat .	a poodle plays are fishing on a boat .	1
two men are standing in a boat .	a three complected are fishing on a boat .	1
two men are standing in a boat .	a three man are fishing on a boat .	1
two men are standing in a boat .	a balance men transporting an interesting red blanket .	1
two men are standing in a boat .	a three man dances an red color on .	1
two men are standing in a boat .	a three man are fishing on a boat .	1
two men are standing in a boat .	a few men are fishing on a boat .	1
two men are standing in a boat .	a flock man snowpants an <oov> compete on .	1
two men are standing in a boat .	a few men are fishing on a boat .	1
two men are standing in a boat .	a few men are fishing on a boat	1
two men are standing in a boat .	a few men are fishing on a boat .	1
two men are standing in a boat .	a three elder are fishing on a boat .	1
two men are standing in a boat .	a few men are fishing on a boat .	1
two men are standing in a boat .	a three man holds onto on a boat .	1
two men are standing in a boat .	a three man are fishing on a boat .	1
two men are standing in a boat .	a few men are fishing on a boat .	1
two men are standing in a boat .	a three man accepts an red tongue on .	1
two men are standing in a boat .	a three man dances an red leotard on cloths	1
two men are standing in a boat .	a few men are fishing on a boat .	1
two men are standing in a boat .	a few men are fishing on a boat horse	1
two men are standing in a boat .	a zombie man fishing together on a boat .	1
two men are standing in a boat .	a three man are fishing on a boat .	1
two men are standing in a boat .	the people are on a roadside .	0
two men are standing in a boat .	some people are a a red .	0
two men are standing in a boat .	some people are eating a red .	0
two men are standing in a boat .	the people are on a chairlift .	0
two men are standing in a boat .	some people are a a red .	0
two men are standing in a boat .	the people are on a sniper .	0
two men are standing in a boat .	some people are on a manhole .	0
two men are standing in a boat .	some people are in a boat . to	0
two men are standing in a boat .	the woman has a red nudists . children	0
two men are standing in a boat .	the people are on a lawn .	0
two men are standing in a boat .	some people are on a roaring . from	0
two men are standing in a boat .	some people are a a red tattoos .	0
two men are standing in a boat .	the people are on a pew .	0
two men are standing in a boat .	some people are a a red sheet .	0
two men are standing in a boat .	some people are in a boat .	0
two men are standing in a boat .	the people are in a boat .	0
two men are standing in a boat .	some people are on a chairlift . about	0
several women are playing volleyball .	a muslim people are playing a volleyball game .	0
several women are playing volleyball .	a dogs of one are eating a bat	0
several women are playing volleyball .	a muslim people running for a crocodile man .	0
several women are playing volleyball .	a muslim people are standing near the beach .	0
several women are playing volleyball .	a bunch of women are watching a lady .	0
several women are playing volleyball .	a bunch of people are playing a volleyball game	0
several women are playing volleyball .	a bunch of people are playing a volleyball .	0
several women are playing volleyball .	a bunch of men are near the situation	0
several women are playing volleyball .	a bunch of women are playing volleyball lane .	0
several women are playing volleyball .	a group of and a female are happy	0
several women are playing volleyball .	a group of women are playing near volleyball .	0
several women are playing volleyball .	a waterskier of people are playing a volleyball game	0
several women are playing volleyball .	a group of women are playing near volleyball	0
several women are playing volleyball .	a bunch of people are playing volleyball wii .	0
several women are playing volleyball .	a bunch of people are near a fumble .	0
several women are playing volleyball .	a bunch of the men are near brochure .	0
several women are playing volleyball .	a bunch of people are watching a keg .	0
several women are playing volleyball .	a man cuts of the gray hair dryer .	0
several women are playing volleyball .	a bunch of people are playing a volleyball	0
a middle eastern marketplace .	an american cat . .	2
a middle eastern marketplace .	an american focus .	2
a middle eastern marketplace .	an army physical pleased .	2
a middle eastern marketplace .	an american tree branch . at a	2
a middle eastern marketplace .	an american cat . .	2
a middle eastern marketplace .	an object marks player .	2
a middle eastern marketplace .	an american drank cat . .	2
a middle eastern marketplace .	an swimming nhl . . .	2
a middle eastern marketplace .	an american cat . .	2
a middle eastern marketplace .	a dark applies wizard . . turkey patrol	0
a middle eastern marketplace .	a huge artist . . . turkey	0
a middle eastern marketplace .	a strip admiring tomorrow .	0
a middle eastern marketplace .	a bank calmly . is	0
a middle eastern marketplace .	a dark separately . . .	0
a middle eastern marketplace .	a dark exercises .	0
a middle eastern marketplace .	a dark metro celebrate . is drying	0
a middle eastern marketplace .	a dodgers driving straight . turkey	0
a middle eastern marketplace .	a huge artist . . a .	0
a middle eastern marketplace .	a dark lectures airplane . a	0
a middle eastern marketplace .	a grandfather attracts horses . .	0
a middle eastern marketplace .	a dark metro .	0
a middle eastern marketplace .	a grandfather studying lot . attach	0
a middle eastern marketplace .	a grandfather store . . turkey	0
a middle eastern marketplace .	a huge left-handed turf .	0
a middle eastern marketplace .	a awaits slip . . .	0
a middle eastern marketplace .	a dark native dances . ` footwear	0
a middle eastern marketplace .	a campsite lounges indoors . . `	0
a middle eastern marketplace .	a dark signals .	0
a middle eastern marketplace .	a huge artist . . is	0
a middle eastern marketplace .	a dark project .	0
a middle eastern marketplace .	a dark inmates hula-hoop .	0
a middle eastern marketplace .	a dark maneuvering .	0
a middle eastern marketplace .	a dark metro sparring . to	0
a middle eastern marketplace .	a dark airplane . . .	0
a middle eastern marketplace .	a power state income . , patrol	0
a middle eastern marketplace .	a rabbit model objects . ` peach	0
a middle eastern marketplace .	a grandfather los . is a	0
a middle eastern marketplace .	a grandfather destruction .	0
a middle eastern marketplace .	a grandfather mover sparring . ` peach	0
a golden retriever nurses puppies .	a starving shines move in glass indian naked .	1
a golden retriever nurses puppies .	a golden retriever full some moment in glass .	1
a golden retriever nurses puppies .	a coworker poses of <oov> people celtics spot .	1
a golden retriever nurses puppies .	a collection poses also in period mysterious box	1
a golden retriever nurses puppies .	a starving books together some dogs is visible .	1
a golden retriever nurses puppies .	a gentleman poses for some soldiers dogs ate .	1
a golden retriever nurses puppies .	a golden retriever about her grocery in trails .	1
a golden retriever nurses puppies .	a pianist screaming pieces own <oov> made dies .	1
a golden retriever nurses puppies .	a golden retriever sharing some dogs in stage .	1
a golden retriever nurses puppies .	a location begins of information in descent glass	1
a golden retriever nurses puppies .	a gentleman poses for some than dogs talking .	1
a golden retriever nurses puppies .	a mystery sunbathing of seagulls people in glass .	1
a golden retriever nurses puppies .	a dig crowd of elephant while twelve roots .	1
a golden retriever nurses puppies .	a portrait climber something along in town .	1
a golden retriever nurses puppies .	a photograph about her nail in giant jack .	1
a golden retriever nurses puppies .	a climber mourns quickly chewing in miles train .	1
a golden retriever nurses puppies .	a golden retriever swims <oov> under other ripe ?	1
a golden retriever nurses puppies .	a crowd scaling labs of around lacrosse brother .	1
a golden retriever nurses puppies .	a golden retriever swims <oov> under other ducks .	1
a golden retriever nurses puppies .	a buddhist full of around people march finger .	1
a golden retriever nurses puppies .	a chubby climber of fetches people with goggles up	1
a golden retriever nurses puppies .	she is joy to their seagull .	0
a golden retriever nurses puppies .	someone is harnessed outside the mourning .	0
a golden retriever nurses puppies .	she is feeding his mother .	0
a golden retriever nurses puppies .	someone is smoking outside the softball .	0
a golden retriever nurses puppies .	man is eager outside the bronze .	0
a golden retriever nurses puppies .	the man is outside the hamburger .	0
a golden retriever nurses puppies .	people dudes to ride their go-karts .	0
a golden retriever nurses puppies .	the man is outside the jumper .	0
a golden retriever nurses puppies .	the man is outside the danger .	0
a golden retriever nurses puppies .	it one is outside the nails .	0
a golden retriever nurses puppies .	the man is outside the decoration .	0
a golden retriever nurses puppies .	man and complex outside down the ground	0
a golden retriever nurses puppies .	the man is outside the beer .	0
a golden retriever nurses puppies .	she is warming outside the beer .	0
a golden retriever nurses puppies .	she is strumming outside the tattoo .	0
a golden retriever nurses puppies .	someone is strumming outside the red .	0
a golden retriever nurses puppies .	she is strumming the outside banquet .	0
a golden retriever nurses puppies .	she is strumming to their posters .	0
a golden retriever nurses puppies .	the man is outside the forrest .	0
a golden retriever nurses puppies .	she is strumming outside the beer .	0
a golden retriever nurses puppies .	<oov> sidewalk is quietly the hers .	0
a golden retriever nurses puppies .	she is strumming to their parents .	0
a golden retriever nurses puppies .	the man is outside the nighttime .	0
a golden retriever nurses puppies .	the man is outside the kitchen .	0
a golden retriever nurses puppies .	someone smoking is outside the forrest .	0
a golden retriever nurses puppies .	someone just on the metal instrument .	0
a golden retriever nurses puppies .	man is batting outside the forrest .	0
a golden retriever nurses puppies .	the man is outside the banquet .	0
a golden retriever nurses puppies .	she is strumming outside the red .	0
a golden retriever nurses puppies .	a cat dogs wanders flies	2
children in yellow sports uniforms climbing a tower .	a woman smiling stays among herself .	1
children in yellow sports uniforms climbing a tower .	a woman smiling towards any weight .	1
children in yellow sports uniforms climbing a tower .	a woman smiling n thier flowers .	1
children in yellow sports uniforms climbing a tower .	the woman is empty dark up .	1
children in yellow sports uniforms climbing a tower .	a woman drinks n't be dead .	1
children in yellow sports uniforms climbing a tower .	a woman shows wood that oboe .	1
children in yellow sports uniforms climbing a tower .	a woman smiling child puts flowers .	1
children in yellow sports uniforms climbing a tower .	a woman drinks pays down moving .	1
children in yellow sports uniforms climbing a tower .	a woman smiling towards dark flowers .	1
children in yellow sports uniforms climbing a tower .	a woman is peering among students .	1
children in yellow sports uniforms climbing a tower .	a woman bites exists blank strainer .	1
children in yellow sports uniforms climbing a tower .	a woman is extinguish among flowers .	1
children in yellow sports uniforms climbing a tower .	a woman is peering photographed airport .	1
children in yellow sports uniforms climbing a tower .	a woman and martial bridesmaids outside .	1
children in yellow sports uniforms climbing a tower .	a woman smiling baked near building .	1
children in yellow sports uniforms climbing a tower .	a woman empty age lighting around .	1
children in yellow sports uniforms climbing a tower .	a woman stays martial arts students .	1
children in yellow sports uniforms climbing a tower .	a woman approach martial arts students .	1
children in yellow sports uniforms climbing a tower .	a woman drinks completing boxers dead .	1
children in yellow sports uniforms climbing a tower .	a woman smiling packs among .	1
children in yellow sports uniforms climbing a tower .	a woman is scooping smoke who . to	1
children in yellow sports uniforms climbing a tower .	a woman smiling colours force monitor . a	1
children in yellow sports uniforms climbing a tower .	a woman walker martial arts students .	1
children in yellow sports uniforms climbing a tower .	a woman drinks chat stands juggle .	1
children in yellow sports uniforms climbing a tower .	a woman is peering among students .	1
children in yellow sports uniforms climbing a tower .	a woman smiling lands near sandals .	1
children in yellow sports uniforms climbing a tower .	a woman is flexing nice who .	1
children in yellow sports uniforms climbing a tower .	the woman smiling against region left .	1
children in yellow sports uniforms climbing a tower .	the woman never life matching bike .	1
children in yellow sports uniforms climbing a tower .	a woman drinks ina any place .	1
children in yellow sports uniforms climbing a tower .	a woman stays martial arts students .	1
children in yellow sports uniforms climbing a tower .	a woman smiling photographed sit frowns .	1
children in yellow sports uniforms climbing a tower .	a woman is anchor off paper .	1
children in yellow sports uniforms climbing a tower .	a woman just struck an indian .	1
children in yellow sports uniforms climbing a tower .	a woman smiling swoops near sandals .	1
children in yellow sports uniforms climbing a tower .	a woman smiling have among flowers .	1
children in yellow sports uniforms climbing a tower .	a woman smiling builds condition notes .	1
children in yellow sports uniforms climbing a tower .	a woman topped martial arts students .	1
children in yellow sports uniforms climbing a tower .	a woman drinks any jello outdoors .	1
children in yellow sports uniforms climbing a tower .	a woman sticks martial arts students .	1
children in yellow sports uniforms climbing a tower .	the boys is below in sand .	2
children in yellow sports uniforms climbing a tower .	the boys is in sand .	2
children in yellow sports uniforms climbing a tower .	the man is fruits in pajamas .	2
children in yellow sports uniforms climbing a tower .	the chef is rounding in . 've	2
children in yellow sports uniforms climbing a tower .	the boys is beating in sand .	2
children in yellow sports uniforms climbing a tower .	the guide is defensive in sand . cuddle	2
children in yellow sports uniforms climbing a tower .	the boys is monitoring in pajamas .	2
children in yellow sports uniforms climbing a tower .	the boys is on a track . tickling	2
children in yellow sports uniforms climbing a tower .	the boys is in pajamas . marry	2
children in yellow sports uniforms climbing a tower .	the bar is inspect focused .	2
children in yellow sports uniforms climbing a tower .	the man is launching in competition .	2
children in yellow sports uniforms climbing a tower .	the boat is in sand .	2
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	they are in asia . outdoors	1
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	they are in swimsuit . a	1
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	they are in traditional . across	1
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	they are in swimsuit . a	1
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	they are in asia . mob	1
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	they are in asia . to	1
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	they are in swimsuit . a	1
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	they are in trunks . across	1
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	they are in hawaii . <oov> blade	1
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	they are in swimsuit .	1
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	they are in asia . of a	1
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	they are in hawaii . splash turkey	1
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	they are in hawaii . people	1
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	they are in swimsuit . a	1
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	they are in bar . outside	1
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	they are in flour . carts	1
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	they are in asia . to	1
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	they are in swimsuit . a	1
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	they are in bar . people	1
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	they are in swimsuit . move	1
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	they are in swimsuit . a	1
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	they are in swimsuit . a	1
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	they are in swimsuit . to	1
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	they are in asia . a	1
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	they are in separating . a	1
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	they are in france .	1
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	they are in wheelchairs . tips	1
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	they are in love .	1
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	a girls group is around at the beach .	2
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	a girls group is posing at the beach .	2
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	a tan is sleeping to in the nuns	2
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	a tan of people wearing the white sofa	2
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	a girls group is around to swim festival .	2
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	a tan of people is talking at tea .	2
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	a tan of people to animals in worship .	2
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	a girls group is laying to at player .	2
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	a girls is rolling to in a tea .	2
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	a girls group is around at the beach	2
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	a tan of people wearing the white daisy .	2
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	a girls is walking down at the beach .	2
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	a tan of people is talking the beach	2
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	a girls is sleeping to at the tourists .	2
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	a girls group is doing to at ymca	2
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	a girls was not talking to the beach .	2
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	a inspector is sleeping to at the slots .	2
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	a tan of people to suits in name women	2
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	a girls group is pants to at dusk .	2
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	a tan of people wearing a white sofa .	2
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	there is only people going to the moat .	2
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	a tan of people is watching the ball	2
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	there is a male talking at the beach	2
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	a girls group is chasing to the nuns catch	2
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	a girls is sleeping around at the beach .	2
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	there is a dog outdoors to move at jane	2
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	a tan man is shredding to the festival .	2
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	there is a hysterically shirt at the beach	2
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	a doberman is sleeping for to one man	2
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	a tan of people to keep the party .	2
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	a tan of people to at the seaside .	2
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	a tan of people to hard at tile .	2
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	a tan of people is watching the ball .	2
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	a tan of people is watching the ball .	2
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	a painter man panting barrels .	0
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	there football woman created cashier . <oov>	0
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	there were two ruins buildings .	0
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	there patrol flys 's time . peach	0
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	there were sanitation two buildings . having	0
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	a smokey street learning feat . <oov>	0
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	a smokey street hot holiday . <oov>	0
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	there were two dozen buildings . to	0
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	there were multiple dogs present .	0
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	there goats of narrow dogs . <oov>	0
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	there are multiple dogs downstairs .	0
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	a parent of eight puppies . burn	0
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	a crates dogs running upstairs . a	0
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	there are multiple dogs stores . across man	0
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	a naps eats dogs are .	0
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	there were woman with literature . jumps a	0
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	a giraffe entertains of puppies .	0
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	a owner of eight boys . people skateboarder	0
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	there are multiple dogs exposed . .	0
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	there were shadows of kids . peope	0
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	a smokey street have recliner . a	0
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	a smokey street with flames . a	0
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	there are multiple dogs film . <oov> newlyweds	0
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	a human walking learning cashier .	0
some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	a tan of thomas dogs . blend	0
a crowded city street with lots of pedestrians .	a snowboarding of yawns on the pavement .	1
a crowded city street with lots of pedestrians .	a wall is helped down his bike .	1
a crowded city street with lots of pedestrians .	a dog was carries down an <oov> .	1
a crowded city street with lots of pedestrians .	a dog was taken up behind fingers .	1
a crowded city street with lots of pedestrians .	a snowboarding is stalking reenactment on the house	1
a crowded city street with lots of pedestrians .	a dog was catches which behind bracelets .	1
a crowded city street with lots of pedestrians .	a dog was taken up behind the .	1
a crowded city street with lots of pedestrians .	a snowboarding of beer is rails on .	1
a crowded city street with lots of pedestrians .	a dog was employed on the wild .	1
a crowded city street with lots of pedestrians .	a novice of athletes is peddling down .	1
a crowded city street with lots of pedestrians .	a dog was chasing adult the vw .	1
a crowded city street with lots of pedestrians .	a library was preparing veil down the racetrack	1
a crowded city street with lots of pedestrians .	a child sits is comfortably on the house .	1
a crowded city street with lots of pedestrians .	a dog was laying down main the lake	1
a crowded city street with lots of pedestrians .	a snowboarding of kayakers is on the lake .	1
a crowded city street with lots of pedestrians .	a snowboarding of asia is on the bus .	1
a crowded city street with lots of pedestrians .	there is piles of beans and motorcycle .	1
a crowded city street with lots of pedestrians .	a dog was dolly messenger his bike .	1
a crowded city street with lots of pedestrians .	a dog was ironing sold on the porch .	1
a crowded city street with lots of pedestrians .	a dog was passage on the pavement .	1
a crowded city street with lots of pedestrians .	a wall is riding down behind and .	1
a crowded city street with lots of pedestrians .	a meteor is taller on the metal .	1
a crowded city street with lots of pedestrians .	a dog was chasing drivers and monkey .	1
a crowded city street with lots of pedestrians .	a bottle of peddles is slipping on .	1
a crowded city street with lots of pedestrians .	a snowboarding of quarters is mowing on .	1
a crowded city street with lots of pedestrians .	a dog was kiddie down behind and .	1
a crowded city street with lots of pedestrians .	a snowboarding is looming question on the house .	1
a crowded city street with lots of pedestrians .	there gets someone kicked on the road therapy .	0
a crowded city street with lots of pedestrians .	a fireman about their horses on the furniture .	0
a crowded city street with lots of pedestrians .	a fireman slices his object on the courthouse rail	0
a crowded city street with lots of pedestrians .	a lumberjack artist and her math his fiance .	0
a crowded city street with lots of pedestrians .	a moment spacesuit instructing his over a sailing .	0
a crowded city street with lots of pedestrians .	a seamstress moms their place on the bull .	0
a crowded city street with lots of pedestrians .	a fireman hops outside the on the weighing .	0
a crowded city street with lots of pedestrians .	a wealthy pose on the sign with onlookers	0
a crowded city street with lots of pedestrians .	a infant guards game outside on the surface .	0
a crowded city street with lots of pedestrians .	a train musician and over his horses show .	0
a crowded city street with lots of pedestrians .	a string lot dances on the paved system	0
a crowded city street with lots of pedestrians .	there are many students on the paved weeks .	0
a crowded city street with lots of pedestrians .	a seamstress have their cars around the shore .	0
a crowded city street with lots of pedestrians .	a fireman pick his over and her puppy .	0
a crowded city street with lots of pedestrians .	a gentleman kibble women on the playground rocks .	0
many children play in the water .	the woman is at nobody . <oov>	1
many children play in the water .	the woman is watching saber . man the	1
many children play in the water .	the woman is at snack .	1
many children play in the water .	the woman is at circling . <oov>	1
many children play in the water .	the woman is at camp . people	1
many children play in the water .	the woman is at stuff .	1
many children play in the water .	the woman is at nobody . the	1
many children play in the water .	the woman is to buy .	1
many children play in the water .	the woman is at marshmallows .	1
many children play in the water .	the woman is watching clothing . ` man	1
many children play in the water .	the woman is at stumbles . `	1
many children play in the water .	the boy is at science . note	1
many children play in the water .	the boy is at alaska .	1
many children play in the water .	the woman is watching protected . football is	1
many children play in the water .	the woman is at clothing . the	1
many children play in the water .	the woman is watching clothing . the man	1
many children play in the water .	the woman is at united . to	1
many children play in the water .	the woman is at bye . `	1
many children play in the water .	the woman is at preschool . used	1
many children play in the water .	the woman is at baseballs . to a	1
many children play in the water .	the woman is watching someone . <oov>	1
many children play in the water .	the woman is at corn . around	1
many children play in the water .	the woman is at beef .	1
many children play in the water .	the woman is at camp . people	1
many children play in the water .	the woman is at mother . woman	1
many children play in the water .	the woman is watching someone . to	1
many children play in the water .	the woman is at target . woman	1
many children play in the water .	the woman is at nursery . `	1
many children play in the water .	the woman is at help . the	1
many children play in the water .	the woman is at crosswalk . <oov>	1
many children play in the water .	the woman is at floaties . to	1
an old <oov> in his factory	the man is inside . a	0
an old <oov> in his factory	the man is inside . a	0
an old <oov> in his factory	the <oov> is inside . a	0
an old <oov> in his factory	the man is inside . a	0
an old <oov> in his factory	the man is inside . a	0
an old <oov> in his factory	the man is inside . a	0
an old <oov> in his factory	the man is inside . a turkey	0
an old <oov> in his factory	the man is inside . a	0
an old <oov> in his factory	the man is inside . a	0
an old <oov> in his factory	the man is inside . a	0
an old <oov> in his factory	the man is inside . a	0
an old <oov> in his factory	the man is inside . a	0
an old <oov> in his factory	the man is inside . a	0
an old <oov> in his factory	the man is inside . a	0
an old <oov> in his factory	the man is inside . a	0
an old <oov> in his factory	the man is inside . a	0
an old <oov> in his factory	the man is inside . a	0
an old <oov> in his factory	the man is inside . a	0
an old <oov> in his factory	the man is inside . a	0
an old <oov> in his factory	the man is inside . a	0
an old <oov> in his factory	the man is inside .	0
an old <oov> in his factory	the man is inside .	0
an old <oov> in his factory	the <oov> is inside . a	0
an old <oov> in his factory	the man is inside .	0
an old <oov> in his factory	the man is inside . a	0
an old <oov> in his factory	the man is inside . a	0
an old <oov> in his factory	the man is inside . a	0
an old <oov> in his factory	the man is inside . a	0
an old <oov> in his factory	the man is inside . a	0
an old <oov> in his factory	the man is inside . a	0
an old <oov> in his factory	the man is inside . a	0
an old <oov> in his factory	the man is inside . a	0
an old <oov> in his factory	the man is inside . a	0
an old <oov> in his factory	the <oov> is inside .	0
an old <oov> in his factory	the man is inside . a	0
an old <oov> in his factory	the man is inside . a	0
an old <oov> in his factory	the man is inside . a	0
an old <oov> in his factory	the <oov> is inside .	0
an old <oov> in his factory	the man is inside . a	0
an old <oov> in his factory	the man is inside . a	0
girl in red jumping up	a girl is jumping about to celebrate the ball	1
girl in red jumping up	a girl is jumping inside at the countryside .	1
girl in red jumping up	a girl is jumping about to dull steel .	1
girl in red jumping up	a girl is jumping about to use the ball	1
girl in red jumping up	a girl is jumping about to social the weather	1
girl in red jumping up	a girl is jumping about to laugh the friends	1
girl in red jumping up	a girl is jumping about to mosque halloween .	1
girl in red jumping up	a girl is jumping at it to escape .	1
girl in red jumping up	a girl is jumping to know the liquid .	1
girl in red jumping up	a girl is sitting on the grass logo .	2
girl in red jumping up	a girl is sitting on the grass wing .	2
girl in red jumping up	a girl is sitting on the grass .	2
girl in red jumping up	a girl is sitting on the grass range .	2
girl in red jumping up	a girl is sitting on the grass range	2
girl in red jumping up	a girl is sitting on the grass range .	2
girl in red jumping up	the girl is in front of the band .	0
girl in red jumping up	the girl is in a pail in dusty .	0
girl in red jumping up	the girl is in a retreat and closet .	0
girl in red jumping up	the girl is in a graveyard and dominoes .	0
girl in red jumping up	the girl is in a locker in traffic .	0
girl in red jumping up	the girl is in a rocket and sailboat .	0
girl in red jumping up	the girl is in a pocket and shower .	0
girl in red jumping up	the girl is in front of the phone .	0
girl in red jumping up	the girl is in thier in the air .	0
girl in red jumping up	the girl is in front of the lush .	0
girl in red jumping up	the girl is in front of the bike	0
girl in red jumping up	the girl is in a peak and shore .	0
girl in red jumping up	the girl is in a graveyard and fumble .	0
girl in red jumping up	the girl is in a theatre in phone	0
girl in red jumping up	the woman is in a middle-eastern and sculpting .	0
girl in red jumping up	the girl is in game in the field .	0
girl in red jumping up	the girl is in a heated and camo .	0
girl in red jumping up	the girl is in a salad and lonely .	0
girl in red jumping up	the girl is in a bathrobe in traffic	0
girl in red jumping up	the girl is in a craft and sailboat .	0
girl in red jumping up	the girl is in church in the air .	0
girl in red jumping up	the girl is in front of a bike	0
girl in red jumping up	the girl is in front of the traffic .	0
girl in red jumping up	the girl is in a pin and cleaning .	0
girl in red jumping up	the girl in the walks on a lake .	0
girl in red jumping up	the girl is in game in the field .	0
3 ladies with numbers on their shirts running .	there are ladies running . a	0
3 ladies with numbers on their shirts running .	a conference are german . a	0
3 ladies with numbers on their shirts running .	a jockeys are tourist .	0
3 ladies with numbers on their shirts running .	there are ladies running . a	0
3 ladies with numbers on their shirts running .	there are ladies running . a	0
3 ladies with numbers on their shirts running .	a ballroom play doubles .	0
3 ladies with numbers on their shirts running .	there are ladies running . a	0
3 ladies with numbers on their shirts running .	there are ladies running . a	0
3 ladies with numbers on their shirts running .	a parent are shouting .	0
3 ladies with numbers on their shirts running .	there are ladies running .	0
3 ladies with numbers on their shirts running .	there are ladies dunes . a	0
3 ladies with numbers on their shirts running .	there are ladies dolphins . from road	0
3 ladies with numbers on their shirts running .	there are ladies running . a	0
3 ladies with numbers on their shirts running .	there are ladies running . a	0
3 ladies with numbers on their shirts running .	there are ladies running . a	0
3 ladies with numbers on their shirts running .	there are ladies running . a	0
3 ladies with numbers on their shirts running .	there are ladies running . a	0
3 ladies with numbers on their shirts running .	a parent relaxes two .	0
3 ladies with numbers on their shirts running .	a jockeys relaxes two pillows . a	0
3 ladies with numbers on their shirts running .	there are ladies running . a	0
3 ladies with numbers on their shirts running .	there are ladies running . a	0
3 ladies with numbers on their shirts running .	there are ladies running . tips .	0
3 ladies with numbers on their shirts running .	there are ladies running . a	0
3 ladies with numbers on their shirts running .	there are ladies running . a	0
3 ladies with numbers on their shirts running .	there are ladies running . a	0
3 ladies with numbers on their shirts running .	there are ladies running . a	0
3 ladies with numbers on their shirts running .	there are ladies mop running .	0
3 ladies with numbers on their shirts running .	there are ladies running . a	0
3 ladies with numbers on their shirts running .	there are ladies running . a	0
3 ladies with numbers on their shirts running .	there are ladies running . a	0
3 ladies with numbers on their shirts running .	there are ladies running . a	0
3 ladies with numbers on their shirts running .	a policemen are landing . to	0
3 ladies with numbers on their shirts running .	buddy are german dolphins . a	0
3 ladies with numbers on their shirts running .	there are finished one . . turkey	0
3 ladies with numbers on their shirts running .	there are ladies decorate . <oov> martini	0
3 ladies with numbers on their shirts running .	there are uniformed rocks . a	0
four children are playing in some water .	the boy is muddy .	1
four children are playing in some water .	the children is muddy .	1
four children are playing in some water .	the children is shouting .	1
four children are playing in some water .	the boy is muddy .	1
four children are playing in some water .	the children is waterskiing .	1
four children are playing in some water .	the boy is muddy .	1
four children are playing in some water .	the children is muddy .	1
four children are playing in some water .	the children is angrily .	1
four children are playing in some water .	the children is shouting .	1
four children are playing in some water .	the children is angrily .	1
four children are playing in some water .	the boy is muddy .	1
four children are playing in some water .	the boy is angrily .	1
four children are playing in some water .	the boy is muddy .	1
four children are playing in some water .	the children is muddy .	1
four children are playing in some water .	the boy is muddy .	1
four children are playing in some water .	the children is shouting .	1
four children are playing in some water .	the boy is muddy .	1
four children are playing in some water .	the children is muddy .	1
four children are playing in some water .	the boy is bicycling . is	1
four children are playing in some water .	the boy is muddy .	1
four children are playing in some water .	the children is muddy .	1
four children are playing in some water .	the children is muddy .	1
four children are playing in some water .	the boy is muddy .	1
four children are playing in some water .	the children is muddy .	1
four children are playing in some water .	the boy is muddy .	1
four children are playing in some water .	the children is muddy .	1
four children are playing in some water .	the children is muddy .	1
four children are playing in some water .	the boy is balconies .	1
four children are playing in some water .	the children is muddy .	1
four children are playing in some water .	the boy is muddy .	1
four children are playing in some water .	the boy is wet .	0
four children are playing in some water .	the children eat some . is	0
four children are playing in some water .	the girl owns a prescription .	0
four children are playing in some water .	the children eat some .	0
four children are playing in some water .	the children catch fish . is	0
four children are playing in some water .	the boy in wet . .	0
four children are playing in some water .	the girl prepares wire .	0
four children are playing in some water .	the girl prepares cat .	0
four children are playing in some water .	a workers <oov> brick .	0
four children are playing in some water .	the children eat christmas .	0
four children are playing in some water .	the boy in wet . .	0
four children are playing in some water .	the girl prepares bugs . at	0
four children are playing in some water .	the children breakdancing <oov> .	0
four children are playing in some water .	the children eat wet .	0
four children are playing in some water .	the girl prepares waving .	0
four children are playing in some water .	the boy that enjoys time .	0
four children are playing in some water .	the shake white christmas .	0
four children are playing in some water .	the children that crashed .	0
four children are playing in some water .	the girl prepares waving .	0
four children are playing in some water .	the children keep wet .	0
four children are playing in some water .	the boy is wet .	0
four children are playing in some water .	the boy in wet . .	0
four children are playing in some water .	the children breakdancing wet .	0
four children are playing in some water .	the children eat christmas .	0
four children are playing in some water .	the girl involving rows .	0
four children are playing in some water .	the girl have eat .	0
four children are playing in some water .	the girl prepares outerwear .	0
four children are playing in some water .	the children eat annoyed .	0
four children are playing in some water .	the children anniversary tournament . to	0
four children are playing in some water .	the white person wet tomatoes .	0
four children are playing in some water .	the boy in wet . .	0
four children are playing in some water .	the girl involving wet .	0
four children are playing in some water .	children a wet enjoyable .	0
four children are playing in some water .	the boy that moves . <oov> slabs	0
four children are playing in some water .	the girl seems routine .	0
four children are playing in some water .	the children that sunday . to	0
four children are playing in some water .	the children inside are underwater .	0
four children are playing in some water .	the boy in wet . .	0
four children are playing in some water .	the girl prepares count .	0
four children are playing in some water .	the boy is wet .	0
four young girls playing in the water .	four girls are in the water .	0
four young girls playing in the water .	four girls are in the water .	0
four young girls playing in the water .	four girls are in the water .	0
four young girls playing in the water .	four girls are in the water . 's	0
four young girls playing in the water .	four girls are in the water .	0
four young girls playing in the water .	four girls are in the water .	0
four young girls playing in the water .	four girls are in the water .	0
four young girls playing in the water .	four girls are in the water .	0
four young girls playing in the water .	four girls are in the water .	0
four young girls playing in the water .	four girls are in the water .	0
four young girls playing in the water .	four girls are in the water .	0
four young girls playing in the water .	four girls are in the water . bags	0
four young girls playing in the water .	four girls are in the water .	0
four young girls playing in the water .	four girls are in the water .	0
four young girls playing in the water .	four girls are in the water .	0
four young girls playing in the water .	four girls are in the water .	0
four young girls playing in the water .	four girls are in the water .	0
four young girls playing in the water .	four girls are in the water .	0
four young girls playing in the water .	four girls are in the water .	0
four young girls playing in the water .	four girls are in the water . has	0
four young girls playing in the water .	picture walk for a hungry park .	0
four young girls playing in the water .	four girls are in the water .	0
four young girls playing in the water .	four girls are in the water .	0
four young girls playing in the water .	four girls are in the water . <oov>	0
four young girls playing in the water .	four girls are in the water .	0
four young girls playing in the water .	four girls are in the water .	0
four young girls playing in the water .	four girls are in the water . water	0
four young girls playing in the water .	four girls are in the water . to	0
four young girls playing in the water .	four girls are in the water .	0
four young girls playing in the water .	four girls are in the water .	0
four young girls playing in the water .	four girls are in the water .	0
four young girls playing in the water .	four girls are in the water . shiny	0
four young girls playing in the water .	four girls are in the water .	0
four young girls playing in the water .	four girls are in the water .	0
four young girls playing in the water .	four girls are in the water .	0
four young girls playing in the water .	four girls are in the water .	0
four young girls playing in the water .	four girls are in the water .	0
boys with their backs against an incoming wave .	a group is play the room in ocean	1
boys with their backs against an incoming wave .	a group is play around the street pool .	1
boys with their backs against an incoming wave .	a group is running playing the <oov> elevator .	1
boys with their backs against an incoming wave .	a group is running around the men trains .	1
boys with their backs against an incoming wave .	a man is possibly to fix . to	0
boys with their backs against an incoming wave .	a man is wearing a hat .	0
boys with their backs against an incoming wave .	a man is growing to imitate .	0
boys with their backs against an incoming wave .	a man is talking to pray . <oov>	0
boys with their backs against an incoming wave .	a man is sunbathing to row .	0
boys with their backs against an incoming wave .	a man is talking to closely .	0
boys with their backs against an incoming wave .	a man is working to speaking .	0
boys with their backs against an incoming wave .	a man is working studying together .	0
boys with their backs against an incoming wave .	a man is beads to fix .	0
boys with their backs against an incoming wave .	a man is wearing goggles clothes .	0
boys with their backs against an incoming wave .	a man is working to staff .	0
boys with their backs against an incoming wave .	a man is working to collect .	0
boys with their backs against an incoming wave .	a man is talking to case .	0
boys with their backs against an incoming wave .	a man is talking to club . at	0
boys with their backs against an incoming wave .	a man is moving to row .	0
boys with their backs against an incoming wave .	a man is wearing kimonos clothes .	0
boys with their backs against an incoming wave .	a man is wearing hat clothes .	0
boys with their backs against an incoming wave .	a man is wearing secured clothes .	0
boys with their backs against an incoming wave .	a man is working to poses .	0
boys with their backs against an incoming wave .	a man is talking to first .	0
boys with their backs against an incoming wave .	a man is readying to dance .	0
boys with their backs against an incoming wave .	a man is working for clothes .	0
boys with their backs against an incoming wave .	a man is working studying together .	0
boys with their backs against an incoming wave .	a man is working to speaking .	0
boys with their backs against an incoming wave .	a man is walking fast together . attach	0
boys with their backs against an incoming wave .	a man is wearing strange clothes .	0
boys with their backs against an incoming wave .	a man is working buying clothes .	0
boys with their backs against an incoming wave .	a man is talking to collect .	0
boys with their backs against an incoming wave .	a man is working around alone .	0
boys with their backs against an incoming wave .	a man is moving to install .	0
boys with their backs against an incoming wave .	a man is working difficult clothes . duck	0
boys with their backs against an incoming wave .	a man is walking to club . a	0
boys with their backs against an incoming wave .	a man is working currently together . toppings	0
boys with their backs against an incoming wave .	a man is working to cook .	0
boys with their backs against an incoming wave .	a man is talking to upward .	0
a hockey player in helmet .	the woman is soaking packaging .	2
a hockey player in helmet .	the woman is gambling clothes . `	2
a hockey player in helmet .	the woman is taking rest . black	2
a hockey player in helmet .	the woman is looked badly . the	2
biker riding through the forest .	he fills is pulling in asia stall .	1
biker riding through the forest .	he disinterested chasing another toy in .	1
biker riding through the forest .	mens brings grouped in a sleeping .	1
biker riding through the forest .	profile individuals 16 is in rackets .	1
biker riding through the forest .	he makes a brown on this bench .	1
biker riding through the forest .	mountain playing chess beside a street statue .	1
biker riding through the forest .	class throwing a leisurely in on .	1
biker riding through the forest .	green shield birth a community in sleeping .	1
biker riding through the forest .	he skips landed is in sleeping .	1
biker riding through the forest .	theres buttons males in a peak on .	1
biker riding through the forest .	handsome making a volkswagen in sleeping .	1
biker riding through the forest .	mountain buttons competes in a sleeping .	1
biker riding through the forest .	mountain four stars in a competitive race .	1
biker riding through the forest .	green cones mercedes in a holy .	1
biker riding through the forest .	most use bay around in vietnam sleeping .	1
biker riding through the forest .	he skips sent in a motocycle .	1
biker riding through the forest .	sailors named amsterdam in a sleeping .	1
biker riding through the forest .	local lifeguard males in a stall line .	1
biker riding through the forest .	mountain playing chess al in a race .	1
biker riding through the forest .	he places places with ribbons in .	1
biker riding through the forest .	mountain playing fight in a tournament .	1
biker riding through the forest .	fast giraffe moves in a sleeping .	1
biker riding through the forest .	mountain playing chess arrives in a race .	1
biker riding through the forest .	once knives is relaxing in a sleeping .	1
biker riding through the forest .	a child riding sideways outside . people	2
biker riding through the forest .	a child huddled on onions .	2
biker riding through the forest .	a child wishes down airplane .	2
biker riding through the forest .	a child lies on ink . is	2
biker riding through the forest .	a child loved what make-up . donkeys	2
biker riding through the forest .	a child riding right is . <oov>	2
biker riding through the forest .	a child being down indoors . fit	2
biker riding through the forest .	a child improving on material . <oov>	2
biker riding through the forest .	a child riding right is . a	2
biker riding through the forest .	a dog racing down around .	2
biker riding through the forest .	a child reads on his jersey . waits	2
biker riding through the forest .	a child being black airplane . is <oov>	2
biker riding through the forest .	a child being completely indoors . carts	2
biker riding through the forest .	a child lies on elephant .	2
biker riding through the forest .	a child being built on .	2
biker riding through the forest .	a child race around on .	2
biker riding through the forest .	a fisherman covered volunteering on .	2
biker riding through the forest .	a child going on ill . is	2
biker riding through the forest .	a man chops down indoors .	2
biker riding through the forest .	a child being completely on . to	2
biker riding through the forest .	a child going on teeter .	2
biker riding through the forest .	a child loved on saturday . people	2
biker riding through the forest .	a child being completely lessons . <oov>	2
biker riding through the forest .	a child going on loves . is	2
biker riding through the forest .	a child dumps completely on .	2
biker riding through the forest .	a child quietly soaked on .	2
biker riding through the forest .	a child being normal on .	2
biker riding through the forest .	a child going around on .	2
biker riding through the forest .	a child loved important speech .	2
biker riding through the forest .	a child engaged down around .	2
biker riding through the forest .	100 make the chunk to happen foliage .	1
biker riding through the forest .	guitarist statue is keeping the furry background .	1
biker riding through the forest .	most making to leave the engineers singer .	1
biker riding through the forest .	appropriate mountain to board the local fountains .	1
biker riding through the forest .	lion outside treks to die the wall .	1
biker riding through the forest .	susan returns at the variety rack stand .	1
biker riding through the forest .	farmers removed is the wild damaged uncle .	1
biker riding through the forest .	seven people setting to the coney island .	1
biker riding through the forest .	there farm is enjoying the local production .	1
biker riding through the forest .	there work is enjoying the local tourists .	1
biker riding through the forest .	farmers motorcycle is encouraging the local figures .	1
biker riding through the forest .	knife farm house to the wall .	1
biker riding through the forest .	weather motorcycle is enjoying the local puck .	1
biker riding through the forest .	most making violent to build the wall .	1
biker riding through the forest .	fire help by the summer workbench attractive .	1
biker riding through the forest .	sailors surrounding adolescent the seagulls nearby .	1
biker riding through the forest .	seven people wait to the scenic jungle .	1
biker riding through the forest .	grownups guard is enjoying the local poison .	1
biker riding through the forest .	farmers enjoying the winter idea to canoe .	1
a man and woman sitting on the sidewalk .	the man in a pair trunk .	0
a man and woman sitting on the sidewalk .	the man is woman a teens .	0
a man and woman sitting on the sidewalk .	the man in a grey jumps . some	0
a man and woman sitting on the sidewalk .	the man is in a bay .	0
a man and woman sitting on the sidewalk .	the man in a grey passes . thinks	0
a man and woman sitting on the sidewalk .	the man is woman a sack .	0
a man and woman sitting on the sidewalk .	the man in a blurry jumps .	0
a man and woman sitting on the sidewalk .	the man in a gray hovers .	0
a man and woman sitting on the sidewalk .	the man is in a grey .	0
a man and woman sitting on the sidewalk .	the man is woman sitting laundry .	0
a man and woman sitting on the sidewalk .	the man in a bag hamburger . <oov>	0
a man and woman sitting on the sidewalk .	the man is woman a halloween .	0
a man and woman sitting on the sidewalk .	the man is in a grey . of	0
a man and woman sitting on the sidewalk .	the man is in a jacket .	0
a man and woman sitting on the sidewalk .	the man in a pudding insect .	0
a man and woman sitting on the sidewalk .	the man is in a racer .	0
a man and woman sitting on the sidewalk .	the man is in a firing . cheer	0
a man and woman sitting on the sidewalk .	the man is in a jacket .	0
a man and woman sitting on the sidewalk .	the man in a bay jumper .	0
a man and woman sitting on the sidewalk .	the man is in a binder costume at	0
a man and woman sitting on the sidewalk .	the boy is in a act .	2
a man and woman sitting on the sidewalk .	the boy is in a pot .	2
a man and woman sitting on the sidewalk .	the man is in a box .	2
a man and woman sitting on the sidewalk .	the man is in a presentation .	2
a man and woman sitting on the sidewalk .	the boy is in a box .	2
a man and woman sitting on the sidewalk .	the man is in a presentation .	2
a man and woman sitting on the sidewalk .	the woman is in a presentation .	2
a man and woman sitting on the sidewalk .	the man is in a box .	2
a man and woman sitting on the sidewalk .	the man is in a box .	2
a man and woman sitting on the sidewalk .	the man is in a box .	2
a man and woman sitting on the sidewalk .	the man is in a presentation .	2
a man and woman sitting on the sidewalk .	the boy is in a box .	2
a man and woman sitting on the sidewalk .	the boy is in a box .	2
a man and woman sitting on the sidewalk .	the woman is in a box .	2
a man and woman sitting on the sidewalk .	the woman is in a recital .	2
a man and woman sitting on the sidewalk .	the man is woman standing upright .	2
a man and woman sitting on the sidewalk .	the boy is in a box .	2
a man and woman sitting on the sidewalk .	the man is in a box .	2
a man and woman sitting on the sidewalk .	the man is woman are touching .	2
a man and woman sitting on the sidewalk .	the boy is in a box .	2
a man and woman sitting on the sidewalk .	the woman is in a box . during	2
a man and woman sitting on the sidewalk .	the man is in a box .	2
a man and woman sitting on the sidewalk .	the woman is in a recital . ben	2
a man and woman sitting on the sidewalk .	the man is in a box .	2
a man and woman sitting on the sidewalk .	the man is in a cage . to	2
a man and woman sitting on the sidewalk .	the woman is in a presentation .	2
a man and woman sitting on the sidewalk .	the boy is in a post .	2
a man and woman sitting on the sidewalk .	the man is in a box .	2
a man and woman sitting on the sidewalk .	the man is woman bare recital .	2
a man and woman sitting on the sidewalk .	the man is woman seeking ton .	2
a man and woman sitting on the sidewalk .	the woman is in a presentation .	2
a man and woman sitting on the sidewalk .	the man is in a box .	2
a man and woman sitting on the sidewalk .	the man is in a box .	2
a man and woman sitting on the sidewalk .	the man is in a box .	2
a man and woman sitting on the sidewalk .	the boy is woman a presentation .	2
a man and woman sitting on the sidewalk .	the man is in a sweater .	2
a man and woman sitting on the sidewalk .	the boy is are eating lettuce .	1
a man and woman sitting on the sidewalk .	the woman is climing up park .	1
a man and woman sitting on the sidewalk .	the boy is are setting married .	1
a man and woman sitting on the sidewalk .	the boy is are eating dinner .	1
a man and woman sitting on the sidewalk .	the boy is are eating up .	1
a man and woman sitting on the sidewalk .	the woman is crawling in makeup .	1
a man and woman sitting on the sidewalk .	the man is are setting married .	1
a man and woman sitting on the sidewalk .	the woman is on a terrace . to	1
a man and woman sitting on the sidewalk .	the boy is so up married .	1
a man and woman sitting on the sidewalk .	the boy is are in rowboat .	1
a man and woman sitting on the sidewalk .	the boy is are eating remodeling .	1
a man and woman sitting on the sidewalk .	the boy is are rooting blown .	1
a man and woman sitting on the sidewalk .	the boy is are falling strike .	1
a man and woman sitting on the sidewalk .	the boy is are eating cheetos .	1
a man and woman sitting on the sidewalk .	the boy is so anything toothpaste .	1
a man and woman sitting on the sidewalk .	the boy is woman into her .	1
a man and woman sitting on the sidewalk .	the person is on a wide .	1
a man and woman sitting on the sidewalk .	the man is woman into makeup .	1
a naked man rides a bike .	a person enjoying castles .	0
a naked man rides a bike .	a person enjoying artifacts .	0
the boys are playing with legos .	boys are playing .	0
the boys are playing with legos .	boys are playing .	0
the boys are playing with legos .	boys are playing .	0
the boys are playing with legos .	boys are playing .	0
the boys are playing with legos .	boys are playing .	0
the boys are playing with legos .	boys are playing homosexual .	0
the boys are playing with legos .	kids are playing .	0
the boys are playing with legos .	boys are playing .	0
the boys are playing with legos .	boys are playing .	0
the boys are playing with legos .	boys are playing .	0
the boys are playing with legos .	boys are playing .	0
the boys are playing with legos .	boys are playing .	0
the boys are playing with legos .	boys are playing .	0
the boys are playing with legos .	boys are playing .	0
the boys are playing with legos .	boys are playing .	0
the boys are playing with legos .	boys are playing .	0
the boys are playing with legos .	boys are playing .	0
the boys are playing with legos .	boys are playing table .	0
the boys are playing with legos .	boys are playing .	0
the boys are playing with legos .	boys are playing .	0
the boys are playing with legos .	boys are playing .	0
the boys are playing with legos .	boys are playing .	0
the boys are playing with legos .	boys are playing .	0
the boys are playing with legos .	male boys playing .	0
the boys are playing with legos .	boys are playing .	0
the boys are playing with legos .	boys are playing .	0
the boys are playing with legos .	boys are playing .	0
the boys are playing with legos .	boys are playing wrestling .	0
the boys are playing with legos .	boys are playing .	0
the boys are playing with legos .	boys are playing .	0
the boys are playing with legos .	boys are playing .	0
the boys are playing with legos .	boys are playing .	0
the boys are playing with legos .	boys are playing .	0
the boys are playing with legos .	boys are playing .	0
the boys are playing with legos .	boys are playing .	0
the boys are playing with legos .	boys are playing .	0
the boys are playing with legos .	boys are playing disc .	0
the boys are playing with legos .	boys are playing .	0
the boys are playing with legos .	boys are playing .	0
the boys are playing with legos .	boys are playing .	0
the boys are playing with legos .	man carries a dorm . is	2
the boys are playing with legos .	a man carries after du . a	2
the boys are playing with legos .	a man creates a portrait .	2
the boys are playing with legos .	man carries a fedora . a	2
the boys are playing with legos .	man carries a bad .	2
the boys are playing with legos .	man carries a vine .	2
the boys are playing with legos .	a man carries carefully .	2
the boys are playing with legos .	man carries a balloon .	2
the boys are playing with legos .	a man experimenting automobile .	2
the boys are playing with legos .	man carries a fedora .	2
the boys are playing with legos .	man carries a fedora .	2
the boys are playing with legos .	a man carries frisbees lifts .	2
the boys are playing with legos .	man carries a rake .	2
the boys are playing with legos .	a man talked scotch .	2
the boys are playing with legos .	a man alive littering after .	2
the boys are playing with legos .	man carries a suitcase .	2
man holding torch of fire .	there is a man crocheting .	0
man holding torch of fire .	there is a man upright .	0
man holding torch of fire .	there is a man .	0
man holding torch of fire .	there is a man upright .	0
man holding torch of fire .	the fire is large .	1
man holding torch of fire .	the fire is large .	1
man holding torch of fire .	the fire is large .	1
man holding torch of fire .	the fire is large .	1
man holding torch of fire .	the fire is large .	1
man holding torch of fire .	the fire is large . people	1
man holding torch of fire .	the fire is large .	1
man holding torch of fire .	the fire is large .	1
man holding torch of fire .	the fire is large .	1
man holding torch of fire .	the fire is large statues .	1
man holding torch of fire .	the fire is large .	1
man holding torch of fire .	the fire is large maintenance . is	1
man holding torch of fire .	the fire is large .	1
man holding torch of fire .	the fire is large .	1
man holding torch of fire .	the fire is large .	1
man holding torch of fire .	the fire is large .	1
man holding torch of fire .	the fire is large .	1
man holding torch of fire .	the fire is large .	1
man holding torch of fire .	the fire is large .	1
man holding torch of fire .	the fire is large . is	1
man holding torch of fire .	the fire is large .	1
man holding torch of fire .	the dog is large . `	1
man holding torch of fire .	the fire is large .	1
man holding torch of fire .	the fire is large .	1
man holding torch of fire .	the fire is large .	1
man holding torch of fire .	the fire is large . at a	1
man holding torch of fire .	the fire is large .	1
man holding torch of fire .	the fire is large .	1
man holding torch of fire .	the fire is large .	1
man holding torch of fire .	the fire is large .	1
man holding torch of fire .	the fire is large . people	1
man holding torch of fire .	the fire is large .	1
man holding torch of fire .	the fire is large .	1
man holding torch of fire .	the fire is large .	1
villagers pulling in the fish boat .	the injured animal hot shopping to go fishing .	1
villagers pulling in the fish boat .	the information protest preparing to go fishing away .	1
villagers pulling in the fish boat .	the injured man preparing to go by pool .	1
villagers pulling in the fish boat .	the perm guards preparing to go fishing	1
villagers pulling in the fish boat .	the members are preparing to white fishing .	1
villagers pulling in the fish boat .	the olympian are preparing to go fishing .	1
villagers pulling in the fish boat .	the injured have red to go holds name .	1
villagers pulling in the fish boat .	the injured about to go by go out .	1
villagers pulling in the fish boat .	the moments preparing to go on a transportation .	1
villagers pulling in the fish boat .	a waitress does a nice while and airplanes .	2
villagers pulling in the fish boat .	the individuals are riding team while the clothing .	2
villagers pulling in the fish boat .	an individual are riding <oov> at the garden	2
villagers pulling in the fish boat .	the bongo are sitting around the lake area .	2
villagers pulling in the fish boat .	the zoo are sitting around the tents gather .	2
villagers pulling in the fish boat .	there are multiple joyfully nice for the block .	2
villagers pulling in the fish boat .	a group are riding a north and rock .	2
villagers pulling in the fish boat .	the individual are sitting around the leg desert .	2
villagers pulling in the fish boat .	there are al touching a convenience and town .	2
villagers pulling in the fish boat .	a seamstress are sitting around the below contents .	2
villagers pulling in the fish boat .	a group nears a purple and mopeds money .	2
villagers pulling in the fish boat .	a group highlights a boy and puppet while partying	2
villagers pulling in the fish boat .	a policewoman swims through a bad and guitarist .	2
villagers pulling in the fish boat .	a policewoman embraces riding a roller and ritual .	2
villagers pulling in the fish boat .	a group messed are doing success the walkway	2
villagers pulling in the fish boat .	there are buddhist race around in the neighborhood ?	2
villagers pulling in the fish boat .	a group gets a power and blowing while band	2
villagers pulling in the fish boat .	a waitress are sticking her volleyball in the yard	2
villagers pulling in the fish boat .	a waitress are awake around the examining tub	2
villagers pulling in the fish boat .	a group of putting are observing the ymca .	2
villagers pulling in the fish boat .	the viking are sitting around the crying camp /	2
villagers pulling in the fish boat .	a librarian tightly are flying in the tents	2
villagers pulling in the fish boat .	the dog slipped design a and motor while harley-davidson	2
villagers pulling in the fish boat .	the scenery are sitting around between the cubicles	2
villagers pulling in the fish boat .	there are motorcyles glad a ` practice below .	2
villagers pulling in the fish boat .	a waitress are presenting a snack and sprained .	2
villagers pulling in the fish boat .	there are metal 5th around the band desert .	2
villagers pulling in the fish boat .	a firemen are sitting around safely while pies .	2
villagers pulling in the fish boat .	a charity are leaning down from the mirror .	2
villagers pulling in the fish boat .	a nightclub are sitting around the word nba .	2
villagers pulling in the fish boat .	a mailman knocks a tall and rock face .	2
villagers pulling in the fish boat .	a waitress parasails cooked her volleyball in the stroke	2
villagers pulling in the fish boat .	there are people pulling a boat hell .	0
villagers pulling in the fish boat .	there are people pulling a boat fountain .	0
villagers pulling in the fish boat .	there are people pulling a boat view .	0
villagers pulling in the fish boat .	there are people pulling a boat hallway .	0
villagers pulling in the fish boat .	there are people pulling a boat hug .	0
villagers pulling in the fish boat .	there are people test a boat building .	0
villagers pulling in the fish boat .	there are people pulling a boat vendors .	0
villagers pulling in the fish boat .	there are people pulling a boat entrance .	0
villagers pulling in the fish boat .	there are people pulling a boat notepad .	0
villagers pulling in the fish boat .	there are people pulling a boat knife .	0
villagers pulling in the fish boat .	there are people pulling a boat produced .	0
five children playing soccer chase after a ball .	they are playing football . is	2
five children playing soccer chase after a ball .	five girl playing tubas .	0
five children playing soccer chase after a ball .	five eager a pirate .	0
five children playing soccer chase after a ball .	five girl playing pokemon .	0
five children playing soccer chase after a ball .	five passes a hose .	0
five children playing soccer chase after a ball .	five abducted playing boy .	0
five children playing soccer chase after a ball .	girl grandfather playing around .	0
five children playing soccer chase after a ball .	five helicopter watching trumpet .	0
five children playing soccer chase after a ball .	five human a playing .	0
five children playing soccer chase after a ball .	five girl playing roulette .	0
five children playing soccer chase after a ball .	five kid performing playing .	0
five children playing soccer chase after a ball .	girl finds playing pokemon .	0
five children playing soccer chase after a ball .	five a human playing .	0
five children playing soccer chase after a ball .	five girl playing gymnastics .	0
five children playing soccer chase after a ball .	girl performing playing pokemon .	0
five children playing soccer chase after a ball .	girl never playing videogames .	0
five children playing soccer chase after a ball .	five banjos the crowd .	0
five children playing soccer chase after a ball .	five human playing emotional .	0
five children playing soccer chase after a ball .	five your playing wii .	0
five children playing soccer chase after a ball .	small grandpa playing glowing .	0
five children playing soccer chase after a ball .	five girl playing dominoes .	0
five children playing soccer chase after a ball .	five kid performing tasks .	0
five children playing soccer chase after a ball .	five guards playing ukulele .	0
five children playing soccer chase after a ball .	five policemen playing pokemon .	0
five children playing soccer chase after a ball .	five girl playing . .	0
five children playing soccer chase after a ball .	girl sleeps playing around .	0
five children playing soccer chase after a ball .	five human playing with .	0
five children playing soccer chase after a ball .	small organized playing collects .	0
five children playing soccer chase after a ball .	five pups playing twister .	0
five children playing soccer chase after a ball .	five children playing twister .	0
five children playing soccer chase after a ball .	girl performing beanbags playing .	0
five children playing soccer chase after a ball .	five focused playing kickflip .	0
five children playing soccer chase after a ball .	girl performing outdoors .	0
five children playing soccer chase after a ball .	five sooners playing billiards .	0
five children playing soccer chase after a ball .	five embraces playing sovereign .	0
five children playing soccer chase after a ball .	five bear people playing .	0
five children playing soccer chase after a ball .	five vehicles playing pump .	0
five children playing soccer chase after a ball .	five girl playing doubles .	0
five children playing soccer chase after a ball .	five children playing videogames .	0
five children playing soccer chase after a ball .	five girl playing twister .	0
five children playing soccer chase after a ball .	five girl playing guitar .	0
five children playing soccer chase after a ball .	there is a nice moving outdoors . nylon	2
five children playing soccer chase after a ball .	there a boy in snow write .	2
five children playing soccer chase after a ball .	there a boy in khaki gloves . `	2
five children playing soccer chase after a ball .	there is a empty children playing .	2
five children playing soccer chase after a ball .	there is a boy studying an object .	2
five children playing soccer chase after a ball .	there is a empty airport and painting .	2
five children playing soccer chase after a ball .	there is a airport who playing music .	2
five children playing soccer chase after a ball .	there boy is washing towards an chimney .	2
five children playing soccer chase after a ball .	there is a ten squeaky show .	2
five children playing soccer chase after a ball .	there a boy in snow leaning . .	2
five children playing soccer chase after a ball .	there is a japanese show cult chin .	2
five children playing soccer chase after a ball .	there is a ten evening playing music onlookers	2
five children playing soccer chase after a ball .	there is a site show his hands .	2
five children playing soccer chase after a ball .	there no children around an assembly show .	2
five children playing soccer chase after a ball .	there a boy in snow playing .	2
five children playing soccer chase after a ball .	there is a border children playing .	2
five children playing soccer chase after a ball .	there is a boy fixing and painting .	2
a family walking with a soldier .	the barber is cruising a man 's hair .	2
a family walking with a soldier .	the barber catches a man 's hair .	2
a family walking with a soldier .	the barber helps a man 's hair .	2
a family walking with a soldier .	a barber waits a <oov> 's bat .	2
a family walking with a soldier .	the barber is gesturing a man 's bat .	2
a family walking with a soldier .	the barber offices is a man 's flowers .	2
a family walking with a soldier .	the enjoying james a man 's hair .	2
a family walking with a soldier .	the citizens man-made pink a man 's flowers .	2
a family walking with a soldier .	the road bakery is a dogs street .	2
a family walking with a soldier .	the barber is intense a man 's dog .	2
a family walking with a soldier .	the participant is a man 's hair .	2
a family walking with a soldier .	the road woodworker is a man 's friend .	2
a family walking with a soldier .	the barber shines boy is a squirrel .	2
a family walking with a soldier .	a barber it a comfortable 's empty-handed .	2
a family walking with a soldier .	the barber displays a man 's hair .	2
a family walking with a soldier .	the barber displays is a man 's flowers .	2
a family walking with a soldier .	the fishing hendrix is a man 's heat .	2
a family walking with a soldier .	a group of people embrace .	0
a family walking with a soldier .	a group of people strolling .	0
a family walking with a soldier .	a group of people strolling .	0
a family walking with a soldier .	a group of people strolling .	0
a family walking with a soldier .	a group of people sail . 's	0
a family walking with a soldier .	a group of people strolling . a	0
a family walking with a soldier .	a group of people strolling . is	0
a family walking with a soldier .	a group of people interact . in	0
a family walking with a soldier .	a group of people strolling .	0
a family walking with a soldier .	a group of people strolling .	0
boy in midair on bicycle	a boy is airborne on a puzzle .	0
boy in midair on bicycle	a boy is airborne on a car .	0
boy in midair on bicycle	a boy is airborne on a puzzle .	0
boy in midair on bicycle	a boy is avoiding out on cots .	0
boy in midair on bicycle	a boy is airborne on a puzzle .	0
three dogs running through a field .	three dogs are running rabbit	0
three dogs running through a field .	three dogs are running through	0
three dogs running through a field .	three dogs are running panting	0
three dogs running through a field .	three dogs are running through	0
three dogs running through a field .	three dogs are running shin	0
three dogs running through a field .	three dogs are running panting	0
three dogs running through a field .	three dogs are running	0
three dogs running through a field .	three dogs are running approaches	0
three dogs running through a field .	three dogs are running slowly	0
three dogs running through a field .	three dogs are running through	0
three dogs running through a field .	three dogs are running wetsuit	0
three dogs running through a field .	three dogs are running vertically	0
three dogs running through a field .	three dogs are running picnicking	0
three dogs running through a field .	three dogs are running sweet	0
three dogs running through a field .	three dogs are running planets	0
three dogs running through a field .	three dogs are running backstage	0
three dogs running through a field .	three dogs are running through	0
three dogs running through a field .	three dogs are running baggage	0
three dogs running through a field .	three dogs are running soldiers	0
three dogs running through a field .	three dogs are running collide	0
three dogs running through a field .	three dogs are running plotting	0
three dogs running through a field .	three dogs are running rail	0
three dogs running through a field .	three dogs are running home	0
three dogs running through a field .	three dogs are running collide	0
three dogs running through a field .	three dogs are running valley	0
three dogs running through a field .	three dogs are running gril	0
two dogs run together near the leaves .	two dogs are running .	0
two dogs run together near the leaves .	two dogs are running .	0
two dogs run together near the leaves .	two dogs are running .	0
two dogs run together near the leaves .	two dogs are running .	0
two dogs run together near the leaves .	two people are running .	0
two dogs run together near the leaves .	two dogs are running .	0
two dogs run together near the leaves .	two dogs are running .	0
two dogs run together near the leaves .	two dogs are running .	0
two dogs run together near the leaves .	two people are running .	0
two dogs run together near the leaves .	two people are running .	0
two dogs run together near the leaves .	two people are running .	0
two dogs run together near the leaves .	two people are running .	0
two dogs run together near the leaves .	two dogs are running .	0
two dogs run together near the leaves .	two dogs are running .	0
two dogs run together near the leaves .	two people are running .	0
two dogs run together near the leaves .	two people are running .	0
two dogs run together near the leaves .	two dogs are running .	0
two dogs run together near the leaves .	two dogs are running .	0
two dogs run together near the leaves .	two dogs are running .	0
two dogs run together near the leaves .	two people are running .	0
two dogs run together near the leaves .	two people are running .	0
two dogs run together near the leaves .	two dogs are running .	0
two dogs run together near the leaves .	two dogs are running .	0
female gymnasts warm up before a competition .	water is done for a competition . hockey	0
female gymnasts warm up before a competition .	ice laptop is for a show .	0
female gymnasts warm up before a competition .	puppy is melting for a race .	0
female gymnasts warm up before a competition .	helicopter man is speeding a map .	0
female gymnasts warm up before a competition .	football players practice .	2
female gymnasts warm up before a competition .	a football contains .	2
female gymnasts warm up before a competition .	a football and roll .	2
female gymnasts warm up before a competition .	football players practice .	2
two boys reading superhero books	a crowd enjoys is bright a book walking .	1
two boys reading superhero books	a crowd head down standing to be skateboarding .	1
two boys reading superhero books	a crowd is chanting a book car stretch .	1
two boys reading superhero books	a crowd <oov> old is holding a superhero .	1
two boys reading superhero books	a trio of guys is feeding a mean pile	1
two boys reading superhero books	a portrait player is tied a metal .	1
two boys reading superhero books	a trio of guys with a unaware dog .	1
two boys reading superhero books	a crowd enjoys is olympics a console building .	1
two boys reading superhero books	a boy is wearing a hungry winter destroy .	1
two boys reading superhero books	a crowd <oov> quintet is a drawing art .	1
two boys reading superhero books	a trio of guys feeding to be rope	1
two boys reading superhero books	a crowd is yellow a photograph dangerous . .	1
two boys reading superhero books	a boy is sitting inside to be costume .	1
two boys reading superhero books	a rastafarian boy is reading a book .	1
two boys reading superhero books	a crowd is crafting a 4 section car	1
two boys reading superhero books	a trio of guys is feeding a car .	1
two boys reading superhero books	a youngsters boy is tied a book .	1
two boys reading superhero books	a crowd <oov> drunk wearing a spiderman event .	1
two boys reading superhero books	a crowd of grain vehicle a war protest .	1
two boys reading superhero books	two men have a greek bystander .	2
two boys reading superhero books	two boys watching a monitor pipe .	2
two boys reading superhero books	two boys watching a tomb studio . to	2
two boys reading superhero books	two boys watching a killed right .	2
two boys reading superhero books	two boys watching a volcano who . wave	2
two boys reading superhero books	two boys ride a stunt bus .	2
two boys reading superhero books	two boys watching a billboard snow .	2
two boys reading superhero books	two boys watching a manhattan who . frown	2
two boys reading superhero books	two boys watching a thrill degree .	2
two boys reading superhero books	two boys watching a culture stands .	2
two boys reading superhero books	two boys watching a hired checkers .	2
two boys reading superhero books	two men have a new scooter . a	2
two boys reading superhero books	two men have a cherry car .	2
two boys reading superhero books	two boys watching a circus virginia . a	2
two boys reading superhero books	two boys watching a calf bystander .	2
two boys reading superhero books	two boys watching a thrill rapid .	2
two boys reading superhero books	two boys watching a protest who .	2
two boys reading superhero books	two boys watching a still bystander .	2
two boys reading superhero books	two boys watching a boring snow .	2
two boys reading superhero books	two boys watching a billboard stands .	2
two boys reading superhero books	two boys watching a daycare motorcycle . a	2
two boys reading superhero books	two boys watching a punk racing .	2
two boys reading superhero books	two boys watching a custom hoses .	2
two boys reading superhero books	two men have a highest gravity . of	2
two boys reading superhero books	two boys watching a nike car . a	2
two boys reading superhero books	two boys watching a unhappy bystander .	2
two boys reading superhero books	a boy watching a regular fix .	2
two boys reading superhero books	two boys watching a flag stands .	2
blond woman overlooking seattle space needle scene .	a human checking out idly .	1
blond woman overlooking seattle space needle scene .	a checking snowboarder was out . a	1
blond woman overlooking seattle space needle scene .	a soldier human scratching seuss .	1
blond woman overlooking seattle space needle scene .	a human jumped bikes together . is	1
blond woman overlooking seattle space needle scene .	a soldier attacks sunbathing dish .	1
blond woman overlooking seattle space needle scene .	a tourist balancing las strike .	1
blond woman overlooking seattle space needle scene .	a soldier hugging traverse elephants . lynyrd	1
blond woman overlooking seattle space needle scene .	a human colored travelling upward .	1
blond woman overlooking seattle space needle scene .	a human checking out turkeys . background	1
blond woman overlooking seattle space needle scene .	a human checking out obama .	1
blond woman overlooking seattle space needle scene .	a human checking out marijuana .	1
blond woman overlooking seattle space needle scene .	a stick kitten prior eye .	1
blond woman overlooking seattle space needle scene .	a tourist burns kayaks amidst .	1
blond woman overlooking seattle space needle scene .	a human checking out material .	1
blond woman overlooking seattle space needle scene .	a human checking out dough .	1
blond woman overlooking seattle space needle scene .	a human checking out hood .	1
blond woman overlooking seattle space needle scene .	a tourist soldier scoops over .	1
blond woman overlooking seattle space needle scene .	a human checking out dough .	1
blond woman overlooking seattle space needle scene .	a soldier fair squad boards .	1
blond woman overlooking seattle space needle scene .	a lovely stick loitering together . to a	1
blond woman overlooking seattle space needle scene .	a soldier human lays together . a	1
blond woman overlooking seattle space needle scene .	a soldier human taking photographs . superman	1
blond woman overlooking seattle space needle scene .	a human checking out paperwork .	1
blond woman overlooking seattle space needle scene .	a soldier hugging fabric out .	1
blond woman overlooking seattle space needle scene .	a human checking out first .	1
blond woman overlooking seattle space needle scene .	a human checking out shots .	1
blond woman overlooking seattle space needle scene .	a soldier human climing apparel .	1
blond woman overlooking seattle space needle scene .	a soldier human pancakes fingers .	1
blond woman overlooking seattle space needle scene .	a human checking out material .	1
blond woman overlooking seattle space needle scene .	a human checking out wraps .	1
blond woman overlooking seattle space needle scene .	a human checking out material .	1
blond woman overlooking seattle space needle scene .	a soldier human taking tickets .	1
blond woman overlooking seattle space needle scene .	a championship stunt four brothers . is	1
blond woman overlooking seattle space needle scene .	a soldier checking out riding .	1
blond woman overlooking seattle space needle scene .	a soldier human taking pictures .	1
blond woman overlooking seattle space needle scene .	a human checking out material .	1
blond woman overlooking seattle space needle scene .	a stick tourist climbs cab . to	1
blond woman overlooking seattle space needle scene .	a soldier human preform dinners .	1
blond woman overlooking seattle space needle scene .	a music skier u rest . enthusiastically	1
blond woman overlooking seattle space needle scene .	a tourist checking out wraps .	1
an old man looking over a sculpture .	the man is at an art gallery grins .	1
an old man looking over a sculpture .	the man is at an art gallery opening .	1
an old man looking over a sculpture .	the man is at an art gallery alley .	1
an old man looking over a sculpture .	the man is at an art gallery prairie .	1
an old man looking over a sculpture .	the man is at an art gallery roman cheerleading	1
an old man looking over a sculpture .	the man is at an art gallery gallery	1
an old man looking over a sculpture .	the man is at an art gallery fly .	1
an old man looking over a sculpture .	the man is at an art gallery inspection .	1
an old man looking over a sculpture .	the man is at an art ends hook figurines	1
an old man looking over a sculpture .	the man is at an art gallery opening .	1
an old man looking over a sculpture .	the man is at an art fresh promote	1
an old man looking over a sculpture .	the man is at an art gallery dilapidated	1
an old man looking over a sculpture .	the man is at an art gallery again .	1
an old man looking over a sculpture .	the man is at an art gallery tradition .	1
an old man looking over a sculpture .	the man is at an art architectural igloo	1
an old man looking over a sculpture .	the man is at an art gallery imagination .	1
an old man looking over a sculpture .	the man is at an art gallery history arrive	1
an old man looking over a sculpture .	the man is at an art gallery pizzeria .	1
an old man looking over a sculpture .	the man is at an art intersection barrel .	1
an old man looking over a sculpture .	the man is an apprentice at fishing crouch	1
an old man looking over a sculpture .	the man is at an art gallery landmark .	1
an old man looking over a sculpture .	the man is at an art awards shortly .	1
an old man looking over a sculpture .	the man is at an art gallery reporter .	1
an old man looking over a sculpture .	the man is at an art assignment station .	1
an old man looking over a sculpture .	the man is at an art textile support .	1
an old man looking over a sculpture .	the man is at an art gallery hotel .	1
an old man looking over a sculpture .	the man is at an art gallery vacation	1
an old man looking over a sculpture .	the man is at an art gallery position	1
an old man looking over a sculpture .	the man is at an art else receptionist .	1
an old man looking over a sculpture .	the man is at an art ancient said	1
an old man looking over a sculpture .	the man is at an art fort shape .	1
an old man looking over a sculpture .	the man is at an art gallery mat .	1
workers standing on a lift .	stuffed vehicle on a deck road .	0
workers standing on a lift .	its pigeons woman on a rush .	0
workers standing on a lift .	the florida on a gray carousel . `	0
workers standing on a lift .	chilling and posing on a wakeboard . biplane	0
workers standing on a lift .	i workers are on a gap .	0
workers standing on a lift .	its a bag on a doritos .	0
workers standing on a lift .	laughing and actress on a vacant .	0
workers standing on a lift .	jealous stand is on a moon .	0
workers standing on a lift .	the vehicle measures on a go-kart .	0
workers standing on a lift .	the worked on a gray perform . <oov>	0
workers standing on a lift .	to officers share on a fenced . <oov>	0
workers standing on a lift .	workers suits a on a problem .	0
workers standing on a lift .	its a ages on a grandparents .	0
workers standing on a lift .	middle-aged heavy machinery on a folder .	0
workers standing on a lift .	workers pose on a white surfboard .	0
workers standing on a lift .	professor sit are on a rail .	0
workers standing on a lift .	the weather woman is on doorstep . of	0
workers standing on a lift .	i workers are on a cubicle . hot	0
workers standing on a lift .	middle-aged heavy hoping on a mountainside . nice	0
workers standing on a lift .	dark person are on a corridor .	0
workers standing on a lift .	workers are move in a temple .	0
workers standing on a lift .	i workers are on a spaceship . across	0
workers standing on a lift .	beachgoers stand on a own race .	0
workers standing on a lift .	the vehicle sit on a plane . boy	0
workers standing on a lift .	workers stand on a pump they . tickling	0
workers standing on a lift .	14 workers are on a thick .	0
workers standing on a lift .	the vehicle sit on a doorstep .	0
workers standing on a lift .	nine workers are on a plane .	0
workers standing on a lift .	pleasure and kiss on a percussion .	0
workers standing on a lift .	dark workers are on a bundle . as	0
workers standing on a lift .	i workers are on a limo .	0
two people talking on a dock .	a shopping swim at the newspaper .	2
two people talking on a dock .	a shopping dancer plays the fountain .	2
two people talking on a dock .	a shopping swim having the floors .	2
two people talking on a dock .	a women shopping spent the aisle .	2
two people talking on a dock .	a women shopping at the mall .	2
two people talking on a dock .	a one dancer preparing the lock .	2
two people talking on a dock .	a shopping woman passes the boardwalk .	2
two people talking on a dock .	a women shopping while the house .	2
two people talking on a dock .	a women shopping for the zombie .	2
two people talking on a dock .	a defending at the bath system .	2
two people talking on a dock .	a hockey gentlemen grabbing the aisle .	2
two people talking on a dock .	people outside barriers . virginia	0
two people talking on a dock .	people outside .	0
two people talking on a dock .	people outside crabs .	0
two people talking on a dock .	people outside plotting . to	0
two people talking on a dock .	people outside scarves .	0
two people talking on a dock .	people outside varying ?	0
two people talking on a dock .	people outside begins .	0
two people talking on a dock .	people outside tim .	0
two people talking on a dock .	people outside software .	0
two people talking on a dock .	people outside cancelled .	0
two people talking on a dock .	people outside printing .	0
two people talking on a dock .	people outside .	0
two people talking on a dock .	people outside competitors .	0
two people talking on a dock .	people outside hula-hooping .	0
two people talking on a dock .	people outside competing . is	0
two people talking on a dock .	people outside sunlight .	0
two people talking on a dock .	people outside .	0
two people talking on a dock .	people outside nelson .	0
two people talking on a dock .	people outside trophies .	0
two people talking on a dock .	people outside speed .	0
two people talking on a dock .	people outside launched .	0
two people talking on a dock .	people outside netting .	0
two people talking on a dock .	people outside area .	0
two people talking on a dock .	people outside .	0
two people talking on a dock .	people outside .	0
two people talking on a dock .	<oov> people draw .	0
two people talking on a dock .	people outside fights .	0
two people talking on a dock .	people outside profusely .	0
two people talking on a dock .	people outside stacked .	0
two people talking on a dock .	people outside . foliage	0
two people talking on a dock .	people outside afro .	0
two people talking on a dock .	people outside motion .	0
two people talking on a dock .	outside people are vests .	0
a man cooking over high flames .	a man is cooking torches for girls .	1
a man cooking over high flames .	a man is cooking cigars walking on .	1
a man cooking over high flames .	a man is cooking for overflowing .	1
a man cooking over high flames .	a man is cooking growing racquetball on .	1
a man cooking over high flames .	a man is cooking slow their scared .	1
a man cooking over high flames .	a man is cooking pasta beef .	1
a man cooking over high flames .	a man is cooking elephant on merchandise . .	1
a man cooking over high flames .	a man is cooking levi for girls .	1
a man cooking over high flames .	a man is cooking for walking .	1
a man cooking over high flames .	a man is cooking elegant for girls .	1
a man cooking over high flames .	a man is cooking rock on saturn .	1
a man cooking over high flames .	a man is cooking rock girls .	1
a man cooking over high flames .	a man is cooking rock fashions .	1
a man cooking over high flames .	a man is cooking that juggling musicians .	1
a man cooking over high flames .	a man is cooking pasta for girls .	1
a man cooking over high flames .	a man is cooking for dogs .	1
a man cooking over high flames .	a man is cooking pasta wire .	1
a man cooking over high flames .	a man is cooking for walking . competition	1
a man cooking over high flames .	a man is cooking for dogs .	1
a man cooking over high flames .	a man is cooking rock girls .	1
a man cooking over high flames .	a man is cooking for walking .	1
a man cooking over high flames .	a man is cooking hidden his scared .	1
a man cooking over high flames .	a man is cooking pasta for girls .	1
a man cooking over high flames .	a man is cooking torches for girls .	1
a man cooking over high flames .	a man is cooking for dogs .	1
a man cooking over high flames .	a man is cooking pumpkins for girls .	1
a man cooking over high flames .	a man is cooking torches and streaking .	1
a man cooking over high flames .	a man is cooking beef rock on .	1
a man cooking over high flames .	a man is cooking beef for dogs .	1
a man cooking over high flames .	a man is cooking pasta for girls .	1
a man cooking over high flames .	a man is cooking rock on lacing .	1
a man cooking over high flames .	a man is cooking pasta for dogs .	1
a man cooking over high flames .	a man is cooking for his family .	1
a man cooking over high flames .	a man is cooking rock on trophy .	1
four women competitively rollerskating around an area .	a technician presenting on the tightrope	0
four women competitively rollerskating around an area .	a jockey pitches on a hill	0
four women competitively rollerskating around an area .	a protester protester on the pavement	0
four women competitively rollerskating around an area .	a daughter protester on 33	0
four women competitively rollerskating around an area .	a capturing logo around an audience	0
four women competitively rollerskating around an area .	a crystal cheeks ride is	0
four women competitively rollerskating around an area .	a dinosaur considers on a batman	0
four women competitively rollerskating around an area .	a monster headscarf on her ground	0
four women competitively rollerskating around an area .	a medical backed on the hill	0
four women competitively rollerskating around an area .	a trolley leans on the snow	0
four women competitively rollerskating around an area .	a gal easily no black	0
four women competitively rollerskating around an area .	a photoshoot waiving on the author	0
four women competitively rollerskating around an area .	a backhoe wipes on the leash	0
four women competitively rollerskating around an area .	a protester nears on no arms	0
four women competitively rollerskating around an area .	a bunny artist is on	0
four women competitively rollerskating around an area .	a medical tunes on a hill	0
four women competitively rollerskating around an area .	a jogger protects on the trash	0
four women competitively rollerskating around an area .	a 13 descended on a spiderman	0
four women competitively rollerskating around an area .	a medical lays on the trail	0
four women competitively rollerskating around an area .	a maid saws on the trail	0
four women competitively rollerskating around an area .	a pelican throughout carries behind	0
four women competitively rollerskating around an area .	a foam cheered on the notebook	0
four women competitively rollerskating around an area .	a actor daydreams on the trail	0
four women competitively rollerskating around an area .	a protester crowd on the trail	0
four women competitively rollerskating around an area .	a wrestler rehearse on the leash	0
four women competitively rollerskating around an area .	a convoy carries on bicycle	0
four women competitively rollerskating around an area .	a gal flaps around an ad	0
four women competitively rollerskating around an area .	a orchestra carries on her job	0
four women competitively rollerskating around an area .	a goup carries on the leash	0
four women competitively rollerskating around an area .	a medium sized on the trail	0
four women competitively rollerskating around an area .	a jug degree is behind	0
four women competitively rollerskating around an area .	a university talked on the bleachers	0
four women competitively rollerskating around an area .	a wrecked playing french directs .	2
four women competitively rollerskating around an area .	a labrador has makes tightly .	2
four women competitively rollerskating around an area .	a photograph swimmer grabs back . <oov> seductively	2
four women competitively rollerskating around an area .	four men are coming like . outside	2
four women competitively rollerskating around an area .	a brown mammal are tulips . joined <oov>	2
four women competitively rollerskating around an area .	a photograph has been weaving . <oov> voices	2
four women competitively rollerskating around an area .	a photograph carry multiple peers .	2
four women competitively rollerskating around an area .	a golden full street plates . <oov> cheer	2
four women competitively rollerskating around an area .	a crowd eight dangerous arrange . of	2
four women competitively rollerskating around an area .	a photograph accepts are rollerskating . a	2
four women competitively rollerskating around an area .	a wrecked crowd makes any . a	2
four women competitively rollerskating around an area .	a wrecked men makes pudding .	2
four women competitively rollerskating around an area .	a crowd liked swam are . a	2
four women competitively rollerskating around an area .	a females wearing case timmy .	2
four women competitively rollerskating around an area .	a rickshaw has been grabbing .	2
four women competitively rollerskating around an area .	a females wearing cells are . around	2
four women competitively rollerskating around an area .	a females wearing r gleefully . <oov> enthusiasm	2
four women competitively rollerskating around an area .	a females wearing flat scarves . of	2
four women competitively rollerskating around an area .	a labrador climbs are bouncy . <oov>	2
four women competitively rollerskating around an area .	a golden playing drips runs . consults donkeys	2
four women competitively rollerskating around an area .	a females blues outdoor tulips . a	2
four women competitively rollerskating around an area .	a females wearing digital necklaces . photographed	2
several women wearing dresses dance in the forest .	there are men dancing animal	2
several women wearing dresses dance in the forest .	there are animals dancing	2
several women wearing dresses dance in the forest .	there are union dancing	2
several women wearing dresses dance in the forest .	there are watching songs fighting	2
several women wearing dresses dance in the forest .	there are artists dancing	2
several women wearing dresses dance in the forest .	there are ladies <oov> straps	2
several women wearing dresses dance in the forest .	there are nine dancing	2
several women wearing dresses dance in the forest .	there are men dancing around	2
several women wearing dresses dance in the forest .	there are watching dancing seasons	2
several women wearing dresses dance in the forest .	there are men dancing mechanics	2
several women wearing dresses dance in the forest .	there are animal <oov> gymnast	2
several women wearing dresses dance in the forest .	there are artists dancing	2
several women wearing dresses dance in the forest .	there are men dancing quietly	2
several women wearing dresses dance in the forest .	there are drinking dancing	2
several women wearing dresses dance in the forest .	there were two dancing football	2
several women wearing dresses dance in the forest .	there are animals dancing .	2
several women wearing dresses dance in the forest .	there are men dancing goodbye	2
several women wearing dresses dance in the forest .	there are animals dancing	2
several women wearing dresses dance in the forest .	there are drumsticks dancing	2
several women wearing dresses dance in the forest .	there are drinking dancing	2
several women wearing dresses dance in the forest .	there are men dancing around	2
several women wearing dresses dance in the forest .	there are drinking dancing	2
several women wearing dresses dance in the forest .	there are ladies <oov> injured	2
several women wearing dresses dance in the forest .	the women are painted	1
several women wearing dresses dance in the forest .	the women are relatives	1
several women wearing dresses dance in the forest .	the woman throws knowledge	1
several women wearing dresses dance in the forest .	the woman bull growls	1
several women wearing dresses dance in the forest .	the women are harnessed	1
several women wearing dresses dance in the forest .	the woman professionals turf	1
several women wearing dresses dance in the forest .	the woman wrestler american	1
several women wearing dresses dance in the forest .	the women are harnessed	1
several women wearing dresses dance in the forest .	the woman speaks tutu	1
several women wearing dresses dance in the forest .	the woman laughs home	1
several women wearing dresses dance in the forest .	the woman speaks services	1
several women wearing dresses dance in the forest .	the woman speaks photos	1
several women wearing dresses dance in the forest .	the women are eggs	1
several women wearing dresses dance in the forest .	the woman finished captain	1
several women wearing dresses dance in the forest .	the women are tomato	1
several women wearing dresses dance in the forest .	the woman steers speaks	1
several women wearing dresses dance in the forest .	the woman finished identical	1
several women wearing dresses dance in the forest .	the woman checks sticks	1
several women wearing dresses dance in the forest .	the woman checks hated	1
several women wearing dresses dance in the forest .	the women are hospital	1
several women wearing dresses dance in the forest .	the woman marches older	1
several women wearing dresses dance in the forest .	the woman intends love	1
several women wearing dresses dance in the forest .	the woman checks feels	1
several women wearing dresses dance in the forest .	the woman steps hospital	1
several women wearing dresses dance in the forest .	the woman danced finished	1
several women wearing dresses dance in the forest .	the woman types	1
several women wearing dresses dance in the forest .	the woman molding kittens	1
several women wearing dresses dance in the forest .	the woman listening	1
several women wearing dresses dance in the forest .	the woman speaks fixed	1
several women wearing dresses dance in the forest .	the women are locking	1
several women wearing dresses dance in the forest .	the woman ordered places	1
several women wearing dresses dance in the forest .	the woman molding checks	1
several women wearing dresses dance in the forest .	the woman marches criminal	1
several women wearing dresses dance in the forest .	the woman standing prey	1
several women wearing dresses dance in the forest .	the woman bruins checks	1
several women wearing dresses dance in the forest .	the women are hospital	1
several women wearing dresses dance in the forest .	the woman molding dies	1
several women wearing dresses dance in the forest .	the woman running feet	1
several women wearing dresses dance in the forest .	the woman speaks photographed	1
several women wearing dresses dance in the forest .	the woman fur scrub	1
several women wearing dresses dance in the forest .	there are several women play	0
a brown dog jumps over an obstacle .	the dog is a puppy in front .	2
a brown dog jumps over an obstacle .	the man is a hockey front of dogs	2
a brown dog jumps over an obstacle .	the man is in a pool of .	2
a brown dog jumps over an obstacle .	the dog is in a pool competition .	2
a brown dog jumps over an obstacle .	the man is a hockey of girls .	2
a brown dog jumps over an obstacle .	the dog is a woman in denim .	2
a brown dog jumps over an obstacle .	the dog is a woman in rough .	2
a brown dog jumps over an obstacle .	the dog is a wiring in pool .	2
a brown dog jumps over an obstacle .	the man is a wiring in pool .	2
a brown dog jumps over an obstacle .	the dog is a sleeping in sailor .	2
two strong men work to saw a log .	a family paid to draw warriors the personnel .	1
two strong men work to saw a log .	a business man going to elevation the sandbox .	1
two strong men work to saw a log .	a homeless man going to vegetables the handlebars .	1
two strong men work to saw a log .	a swimmer man outside ina the artistic block .	1
two strong men work to saw a log .	a homeless men work to pant the colleagues .	1
two strong men work to saw a log .	a homeless outside ironing going to the send	1
two strong men work to saw a log .	a minor man outside forming the fireworks stamp .	1
two strong men work to saw a log .	a picture of football all tour the carousel .	1
two strong men work to saw a log .	a family paid to draw towards the diner .	1
two strong men work to saw a log .	a family chasing clothes reading the newspaper minutes .	1
two strong men work to saw a log .	a lad <oov> football badly to the soccerball track	1
two strong men work to saw a log .	a wide man poses to begin the hair .	1
two strong men work to saw a log .	a trolley country is going to rob the cheerleaders	1
two strong men work to saw a log .	a dachshund of men onto the aisle edge .	1
two strong men work to saw a log .	a homeless men football to speed in the sun	1
two strong men work to saw a log .	a town man going to escape the sock .	1
two strong men work to saw a log .	a swimmer man work to rescued the racket .	1
two strong men work to saw a log .	a family jockey outside energetically to the hay .	1
two ladies at workout in mother nature .	a band are sitting on the floor .	2
two ladies at workout in mother nature .	a contestant sitting on a hissing granite .	2
two ladies at workout in mother nature .	the two ladies are outside . a	0
two ladies at workout in mother nature .	the two ladies are outside . in	0
two ladies at workout in mother nature .	the two ladies are outside . a	0
two ladies at workout in mother nature .	the two ladies are outside . a	0
two ladies at workout in mother nature .	the two ladies are outside . at	0
two ladies at workout in mother nature .	the two ladies are outside . a	0
two ladies at workout in mother nature .	the two ladies are outside . of	0
two ladies at workout in mother nature .	the two ladies are outside . a	0
two ladies at workout in mother nature .	the two ladies are outside . wave	0
two ladies at workout in mother nature .	the two ladies are outside . a	0
two ladies at workout in mother nature .	the two ladies are outside . <oov>	0
two ladies at workout in mother nature .	the two ladies are outside . a	0
two ladies at workout in mother nature .	the two ladies are outside . a	0
two ladies at workout in mother nature .	the two ladies are outside . goal	0
two ladies at workout in mother nature .	the two ladies are outside . a	0
two ladies at workout in mother nature .	the two ladies are outside . <oov>	0
two ladies at workout in mother nature .	the two ladies are outside . a	0
two ladies at workout in mother nature .	the two ladies are outside . a	0
two ladies at workout in mother nature .	the two ladies are outside . a	0
two ladies at workout in mother nature .	the two ladies are outside . a	0
two ladies at workout in mother nature .	the two ladies are outside . from	0
two ladies at workout in mother nature .	the two ladies are outside .	0
two ladies at workout in mother nature .	the two ladies are outside . to	0
two ladies at workout in mother nature .	the two ladies are outside . a	0
two ladies at workout in mother nature .	the two ladies are outside . a	0
two ladies at workout in mother nature .	the two ladies are outside . a	0
two ladies at workout in mother nature .	the two ladies are outside . a	0
two ladies at workout in mother nature .	the two ladies are outside . donkeys	0
two ladies at workout in mother nature .	the two ladies are outside . a	0
two ladies at workout in mother nature .	the two ladies are outside . <oov>	0
two ladies at workout in mother nature .	the two pony are outside .	0
two ladies at workout in mother nature .	the two ladies are outside . a	0
two ladies at workout in mother nature .	the two ladies are outside . a	0
two ladies at workout in mother nature .	the two ladies are outside . a	0
two ladies at workout in mother nature .	the two ladies are outside . <oov>	0
two ladies at workout in mother nature .	the two ladies are outside . a	0
two ladies at workout in mother nature .	the two ladies are outside . a	0
two ladies at workout in mother nature .	a two ladies are outside .	0
two ladies at workout in mother nature .	the two ladies are outside . a	0
two ladies at workout in mother nature .	the two ladies are outside . a	0
a kid playing a game called the derby .	the child is sleeping .	2
a kid playing a game called the derby .	the child is playing . is	0
a kid playing a game called the derby .	the child is playing . is	0
a kid playing a game called the derby .	a girl is playing a game for fun	1
a kid playing a game called the derby .	a child is walking a grandmother for horse .	1
a kid playing a game called the derby .	a child is playing a game for fun .	1
a kid playing a game called the derby .	a axe is playing a game for fun	1
a kid playing a game called the derby .	a child is playing a game for hours .	1
a kid playing a game called the derby .	a girl is playing a game for fun	1
a kid playing a game called the derby .	a child is playing a game for crew .	1
a kid playing a game called the derby .	a child is playing a game for vegetables .	1
a kid playing a game called the derby .	a people is standing a kelp taking graffiti	1
a kid playing a game called the derby .	a girl is playing a game for money .	1
a kid playing a game called the derby .	a child is playing a game for graffiti .	1
a kid playing a game called the derby .	the child is playing a game for vegetables	1
a kid playing a game called the derby .	a girl is playing a game for soda .	1
a kid playing a game called the derby .	a girl is playing a game for fun	1
a kid playing a game called the derby .	a girl is playing a game for fun	1
a kid playing a game called the derby .	the child is holding a sign for sale .	1
a kid playing a game called the derby .	a child is playing a game for items .	1
a kid playing a game called the derby .	a child is playing a game for exam .	1
a kid playing a game called the derby .	a child is playing a game spitting day	1
a kid playing a game called the derby .	a girl is playing a game for horse .	1
a kid playing a game called the derby .	a child is playing a game for fun .	1
a kid playing a game called the derby .	a child is playing a game for casual .	1
a kid playing a game called the derby .	a girl is playing a game for vegetables .	1
a kid playing a game called the derby .	a child is playing a game for fun .	1
a kid playing a game called the derby .	a child is holding a sign for horse .	1
a kid playing a game called the derby .	a girl is playing a game for fun .	1
a kid playing a game called the derby .	a child is playing a game for edge .	1
a kid playing a game called the derby .	a child is playing a game for fun .	1
a kid playing a game called the derby .	a girl is playing a game for fun	1
a kid playing a game called the derby .	a child is playing a game for money .	1
a kid playing a game called the derby .	a child is playing a game for world .	1
the white dog is pulling a large stick .	a man is pulling a pillow .	0
the white dog is pulling a large stick .	a man is pulling a cheeseburger .	0
the white dog is pulling a large stick .	a man is pulling a charge .	0
the white dog is pulling a large stick .	a man is pulling a custom .	0
the white dog is pulling a large stick .	a man is pulling a colorful .	0
the white dog is pulling a large stick .	a man is pulling a stick . to	0
the white dog is pulling a large stick .	a man is pulling a blizzard .	0
the white dog is pulling a large stick .	a man is pulling a stick .	0
a lioness closes in on its prey .	a wife <oov> horseback	0
a lioness closes in on its prey .	a tribe <oov> grills	0
a lioness closes in on its prey .	a lonely <oov> gifts	0
a lioness closes in on its prey .	a lonely <oov> horseback	0
a lioness closes in on its prey .	a bluegrass <oov> horseback	0
a lioness closes in on its prey .	a ripped <oov> dinning	0
a lioness closes in on its prey .	a collage <oov> bowls	0
a lioness closes in on its prey .	a lonely <oov> battleship	0
a lioness closes in on its prey .	a listened <oov> zone	0
a lioness closes in on its prey .	a leak <oov> horseback	0
a lioness closes in on its prey .	a rocker <oov> youth	0
a lioness closes in on its prey .	a steering <oov> grease	0
a lioness closes in on its prey .	a blurry <oov> gifts	0
a lioness closes in on its prey .	a kangaroo <oov> shots	0
a lioness closes in on its prey .	a canadians <oov> painted	0
a lioness closes in on its prey .	a captain <oov> finishes	0
a lioness closes in on its prey .	a redhead <oov> contractors	0
a lioness closes in on its prey .	a haunted <oov> oscars	0
a lioness closes in on its prey .	a lonely <oov> theft	0
a lioness closes in on its prey .	a windowless <oov> fish	0
a lioness closes in on its prey .	a rabbi <oov> bowls	0
a lioness closes in on its prey .	a coin <oov> badges .	0
a lioness closes in on its prey .	a ethnic <oov> bowls	0
a lioness closes in on its prey .	a country <oov> planted	0
a lioness closes in on its prey .	a elder <oov> issues	0
a lioness closes in on its prey .	a wife <oov> acrobats	0
a lioness closes in on its prey .	a reporter <oov> washington	0
a lioness closes in on its prey .	a casual <oov> pitbull	0
a lioness closes in on its prey .	a warrior <oov> shots	0
a lioness closes in on its prey .	a supervisor <oov> shingles	0
a lioness closes in on its prey .	a mounted <oov> jockey	0
a lioness closes in on its prey .	a lonely <oov> bread	0
a lioness closes in on its prey .	a chess <oov> answers	0
a lioness closes in on its prey .	a warrior <oov> horseback	0
a lioness closes in on its prey .	the lovingly is hungry	1
a lioness closes in on its prey .	the mail is hungry	1
a lioness closes in on its prey .	the backyard is hungry	1
a lioness closes in on its prey .	the menu is hungry	1
a lioness closes in on its prey .	the tower is creating	1
a lioness closes in on its prey .	the shoeless is hungry	1
a lioness closes in on its prey .	the pumpkin is hungry	1
a lioness closes in on its prey .	the tower is hungry	1
three women are smiling and making cupcakes .	a group jumped a seal over a racing .	1
three women are smiling and making cupcakes .	a three person gathers late with a hurdle .	1
three women are smiling and making cupcakes .	a boy laughing clothes bikes on a dandelion skateboard	1
three women are smiling and making cupcakes .	a three person cycling cleans on a bench .	1
three women are smiling and making cupcakes .	a three woman zipping clothes on a peer .	1
three women are smiling and making cupcakes .	a two blue booth buried cleans a playground .	1
three women are smiling and making cupcakes .	a three person really fills over a bush .	1
three women are smiling and making cupcakes .	two men examine paint take a summit sticks	1
three women are smiling and making cupcakes .	a boy goes as out with a slide .	1
three women are smiling and making cupcakes .	a boy vaults pain into a sights autumn	1
three women are smiling and making cupcakes .	a three person wait instead over a platform .	1
three women are smiling and making cupcakes .	a three person silly headfirst with a bone .	1
three women are smiling and making cupcakes .	a three person gathers out with a patient .	1
three women are smiling and making cupcakes .	a three person really bored with a seagull .	1
three women are smiling and making cupcakes .	a three women gathers into a wheelie meeting	1
three women are smiling and making cupcakes .	a boy goes saw country with a cube .	1
three women are smiling and making cupcakes .	a three person gathers astronauts on a pier .	1
three women are smiling and making cupcakes .	a three person barbecue opinions over a platform .	1
three women are smiling and making cupcakes .	a three person skiis together on a rugs .	1
three women are smiling and making cupcakes .	a three person gathers trims over a pinata .	1
three women are smiling and making cupcakes .	a three person make repairs a bulldozer	1
three women are smiling and making cupcakes .	a boy getting checking out with a patient .	1
three women are smiling and making cupcakes .	two men outdoors to the cops .	2
three women are smiling and making cupcakes .	two men are outdoors to the race .	2
three women are smiling and making cupcakes .	two men are outdoors to the game .	2
three women are smiling and making cupcakes .	two men are at the snow .	2
three women are smiling and making cupcakes .	two men are outdoors to the race .	2
three women are smiling and making cupcakes .	two men are outdoors to the race .	2
three women are smiling and making cupcakes .	two men are outdoors to the igloo .	2
three women are smiling and making cupcakes .	two men are at the nighttime .	2
three women are smiling and making cupcakes .	two men are outdoors to the race .	2
three women are smiling and making cupcakes .	two men are outdoors to the race .	2
three women are smiling and making cupcakes .	two men are outdoors to the race .	2
three women are smiling and making cupcakes .	two men are outdoors to the .	2
three women are smiling and making cupcakes .	two men are outdoors to the race .	2
three women are smiling and making cupcakes .	two men are at the hill .	2
three women are smiling and making cupcakes .	two men are outdoors to the race .	2
three women are smiling and making cupcakes .	two men are outdoors to the race .	2
three women are smiling and making cupcakes .	two men are shoveling the football .	2
three women are smiling and making cupcakes .	two men are outdoors to the race .	2
three women are smiling and making cupcakes .	two men are outdoors to the race .	2
three women are smiling and making cupcakes .	two men are outdoors to the race .	2
three women are smiling and making cupcakes .	two men are at the international .	2
men in hard hats work along a wall .	man are playing a ball indoors .	0
men in hard hats work along a wall .	man are playing a catfish arcade .	0
men in hard hats work along a wall .	black men are playing a worm .	0
men in hard hats work along a wall .	man working are playing a knight .	0
men in hard hats work along a wall .	man are playing white for shoes .	0
men in hard hats work along a wall .	man are playing a strange wall .	0
men in hard hats work along a wall .	man are working near a wall .	0
men in hard hats work along a wall .	man working are playing a pan .	0
men in hard hats work along a wall .	man are playing a strange cultural .	0
men in hard hats work along a wall .	man are playing a strange course .	0
men in hard hats work along a wall .	man are playing a strange wall .	0
men in hard hats work along a wall .	man are playing a ball indoors .	0
men in hard hats work along a wall .	man are playing a loading accident .	0
men in hard hats work along a wall .	men are playing a bamboo history .	0
men in hard hats work along a wall .	man has a frozen picnic stable .	0
men in hard hats work along a wall .	men are playing a polka kiss .	0
men in hard hats work along a wall .	man are playing a strange conversation .	0
men in hard hats work along a wall .	man are playing ukulele at midnight .	0
men in hard hats work along a wall .	man are playing a noone fiddle .	0
men in hard hats work along a wall .	man are playing a ball indoors .	0
men in hard hats work along a wall .	man chops a red and wedding steps .	2
men in hard hats work along a wall .	man instructs the small came 's machinery .	2
men in hard hats work along a wall .	man bites the float in their mailbox .	2
men in hard hats work along a wall .	man stands are in the pool street .	2
men in hard hats work along a wall .	man mimes are in the countryside running .	2
men in hard hats work along a wall .	man kicking some tricks in the pool .	2
men in hard hats work along a wall .	man mingling paper in the pool 's .	2
men in hard hats work along a wall .	man instructs the white dogs in their .	2
men in hard hats work along a wall .	man kicking some battling in the courthouse .	2
men in hard hats work along a wall .	guys are signs in the christmas room .	2
a dog runs .	a dog runs	0
a dog runs .	people take appearance	0
a dog runs .	dog runs	0
a dog runs .	twenty men excercising	0
a dog runs .	men point amidst	0
a dog runs .	several people light	0
a dog runs .	people knoll sailing	0
a dog runs .	people sponsored light	0
a dog runs .	people narrow care	0
a dog runs .	people mow runs	0
a dog runs .	some dog runs	0
a dog runs .	group soaks wheels	0
a dog runs .	mixing man	0
a dog runs .	group guns	0
a dog runs .	some dog runs	0
a dog runs .	people leap runs	0
a dog runs .	people lounge	0
a dog runs .	dog running	0
a dog runs .	group runs activity	0
a dog runs .	some dog stuntman	0
a dog runs .	uniforms running	0
a dog runs .	some family flies	0
a dog runs .	bike dog hello	0
a dog runs .	group enjoys time	0
a dog runs .	people bands runs	0
a dog runs .	a dog runs	0
a dog runs .	people take mixing	0
a dog runs .	people take weeds	0
a dog runs .	people exchanging knives	0
a dog runs .	people funny	0
a dog runs .	group gets overtime	0
a dog runs .	a dog runs	0
a dog runs .	people take cones	0
a dog runs .	traditional people light	0
a dog runs .	team runs	0
a dog runs .	people take filming	0
a dog runs .	people crouched underwater	0
a dog runs .	several people	0
a dog runs .	a dog runs	0
a dog runs .	men squat	0
a dog runs .	the dog is walking	2
a man walking and carrying a notebook .	a man is on the way car together .	1
a man walking and carrying a notebook .	a man is on his way to sink .	1
a man walking and carrying a notebook .	a man is on the smell nyc .	1
a man walking and carrying a notebook .	a man is on the way jail outside .	1
a man walking and carrying a notebook .	a man is on the way sunbathing outside .	1
a man walking and carrying a notebook .	a man is on the way going talking .	1
a man walking and carrying a notebook .	a man is on the way going biker .	1
a man walking and carrying a notebook .	a man is on the way to beat .	1
a man walking and carrying a notebook .	a man is on the way words car .	1
a man walking and carrying a notebook .	a man is on the way information outside .	1
a man walking and carrying a notebook .	a man is on the way going somewhere .	1
a man walking and carrying a notebook .	a man is on the way going building .	1
a man walking and carrying a notebook .	a man is on the way fast task .	1
a man walking and carrying a notebook .	a man is on the british snare surgery .	1
a man walking and carrying a notebook .	a man is on the way jail together .	1
a man walking and carrying a notebook .	a man is on the way going driven .	1
a man walking and carrying a notebook .	a man is on the way going somewhere .	1
a man walking and carrying a notebook .	a man is on the way groomed .	1
a man walking and carrying a notebook .	a man is on the project slot garbage kebabs	1
a man walking and carrying a notebook .	a man is on the way going somewhere .	1
a man walking and carrying a notebook .	a man is on his way to draw .	1
a man walking and carrying a notebook .	a man is on the way slowly car .	1
a man walking and carrying a notebook .	the man is on his way to left watermelon	1
a man walking and carrying a notebook .	a man is on the spray ceiling engine .	1
a man walking and carrying a notebook .	a man is on the way to sink .	1
a man walking and carrying a notebook .	a man is on the way cluttered car	1
a man walking and carrying a notebook .	a man is on the way going mountain .	1
a man walking and carrying a notebook .	a man stands next to their <oov> .	0
a man walking and carrying a notebook .	a man is purple in the hand .	0
a man walking and carrying a notebook .	a man stands next to their cars .	0
a man walking and carrying a notebook .	a man stands next to their hand .	0
a man walking and carrying a notebook .	a man hanging bike banana in his hand	0
two dogs fighting over a pink and red toy	two dogs are in the backyard .	1
two dogs fighting over a pink and red toy	two dogs are in the backyard . .	1
two dogs fighting over a pink and red toy	two dogs are in the backyard . to	1
two dogs fighting over a pink and red toy	two dogs are in the backyard .	1
two dogs fighting over a pink and red toy	two dogs are in the backyard . to	1
two dogs fighting over a pink and red toy	two dogs are in the backyard . outside	1
two dogs fighting over a pink and red toy	two dogs are in the floor .	1
two dogs fighting over a pink and red toy	two dogs are in the backyard . .	1
two dogs fighting over a pink and red toy	the dogs are in the backyard . to	1
two dogs fighting over a pink and red toy	two dogs are in the backyard . to	1
two dogs fighting over a pink and red toy	two dogs are in the concert .	1
two dogs fighting over a pink and red toy	two dogs are in the backyard . .	1
two dogs fighting over a pink and red toy	two dogs are in the backyard . .	1
two dogs fighting over a pink and red toy	two dogs are in the backyard .	1
two dogs fighting over a pink and red toy	dogs are in a tropical . to	1
two dogs fighting over a pink and red toy	two dogs are in the backyard .	1
two dogs fighting over a pink and red toy	two dogs are in the floor .	1
two dogs fighting over a pink and red toy	two dogs are in the backyard . around	1
two dogs fighting over a pink and red toy	two dogs are in the workshop .	1
two dogs fighting over a pink and red toy	two dogs are in the backyard . outside	1
two dogs fighting over a pink and red toy	two dogs are in the backyard .	1
two dogs fighting over a pink and red toy	two dogs are in the backyard . people	1
two dogs fighting over a pink and red toy	two dogs are in the backyard . .	1
two dogs fighting over a pink and red toy	two dogs are in the backyard . treadmill	1
two dogs fighting over a pink and red toy	two dogs are in a floor .	1
two dogs fighting over a pink and red toy	two dogs are in the backyard . has	1
two dogs fighting over a pink and red toy	two dogs are in the backyard . to	1
two dogs fighting over a pink and red toy	two dogs are in the floor .	1
two dogs fighting over a pink and red toy	two dogs are in the concert .	1
two dogs fighting over a pink and red toy	two dogs are in the backyard .	1
two dogs fighting over a pink and red toy	two dogs are in a ring .	1
two dogs fighting over a pink and red toy	two dogs are eating cheetos in traditional parents .	2
two dogs fighting over a pink and red toy	two dogs are eating from their dog lawn	2
two dogs fighting over a pink and red toy	two muslim are eating mcdonalds their examining goods .	2
two dogs fighting over a pink and red toy	two dogs are eating cheetos their tongues tricycles .	2
two dogs fighting over a pink and red toy	two dogs are eating as their dog runners .	2
two dogs fighting over a pink and red toy	two man are eating kayaks in their bikinis .	2
two dogs fighting over a pink and red toy	two dogs are eating cheetos in their parents .	2
two dogs fighting over a pink and red toy	two dogs are eating cereal in their parents	2
two dogs fighting over a pink and red toy	two dogs are eating bowl on their fast goods	2
two dogs fighting over a pink and red toy	two dogs are eating videos their destination goods .	2
two dogs fighting over a pink and red toy	two dogs are eating concrete their museums up	2
two dogs fighting over a pink and red toy	three woman plays together while their old friday	2
two dogs fighting over a pink and red toy	two <oov> are eating leashes in their weekend .	2
two dogs fighting over a pink and red toy	two <oov> are eating cereal in their parents .	2
two dogs fighting over a pink and red toy	two dogs are eating 5k into their bags .	2
two dogs fighting over a pink and red toy	three woman dogs arriving their make south daylight	2
two dogs fighting over a pink and red toy	dogs are near the toy .	0
two dogs fighting over a pink and red toy	dogs are never the zoo .	0
two dogs fighting over a pink and red toy	dogs are near the brightly .	0
two dogs fighting over a pink and red toy	dogs are near the union .	0
two dogs fighting over a pink and red toy	ten are playing the bagpipes .	0
two dogs fighting over a pink and red toy	dogs are near the empty ocean .	0
two dogs fighting over a pink and red toy	dogs are near the pink .	0
two dogs fighting over a pink and red toy	dogs are near the toy .	0
two dogs fighting over a pink and red toy	four children are near the newspaper .	0
a schoolgirl is jumping over a low hurdle .	a girl is jumping over hurdle . <oov>	0
a schoolgirl is jumping over a low hurdle .	a girl is jumping over obstacles .	0
a schoolgirl is jumping over a low hurdle .	a girl is jumping over hurdle .	0
a schoolgirl is jumping over a low hurdle .	a girl is jumping over hurdle . a	0
a boy in the woods .	there is a boy in the woods .	0
a boy in the woods .	there is a boy in the dentist .	0
workers wearing orange vests stand near rail tracks .	another woman buries to their harness paying expressions	2
workers wearing orange vests stand near rail tracks .	bruce having people are riding the wrangle .	2
workers wearing orange vests stand near rail tracks .	an cheerleaders are playing with the accordion .	2
workers wearing orange vests stand near rail tracks .	an entertainer and sitting around different shops .	2
workers wearing orange vests stand near rail tracks .	carpenter are gay and american riding stage .	2
workers wearing orange vests stand near rail tracks .	an electric hikes and cow a bib .	2
workers wearing orange vests stand near rail tracks .	answer watching the tie of the sidelines .	2
workers wearing orange vests stand near rail tracks .	asians and sitting has the makeshift day .	2
workers wearing orange vests stand near rail tracks .	multiple people are sitting around the concert .	2
workers wearing orange vests stand near rail tracks .	an independent are burgers with the train .	2
workers wearing orange vests stand near rail tracks .	pets are sitting and riding different countries .	2
workers wearing orange vests stand near rail tracks .	happy people are watching the european burkas .	2
workers wearing orange vests stand near rail tracks .	officers band and fabric with taking tram .	2
workers wearing orange vests stand near rail tracks .	an entertainer and sitting around different colors .	2
workers wearing orange vests stand near rail tracks .	an air crashing and care a nap .	2
workers wearing orange vests stand near rail tracks .	highway observe and portrait riding a train .	2
workers wearing orange vests stand near rail tracks .	asians and sitting these riding the station .	2
workers wearing orange vests stand near rail tracks .	an image idle saloon and graffited row .	2
workers wearing orange vests stand near rail tracks .	asians and sitting taking with the photos .	2
workers wearing orange vests stand near rail tracks .	chickens watching are father to the australian .	2
workers wearing orange vests stand near rail tracks .	asians and sitting zipping with the ed .	2
workers wearing orange vests stand near rail tracks .	mounted often are sitting around the homosexual .	2
workers wearing orange vests stand near rail tracks .	an arab arrest and riding a straight .	2
workers wearing orange vests stand near rail tracks .	rhythmic and assignment reading with the train .	2
workers wearing orange vests stand near rail tracks .	children standing outside .	0
workers wearing orange vests stand near rail tracks .	1 woman standing outside .	0
workers wearing orange vests stand near rail tracks .	workers standing outside .	0
workers wearing orange vests stand near rail tracks .	there women are texting .	0
workers wearing orange vests stand near rail tracks .	woman standing outside .	0
workers wearing orange vests stand near rail tracks .	people standing outside .	0
workers wearing orange vests stand near rail tracks .	bruce there women .	0
workers wearing orange vests stand near rail tracks .	happy woman walking together . . .	0
workers wearing orange vests stand near rail tracks .	woman plays outdoors outside . a	0
workers wearing orange vests stand near rail tracks .	dolphin standing outside . .	0
workers wearing orange vests stand near rail tracks .	woman standing outside .	0
workers wearing orange vests stand near rail tracks .	people standing outside .	0
workers wearing orange vests stand near rail tracks .	passengers standing outside .	0
workers wearing orange vests stand near rail tracks .	people standing egg outside . a	0
workers wearing orange vests stand near rail tracks .	children standing outside .	0
workers wearing orange vests stand near rail tracks .	married woman standing outside .	0
workers wearing orange vests stand near rail tracks .	people standing outside .	0
workers wearing orange vests stand near rail tracks .	people standing outside .	0
workers wearing orange vests stand near rail tracks .	children standing outside .	0
workers wearing orange vests stand near rail tracks .	girl standing outside .	0
workers wearing orange vests stand near rail tracks .	hockey bin outdoors .	0
workers wearing orange vests stand near rail tracks .	girls outdoors walking .	0
workers wearing orange vests stand near rail tracks .	's officers standing outside . a	0
workers wearing orange vests stand near rail tracks .	people standing outside .	0
workers wearing orange vests stand near rail tracks .	children standing nicely outside . photographing were	0
workers wearing orange vests stand near rail tracks .	children standing outside .	0
workers wearing orange vests stand near rail tracks .	people standing outside .	0
workers wearing orange vests stand near rail tracks .	one girls are blindfolded .	0
workers wearing orange vests stand near rail tracks .	woman laughing is waving . to	0
workers wearing orange vests stand near rail tracks .	children standing outside .	0
workers wearing orange vests stand near rail tracks .	workers standing outside .	0
workers wearing orange vests stand near rail tracks .	people happy gesture outside . celtic	0
workers wearing orange vests stand near rail tracks .	woman plays fitting outside .	0
workers wearing orange vests stand near rail tracks .	sport person are outside . a	0
workers wearing orange vests stand near rail tracks .	children standing outside .	0
workers wearing orange vests stand near rail tracks .	girl standing outside .	0
workers wearing orange vests stand near rail tracks .	woman laughing outside . .	0
workers wearing orange vests stand near rail tracks .	people standing outside .	0
workers wearing orange vests stand near rail tracks .	children standing outside .	0
workers wearing orange vests stand near rail tracks .	workers sleeping are outside . .	0
children bathe in water from large drums .	the kids wore portfolio .	0
children bathe in water from large drums .	the kids wore climbed .	0
children bathe in water from large drums .	the kids wore statues .	0
children bathe in water from large drums .	the kids are wet .	0
children bathe in water from large drums .	the man seems that .	0
children bathe in water from large drums .	the kids are wet .	0
children bathe in water from large drums .	the man seems wet .	0
children bathe in water from large drums .	the kids know levi .	0
children bathe in water from large drums .	the man sprained drives .	0
children bathe in water from large drums .	the kids are wet .	0
children bathe in water from large drums .	the kids are sitted .	0
children bathe in water from large drums .	the kids are fat .	0
children bathe in water from large drums .	the kids cry freely .	0
children bathe in water from large drums .	the kids hops crashed .	0
children bathe in water from large drums .	the kids know videos .	0
children bathe in water from large drums .	the man seems sacks .	0
children bathe in water from large drums .	the kids are structures .	0
children bathe in water from large drums .	the kids know meats .	0
children bathe in water from large drums .	the man seems cotton .	0
children bathe in water from large drums .	the man knows fish . .	0
children bathe in water from large drums .	the man grills fish .	0
children bathe in water from large drums .	a large baton wet .	0
children bathe in water from large drums .	the kids know crush .	0
children bathe in water from large drums .	the kids were boxers . feats is	0
children bathe in water from large drums .	the kids wore 6 .	0
children bathe in water from large drums .	the man measures black . is	0
children bathe in water from large drums .	a large baton software .	0
children bathe in water from large drums .	the kids eat ds .	0
children bathe in water from large drums .	the man seems his bed .	0
children bathe in water from large drums .	the kids were oblivious .	0
children bathe in water from large drums .	the kids were statues .	0
children bathe in water from large drums .	the kids wore awful .	0
children bathe in water from large drums .	the man seems wet .	0
children bathe in water from large drums .	the kids shines sacks .	0
children bathe in water from large drums .	the kids wear tubes .	0
children bathe in water from large drums .	the man seems wet .	0
children bathe in water from large drums .	the man seems cotton .	0
children bathe in water from large drums .	the man seems wet .	0
children bathe in water from large drums .	the kids know popcorn .	0
a young boy giving his brother a piggyback ride	a boy is happy with his excited strawberry	2
a young boy giving his brother a piggyback ride	a boy is playing with his tooth rats .	2
a young boy giving his brother a piggyback ride	a boy is playing with his loved causes .	2
a young boy giving his brother a piggyback ride	a boy is playing with his spare rent .	2
a young boy giving his brother a piggyback ride	a boy is playing monopoly with his wrecked .	2
a young boy giving his brother a piggyback ride	a boy is playing with big his hoes .	2
a young boy giving his brother a piggyback ride	a boy is playing with khaki his tooth .	2
a young boy giving his brother a piggyback ride	a boy is playing with mr. his bra .	2
a young boy giving his brother a piggyback ride	a boy is playing with his holiday punished .	2
a young boy giving his brother a piggyback ride	a boy is playing with big textiles .	2
a young boy giving his brother a piggyback ride	a boy is playing with his voice event .	2
a young boy giving his brother a piggyback ride	a boy is playing with his crayons .	2
a young boy giving his brother a piggyback ride	a boy is playing with his aunt .	2
a young boy giving his brother a piggyback ride	a boy is playing with his weapon	2
a young boy giving his brother a piggyback ride	a boy is playing with his labrador freedom .	2
a young boy giving his brother a piggyback ride	a boy is playing with his tail .	2
a young boy giving his brother a piggyback ride	a boy is playing with his softball .	2
a young boy giving his brother a piggyback ride	a boy is playing with his whipped mask .	2
a young boy giving his brother a piggyback ride	a boy is playing with his homework toys	2
a young boy giving his brother a piggyback ride	a boy is playing with his formally balconies	2
a young boy giving his brother a piggyback ride	a boy is playing with his voice event .	2
a young boy giving his brother a piggyback ride	a boy is playing with his aunt .	2
a young boy giving his brother a piggyback ride	a boy is playing monopoly with his ribbon .	2
a young boy giving his brother a piggyback ride	a boy is playing with his glove .	2
a young boy giving his brother a piggyback ride	a boy is playing with his mixing fish .	2
a young boy giving his brother a piggyback ride	a boy is playing with his classmates sundress .	2
a young boy giving his brother a piggyback ride	a boy is playing with his freedom amidst .	2
a young boy giving his brother a piggyback ride	a boy is playing with his backpack .	2
a young boy giving his brother a piggyback ride	a boy is playing with his muzzle .	2
a young boy giving his brother a piggyback ride	a boy is playing with his tail .	2
a young boy giving his brother a piggyback ride	a boy is playing with big his instrument	2
the two boys are swimming with boogie boards .	the young person hikes in their son .	2
the two boys are swimming with boogie boards .	the two denver in this their apartment .	2
the two boys are swimming with boogie boards .	the two scientists in this city their friends .	2
the two boys are swimming with boogie boards .	the two sexy in bicycle laugh their friends .	2
the two boys are swimming with boogie boards .	the two males in similar their newborn climb .	2
the two boys are swimming with boogie boards .	the young person sitting in green bed .	2
the two boys are swimming with boogie boards .	the young person sitting in this bed .	2
the two boys are swimming with boogie boards .	the young person sitting in this bed .	2
the two boys are swimming with boogie boards .	the two snake in progress up bath .	2
the two boys are swimming with boogie boards .	the two merchants in their fierce ' skiing .	2
the two boys are swimming with boogie boards .	the young person sitting in green graffiti .	2
the two boys are swimming with boogie boards .	the young person sitting in green danger .	2
the two boys are swimming with boogie boards .	the two players in their goods cleats bed .	2
the two boys are swimming with boogie boards .	the two set in bicycle off large building .	2
the two boys are swimming with boogie boards .	the two players in games their furry gear	2
the two boys are swimming with boogie boards .	the young person sitting in green thanksgiving .	2
the two boys are swimming with boogie boards .	the young person sitting in green tub graffiti .	2
the two boys are swimming with boogie boards .	the two set up at their son .	2
the two boys are swimming with boogie boards .	the two drivers in green their skating .	2
the two boys are swimming with boogie boards .	the boy helped in this their worker .	2
the two boys are swimming with boogie boards .	the two players in this their balding .	2
the two boys are swimming with boogie boards .	the young person sitting in green suv bag	2
the two boys are swimming with boogie boards .	the two annoyed in this their son .	2
the two boys are swimming with boogie boards .	the young person sitting in this bed .	2
the two boys are swimming with boogie boards .	the two lift men in their son .	2
the two boys are swimming with boogie boards .	the two players in this their alley .	2
the two boys are swimming with boogie boards .	the young person sitting up his bath .	2
the two boys are swimming with boogie boards .	the two players in their this bath bed .	2
the two boys are swimming with boogie boards .	the two israeli passes in their son .	2
the two boys are swimming with boogie boards .	the young have been in this restaurant bed .	2
the two boys are swimming with boogie boards .	the two bay in this their bikinis .	2
two guys walking , one carrying a skateboard	men are carrying ripped .	2
two guys walking , one carrying a skateboard	men are carrying mascot gathered . celtic	2
two guys walking , one carrying a skateboard	men are carrying answer .	2
two guys walking , one carrying a skateboard	the men are drumming phones .	2
two guys walking , one carrying a skateboard	the men are indians sledge . <oov>	2
two guys walking , one carrying a skateboard	men are carrying plates together . carts .	2
two guys walking , one carrying a skateboard	men are carrying bicycles .	2
two guys walking , one carrying a skateboard	men are carrying fresh bicycles .	2
two guys walking , one carrying a skateboard	men are carrying laws together . <oov>	2
two guys walking , one carrying a skateboard	the men are walking to the park .	1
two guys walking , one carrying a skateboard	the man has no to the cosmetics .	1
two guys walking , one carrying a skateboard	the men are walking to the park .	1
two guys walking , one carrying a skateboard	the men are walking to the park .	1
two guys walking , one carrying a skateboard	the men are walking to the park .	1
two guys walking , one carrying a skateboard	the people are walking to the park .	1
two guys walking , one carrying a skateboard	the man walking to the park .	1
a brown dog runs through a grassy field	a man shoots a bell . about a	2
a brown dog runs through a grassy field	a man is mixing outside .	0
a brown dog runs through a grassy field	a brown dog was <oov> . is	0
a brown dog runs through a grassy field	a brown dog was outside . is	0
a brown dog runs through a grassy field	a man is rioting outside . a	0
a brown dog runs through a grassy field	a man is starving <oov> .	0
a brown dog runs through a grassy field	a man trying is <oov> .	0
a brown dog runs through a grassy field	a man is competeing <oov> .	0
a brown dog runs through a grassy field	a man is starving <oov> .	0
a brown dog runs through a grassy field	a man is experiencing <oov> . is	0
a brown dog runs through a grassy field	a man is transporting <oov> outside .	0
a brown dog runs through a grassy field	a brown dog chases <oov> . is	0
a brown dog runs through a grassy field	a man is flashing outside .	0
a brown dog runs through a grassy field	a man is polishing his wagon .	0
a brown dog runs through a grassy field	a man is sneaking outside . a	0
a brown dog runs through a grassy field	a brown dog is wagon outside .	0
a brown dog runs through a grassy field	a man is rubbing <oov> . after	0
a brown dog runs through a grassy field	a man is transporting outside .	0
a brown dog runs through a grassy field	a brown man is comforting . is	0
a brown dog runs through a grassy field	a man is docking <oov> .	0
a brown dog runs through a grassy field	a man is urinating outside .	0
a brown dog runs through a grassy field	the man is trying his art .	0
a brown dog runs through a grassy field	a man is mowed outside .	0
a brown dog runs through a grassy field	a brown dog hurts her . to	0
a brown dog runs through a grassy field	a man is smooth outside . at	0
a brown dog runs through a grassy field	a man is females his fries . is	0
a brown dog runs through a grassy field	a man is starving <oov> .	0
a brown dog runs through a grassy field	a man is rather outside .	0
a brown dog runs through a grassy field	a man is choking <oov> .	0
a brown dog runs through a grassy field	a man is starving <oov> .	0
a brown dog runs through a grassy field	a man is trying his art .	0
a brown dog runs through a grassy field	a man is weights <oov> .	0
a brown dog runs through a grassy field	a man is rather outside . barbies	0
a brown dog runs through a grassy field	a man is starving <oov> .	0
a brown dog runs through a grassy field	a brown dog was outside . a	0
a brown dog runs through a grassy field	a man is celebrated outside . at	0
a brown dog runs through a grassy field	a man is agile home outside .	0
a brown dog runs through a grassy field	the man is trying <oov> .	0
a brown dog runs through a grassy field	a man is starving <oov> .	0
a brown dog runs through a grassy field	a man is celebrated outside . a	0
a black dog is digging in the snow .	a one plays hundred troop in mourns .	0
a black dog is digging in the snow .	a dark warmly dog digging in steer light .	0
a black dog is digging in the snow .	a group is rafting raced in beds .	0
a black dog is digging in the snow .	a one spent is employees in bell .	0
a black dog is digging in the snow .	a one hawk plays twister in starbucks .	0
a black dog is digging in the snow .	a children floor skins customer in mittens .	0
a black dog is digging in the snow .	a one amish couple lie in west .	0
a black dog is digging in the snow .	a children holding electric treating tricks lit furniture .	0
a black dog is digging in the snow .	a one worker talks over in colorful wood .	0
a black dog is digging in the snow .	a children worked upon over a shuttle .	0
a black dog is digging in the snow .	a children wearing crocs jumping in the arctic .	0
a black dog is digging in the snow .	a one necklace plays tired in the snow .	0
a black dog is digging in the snow .	a one examined person vests in the snow .	0
a black dog is digging in the snow .	a group play monopoly up with objects .	0
a black dog is digging in the snow .	a one child plays loudly in silent .	0
a black dog is digging in the snow .	a one worker talks over very preparation fixing .	0
a black dog is digging in the snow .	a group female rocks is in jeans .	0
a black dog is digging in the snow .	a one vehicle closes tells in italy .	0
a black dog is digging in the snow .	a one mascara daughter painted jumping an sandpit	0
a black dog is digging in the snow .	a one puppet is color in her dad .	0
a black dog is digging in the snow .	a one skier sells slopes a certificate .	0
a black dog is digging in the snow .	a one foot cookout is in silent .	0
a black dog is digging in the snow .	a one man calls pedal and begin .	0
a black dog is digging in the snow .	a smiling man planting ends in grilling snow .	0
a black dog is digging in the snow .	a girl lights is urinating in his/her high	0
a black dog is digging in the snow .	a one worker plays hacky in the snow .	0
a black dog is digging in the snow .	a musician sings rowdy tutus in unhappy .	0
a black dog is digging in the snow .	a children worker vacuuming pedal in links .	0
a black dog is digging in the snow .	a stunt plays serving through the music .	0
a black dog is digging in the snow .	a one worker talks over in wrestling sheep .	0
a black dog is digging in the snow .	a girl order plays around some music .	0
a black dog is digging in the snow .	people are outside digging .	0
a black dog is digging in the snow .	a dog outside digging . .	0
a black dog is digging in the snow .	a dog outside digging . .	0
a black dog is digging in the snow .	man holds his kids .	0
a black dog is digging in the snow .	men in their work .	0
a black dog is digging in the snow .	men are in taking .	0
a black dog is digging in the snow .	men in their produce .	0
a black dog is digging in the snow .	man tennis his partner . man is	0
a black dog is digging in the snow .	men are in sacks .	0
a black dog is digging in the snow .	men are in amazement .	0
a black dog is digging in the snow .	a dog outside .	0
a black dog is digging in the snow .	a dog outside digging . .	0
a black dog is digging in the snow .	men are their crown .	0
a black dog is digging in the snow .	people are outside .	0
a black dog is digging in the snow .	men in their work . to	0
a black dog is digging in the snow .	a dog outside digging . . turkey	0
a black dog is digging in the snow .	men are in chairs .	0
a black dog is digging in the snow .	men in their produce .	0
a black dog is digging in the snow .	men in denim work . to	0
a black dog is digging in the snow .	a dog carrying babies .	0
a black dog is digging in the snow .	men in their valley . outside .	0
a black dog is digging in the snow .	a dog outside digging . .	0
a black dog is digging in the snow .	men in their work . is	0
a black dog is digging in the snow .	people are outside digging . .	0
a black dog is digging in the snow .	man holds his kids .	0
a black dog is digging in the snow .	dog in his chocolate . .	0
a black dog is digging in the snow .	a dog outside digging . .	0
a black dog is digging in the snow .	men are their work . at	0
a black dog is digging in the snow .	a dog outside digging . .	0
a black dog is digging in the snow .	men are in period .	0
a black dog is digging in the snow .	men are in store . celtic	0
a black dog is digging in the snow .	man in his city . a	0
a black dog is digging in the snow .	men are their work .	0
a black dog is digging in the snow .	men in their work . with	0
a black dog is digging in the snow .	a dog carrying babies .	0
a black dog is digging in the snow .	men in their work . is	0
a black dog is digging in the snow .	men are in denim .	0
a black dog is digging in the snow .	man left their work . <oov>	0
a black dog is digging in the snow .	a dog outside .	0
a black dog is digging in the snow .	man holds <oov> badly .	0
a black dog is digging in the snow .	a cat running down a beach	2
a black dog is digging in the snow .	a women riding a plane	2
a girl jumps in the air .	a girl jumping peacefully on glass federal .	2
a girl jumps in the air .	a girl jumping rope on newborn him .	2
a girl jumps in the air .	a girl jumping rope grazing on mars .	2
a girl jumps in the air .	woman leaps up hammering on computers lake .	2
a girl jumps in the air .	a girl harley bananas splashes on uneven .	2
a girl jumps in the air .	a girl picks up with fingernails on .	2
a girl jumps in the air .	a girl jumping rope on mars with .	2
a girl jumps in the air .	a girl jumping busking shows on another .	2
a girl jumps in the air .	a girl jumping fashion instead on another .	2
a girl jumps in the air .	a girl sees raced karaoke on mars .	2
a girl jumps in the air .	a girl jumping home on foot paws running	2
a girl jumps in the air .	a girl held karaoke listening on shoreline .	2
a girl jumps in the air .	woman line hound delivered on foot down .	2
a girl jumps in the air .	woman line up wigs with their mouths .	2
a girl jumps in the air .	a girl jumping rope on foot man .	2
a girl jumps in the air .	a girl pushes dishwasher on computers on .	2
a girl jumps in the air .	an angry baby waves fields on soccerball .	2
a girl jumps in the air .	a girl jumping rope on foot 's .	2
a girl jumps in the air .	a girl jumping rope handshake on grass .	2
a girl jumps in the air .	a girl jumping rope on tile another .	2
a girl jumps in the air .	a girl jumping rope shin on foot .	2
a girl jumps in the air .	a girl jumping illegally pinball on another .	2
a girl jumps in the air .	a girl need valentine on dry another .	2
a girl jumps in the air .	a girl jumping rope ladder on mars .	2
a girl jumps in the air .	a girl picks up clay on steps .	2
kids are looking at something on a table .	some kids are playing the old ocean .	2
kids are looking at something on a table .	some kids are playing the old red .	2
kids are looking at something on a table .	some kids are playing the plants ocean .	2
kids are looking at something on a table .	some person are playing the your polo .	2
kids are looking at something on a table .	some kids are playing the old sharpie .	2
kids are looking at something on a table .	some kids are holding the purple board .	2
kids are looking at something on a table .	some kids are holding the moon of microscopes .	2
kids are looking at something on a table .	some kids are holding the purple board .	2
kids are looking at something on a table .	some kids are playing the world young .	2
kids are looking at something on a table .	some kids are playing the pillow down .	2
kids are looking at something on a table .	some kids are holding the old puppy .	2
kids are looking at something on a table .	some kids are playing the crashes down .	2
kids are looking at something on a table .	some kids are holding the audio down .	2
kids are looking at something on a table .	some kids are playing the old ocean .	2
kids are looking at something on a table .	some man carrying the table has red .	2
kids are looking at something on a table .	some kids are holding the old handler ocean .	2
kids are looking at something on a table .	some kids are holding the mule shows .	2
kids are looking at something on a table .	some kids are holding the movies built .	2
kids are looking at something on a table .	some kids are playing the old ocean .	2
kids are looking at something on a table .	some kids are holding the old puppy .	2
kids are looking at something on a table .	some kids are playing the repaired down .	2
kids are looking at something on a table .	some kids are holding the down street .	2
kids are looking at something on a table .	some kids are playing the asia down .	2
kids are looking at something on a table .	some kids are holding the x built .	2
kids are looking at something on a table .	some kids are holding the old ocean .	2
kids are looking at something on a table .	some kids are holding the commuters is .	2
kids are looking at something on a table .	some kids are holding the old woman .	2
kids are looking at something on a table .	some kids are playing the old post .	2
kids are looking at something on a table .	some kids are holding the old woman ocean	2
kids are looking at something on a table .	some kids are playing the world red .	2
kids are looking at something on a table .	some kids are playing the old almost building	2
kids are looking at something on a table .	some kids are playing the old ocean .	2
kids are looking at something on a table .	some person are the blues how street .	2
kids are looking at something on a table .	some kids are holding the old puppy .	2
kids are looking at something on a table .	some kids are playing the world shows .	2
kids are looking at something on a table .	some kids are holding the bike shows .	2
kids are looking at something on a table .	some kids are holding the old ocean .	2
kids are looking at something on a table .	some kids are holding the shows bike .	2
kids are looking at something on a table .	some kids are playing the support ocean .	2
skateboarder sliding down a ramp	a skateboarder is riding and a silver chest home	1
skateboarder sliding down a ramp	a skateboarder is riding from a trampoline bag .	1
skateboarder sliding down a ramp	a skateboarder is riding a scooter for style .	1
skateboarder sliding down a ramp	a skateboarder is riding a scooter for sliced .	1
skateboarder sliding down a ramp	a skateboarder is riding for a half competition .	1
skateboarder sliding down a ramp	a skateboarder is riding for a prize competition .	1
skateboarder sliding down a ramp	a skateboarder is riding a scooter for donations .	1
skateboarder sliding down a ramp	a skateboarder is riding a scooter for argentina .	1
skateboarder sliding down a ramp	a skateboarder is riding her for a competition .	1
skateboarder sliding down a ramp	a skateboarder is a black painting . to	0
skateboarder sliding down a ramp	a skateboarder is a black belt .	0
skateboarder sliding down a ramp	the skateboarder is doing a trick . to	0
skateboarder sliding down a ramp	a skateboarder is a black belt .	0
skateboarder sliding down a ramp	a skateboarder is a black belt . ,	0
skateboarder sliding down a ramp	a skateboarder is a black belt .	0
skateboarder sliding down a ramp	a skateboarder is a black actions .	0
skateboarder sliding down a ramp	a skateboarder is a black bin .	0
skateboarder sliding down a ramp	a skateboarder is a black chalkboard .	0
skateboarder sliding down a ramp	a helicopter is a black blackberry . taller	0
skateboarder sliding down a ramp	a skateboarder is a black piece . host	0
skateboarder sliding down a ramp	a skateboarder is a black length .	0
skateboarder sliding down a ramp	a skateboarder is a canine trick .	0
skateboarder sliding down a ramp	a skateboarder is a black diver .	0
skateboarder sliding down a ramp	a ribbon is a mascot . a	0
skateboarder sliding down a ramp	a skateboarder is a black backdrop .	0
skateboarder sliding down a ramp	a skateboarder is a black instrument . used	0
skateboarder sliding down a ramp	a skateboarder is a black basement .	0
skateboarder sliding down a ramp	a skateboarder is a black belt . anger	0
skateboarder sliding down a ramp	a skateboarder is a black belt . anger	0
skateboarder sliding down a ramp	a skateboarder is a toothpaste trick .	0
skateboarder sliding down a ramp	a skateboarder is a black belt .	0
skateboarder sliding down a ramp	the skateboarder is a competitive trick .	0
skateboarder sliding down a ramp	a skateboarder is a black belt . arranged	0
skateboarder sliding down a ramp	a skateboarder is a black belt . switch	0
skateboarder sliding down a ramp	a skateboarder is a black faced . a	0
skateboarder sliding down a ramp	the skateboarder is a stream trick .	0
skateboarder sliding down a ramp	a skateboarder is a black belt . <oov>	0
skateboarder sliding down a ramp	a skateboarder is a black celebrity .	0
skateboarder sliding down a ramp	a skateboarder is a black belt . throught	0
skateboarder sliding down a ramp	a fixes is a black belt . melon	0
skateboarder sliding down a ramp	a helicopter is a black piece . to	0
skateboarder sliding down a ramp	the skateboarder is a stream trick . tickling	0
skateboarder sliding down a ramp	a skateboarder is a black sheet .	0
skateboarder sliding down a ramp	a skateboarder is hosting a trick .	0
skateboarder sliding down a ramp	a skateboarder is a black belt . neither	0
baby in running in over-sized flip-flops .	a young boy is playing with a camera	2
baby in running in over-sized flip-flops .	a boy is smoking with a piece outdoors .	2
baby in running in over-sized flip-flops .	a boy is recording a swingset with goat .	2
baby in running in over-sized flip-flops .	a young boy is playing with a camera .	2
baby in running in over-sized flip-flops .	a boy is dead a violin with a bass	2
baby in running in over-sized flip-flops .	a young boy is playing with a camera .	2
baby in running in over-sized flip-flops .	a young boy is playing with a basketball	2
baby in running in over-sized flip-flops .	a boy is wearing a piece of metal	2
baby in running in over-sized flip-flops .	a young boy is playing with a goat .	2
baby in running in over-sized flip-flops .	a young boy is playing with a sport .	2
baby in running in over-sized flip-flops .	a boy is spotting a sidewalk on sofa .	2
baby in running in over-sized flip-flops .	a young boy is playing with a basketball	2
baby in running in over-sized flip-flops .	a young boy is playing with a camera .	2
baby in running in over-sized flip-flops .	a young boy is playing with a sled .	2
baby in running in over-sized flip-flops .	a boy is fighting with a bend on cellphones	2
baby in running in over-sized flip-flops .	a boy is fighting with a bend on .	2
baby in running in over-sized flip-flops .	a boy is body a piece with tv .	2
baby in running in over-sized flip-flops .	a boy is kneading with a bend on wires	2
baby in running in over-sized flip-flops .	a young boy is playing with a basketball game	2
baby in running in over-sized flip-flops .	a young boy is playing with a snowman .	2
baby in running in over-sized flip-flops .	a baby is running .	0
baby in running in over-sized flip-flops .	a baby is running .	0
baby in running in over-sized flip-flops .	a baby is running .	0
baby in running in over-sized flip-flops .	a baby duck running .	0
baby in running in over-sized flip-flops .	a baby is running .	0
baby in running in over-sized flip-flops .	a baby is running .	0
baby in running in over-sized flip-flops .	a baby is running .	0
baby in running in over-sized flip-flops .	a baby is running .	0
baby in running in over-sized flip-flops .	a baby is running .	0
baby in running in over-sized flip-flops .	a baby carts running .	0
baby in running in over-sized flip-flops .	a baby is running .	0
kid holding handles on two wheeled object	the kid is asleep .	2
kid holding handles on two wheeled object	the kid is asleep .	2
kid holding handles on two wheeled object	the lady has hands .	0
kid holding handles on two wheeled object	the lady has hands .	0
kid holding handles on two wheeled object	the artist has hands .	0
kid holding handles on two wheeled object	the hose has hands . about the	0
kid holding handles on two wheeled object	the lady has hands .	0
kid holding handles on two wheeled object	the lady has hands . ,	0
kid holding handles on two wheeled object	the lady has hands .	0
kid holding handles on two wheeled object	the lady has lipstick .	0
kid holding handles on two wheeled object	the lady has hands .	0
kid holding handles on two wheeled object	the lady has hands .	0
kid holding handles on two wheeled object	the lady has hands .	0
kid holding handles on two wheeled object	the woman has hands . ,	0
kid holding handles on two wheeled object	the lady has murky .	0
kid holding handles on two wheeled object	the artist are alone .	0
kid holding handles on two wheeled object	the person has hands .	0
kid holding handles on two wheeled object	the lady has sledding .	0
kid holding handles on two wheeled object	the lady has hands .	0
kid holding handles on two wheeled object	the fireman has hands . group	0
kid holding handles on two wheeled object	the lady has hands .	0
kid holding handles on two wheeled object	the woman has hands . turkey	0
kid holding handles on two wheeled object	the lady has barking .	0
kid holding handles on two wheeled object	the lady has hands .	0
kid holding handles on two wheeled object	the lady outdoors has . is	0
kid holding handles on two wheeled object	the lady outdoors are testing .	0
kid holding handles on two wheeled object	the kid has hands .	0
kid holding handles on two wheeled object	the motorcyclists are outdoors .	0
kid holding handles on two wheeled object	the lady has hands .	0
kid holding handles on two wheeled object	the lady has hands . people	0
kid holding handles on two wheeled object	the bears has hands .	0
kid holding handles on two wheeled object	the lady outdoors smelling .	0
a man is walking in the street .	a man is walking outside . across	0
a man is walking in the street .	a man is walking outside . object	0
a man is walking in the street .	a man is walking outside . a	0
a man is walking in the street .	a man is walking outside . <oov>	0
a man is walking in the street .	a man is walking outside . attack	0
a man is walking in the street .	a man is walking outside . boy	0
a man is walking in the street .	a man is walking outside . tips	0
a man is walking in the street .	a man is walking outside . ,	0
a man is walking in the street .	a man is walking outside . a	0
a man is walking in the street .	a man is walking outside . ascend	0
a man is walking in the street .	a man is walking outside . a	0
a man is walking in the street .	a man is walking outside . people	0
a man is walking in the street .	a man is walking outside . <oov>	0
a man is walking in the street .	a man is walking outside . a	0
a man is walking in the street .	man is walking outside windows . a	0
a man is walking in the street .	a man is walking outside . a	0
a man is walking in the street .	a man is walking outside . of	0
a man is walking in the street .	a man is walking outside . from	0
a man is walking in the street .	a man is walking outside . of	0
a man is walking in the street .	a man is walking outside . <oov>	0
a man is walking in the street .	a man is walking outside . a	0
a man is walking in the street .	a man is walking outside . a	0
a man is walking in the street .	a man is walking outside . there	0
a man is walking in the street .	a man is walking outside . donkeys	0
a man is walking in the street .	a man is walking outside . to	0
a man is walking in the street .	a man is walking outside . <oov>	0
a man is walking in the street .	a man is walking outside . a	0
a man is walking in the street .	a man is walking outside . carts	0
a man is walking in the street .	a man is walking outside . cocoa frown	0
a man is walking in the street .	a man is walking outside . <oov>	0
a man is walking in the street .	a man is walking outside . wave	0
a man is walking in the street .	a man is walking outside . a	0
a man is walking in the street .	a man is walking outside . a	0
a man is walking in the street .	a man is walking outside . a	0
a man is walking in the street .	a man is walking outside . dust	0
a man is walking in the street .	a man is walking outside . a	0
a man is walking in the street .	a man is walking outside . <oov>	0
man and women standing under a red umbrella .	two woman is carrying something fish the umbrella .	2
man and women standing under a red umbrella .	two woman in a ravine down the fence .	2
man and women standing under a red umbrella .	two woman is carrying tucked people by the toy	2
man and women standing under a red umbrella .	two woman is carrying cotton down the trees .	2
man and women standing under a red umbrella .	two woman in the tops down the trees inside	2
man and women standing under a red umbrella .	two woman is carrying steaks down the umbrella .	2
man and women standing under a red umbrella .	two the woman photographers belong the black umbrella .	2
man and women standing under a red umbrella .	two woman is carrying madison cotton the fish .	2
man and women standing under a red umbrella .	two woman is carrying a red and umbrella .	2
man and women standing under a red umbrella .	two woman is carrying a red on fire	2
man and women standing under a red umbrella .	two woman is carrying cloths down the town .	2
man and women standing under a red umbrella .	two woman is carrying lemonade wave the park	2
man and women standing under a red umbrella .	two woman in wind mammals down the leaves .	2
man and women standing under a red umbrella .	two woman is carrying rearing down the carnival	2
man and women standing under a red umbrella .	two woman in a aprons dresses the board game	2
man and women standing under a red umbrella .	two woman and sister imitates by a stand .	2
man and women standing under a red umbrella .	two woman is carrying rollerblading down the trees .	2
man and women standing under a red umbrella .	they pleasant it in the spotlight .	0
man and women standing under a red umbrella .	they cry blossom by the wall .	0
man and women standing under a red umbrella .	they 're person the apple .	0
man and women standing under a red umbrella .	they 're crafted the grilled .	0
man and women standing under a red umbrella .	they 're invisible in the water .	0
man and women standing under a red umbrella .	they shared interesting by graffiti .	0
man and women standing under a red umbrella .	they amusement decorations is the guy .	0
man and women standing under a red umbrella .	they overcast they <oov> the water .	0
man and women standing under a red umbrella .	they cap continue the tail . a	0
man and women standing under a red umbrella .	they were lit the corner .	0
man and women standing under a red umbrella .	they 're stir around the water .	0
man and women standing under a red umbrella .	they encouraging drooling the color . to	0
man and women standing under a red umbrella .	they flags velvet <oov> the avenue . 's	0
man and women standing under a red umbrella .	they man hail the world .	0
man and women standing under a red umbrella .	they nation interesting the water .	0
man and women standing under a red umbrella .	they 're hits the guy . <oov>	0
man and women standing under a red umbrella .	they 're wife the woods . of	0
man and women standing under a red umbrella .	they shield participates by the stream .	0
man and women standing under a red umbrella .	they were batting through the picture .	0
man and women standing under a red umbrella .	they were driving around the water .	0
man and women standing under a red umbrella .	they harvest shift through the masters . had	0
man and women standing under a red umbrella .	they womans by the carnival .	0
man and women standing under a red umbrella .	they prancing owns the union . a	0
man and women standing under a red umbrella .	they loiter catch the umbrella . of	0
man and women standing under a red umbrella .	they overweight 1 by the snacks .	0
man and women standing under a red umbrella .	they 're widely in the spotlight .	0
man and women standing under a red umbrella .	married making a collie on an original asleep .	1
man and women standing under a red umbrella .	an outdoor cowboys margaritas on parked the trees .	1
man and women standing under a red umbrella .	an outdoor performers places in the coffee .	1
man and women standing under a red umbrella .	an outdoor performers sitting in the park .	1
man and women standing under a red umbrella .	an outdoor couple draw their weight aim .	1
man and women standing under a red umbrella .	the married couple jumps by side-by-side yelled .	1
man and women standing under a red umbrella .	an outdoor performers bumper in the park .	1
man and women standing under a red umbrella .	an outdoor path having classic video board .	1
man and women standing under a red umbrella .	an outdoor performers signal in the yell .	1
man and women standing under a red umbrella .	an outdoor cowboys travelling in the coffee .	1
man and women standing under a red umbrella .	an outdoor performers dropped in the forest .	1
man and women standing under a red umbrella .	the married couple lay on the fountains park .	1
man and women standing under a red umbrella .	married spectators a bath on the cement .	1
man and women standing under a red umbrella .	an outdoor boys night in the water .	1
man and women standing under a red umbrella .	an outdoor performers sniffing in the park .	1
man and women standing under a red umbrella .	little girls blowing ther in the scenic .	1
man and women standing under a red umbrella .	an outdoor couple are washing the water park .	1
man and women standing under a red umbrella .	an outdoor cowboys enjoys near their extended it	1
man and women standing under a red umbrella .	two teenagers public a quiet on containers .	1
man and women standing under a red umbrella .	an outdoor performers were in this igloo .	1
man and women standing under a red umbrella .	an outdoor performers sitting in the hallway .	1
man and women standing under a red umbrella .	an outdoor performers scene in the photo .	1
man and women standing under a red umbrella .	an outdoor performers having rivals in the park	1
man and women standing under a red umbrella .	an outdoor elephants sitting on the cement walkway .	1
man and women standing under a red umbrella .	little girls demonstrate blocks on the sidewalks .	1
man and women standing under a red umbrella .	an outdoor cowboys converse in the coffee .	1
a light colored dog leaps over a hurdle .	a dog is sleeping on the table .	2
man with beard doing skateboarding stunt	a clean shaven man poses . <oov>	2
man with beard doing skateboarding stunt	a ginger man wearing gardening .	2
man with beard doing skateboarding stunt	a younger cashier man poses . a	2
man with beard doing skateboarding stunt	a crane ventriloquist happens scaffolding .	2
man with beard doing skateboarding stunt	a crane measuring plays tag .	2
man with beard doing skateboarding stunt	a crane plays tag a . a	2
man with beard doing skateboarding stunt	a stewardess mature man sings .	2
man with beard doing skateboarding stunt	a younger man tagged poses . a	2
man with beard doing skateboarding stunt	a younger man is staying .	2
man with beard doing skateboarding stunt	a younger man is welding .	2
man with beard doing skateboarding stunt	a clean shaven man welding .	2
man with beard doing skateboarding stunt	a barber bush play birthday .	2
man with beard doing skateboarding stunt	a younger man performs nigerian . load	2
man with beard doing skateboarding stunt	a mermaid man is explaining .	2
man with beard doing skateboarding stunt	a younger man competes skirts .	2
man with beard doing skateboarding stunt	a younger man cookbook cuddled .	2
man with beard doing skateboarding stunt	a clean shaven man poses . ,	2
man with beard doing skateboarding stunt	a youth man sells guns .	2
man with beard doing skateboarding stunt	a younger man ar baseball . of	2
man with beard doing skateboarding stunt	a younger man tropical renovated .	2
man with beard doing skateboarding stunt	a person makes .	0
man with beard doing skateboarding stunt	a person makes .	0
man with beard doing skateboarding stunt	the man works . . woody	0
man with beard doing skateboarding stunt	a person makes .	0
man with beard doing skateboarding stunt	a person makes .	0
man with beard doing skateboarding stunt	the man smiles . a	0
man with beard doing skateboarding stunt	a person makes .	0
man with beard doing skateboarding stunt	a person strings .	0
man with beard doing skateboarding stunt	a person screams . .	0
man with beard doing skateboarding stunt	a person inline . . .	0
man with beard doing skateboarding stunt	a person sunning . .	0
man with beard doing skateboarding stunt	a person screams . .	0
man with beard doing skateboarding stunt	the man embraces . .	0
man with beard doing skateboarding stunt	a person passes .	0
man with beard doing skateboarding stunt	the woman makes delight .	0
man with beard doing skateboarding stunt	a person makes .	0
man with beard doing skateboarding stunt	a person combs . .	0
man with beard doing skateboarding stunt	a person guiding . . .	0
man with beard doing skateboarding stunt	a person sunning . . .	0
man with beard doing skateboarding stunt	a person screams . . female	0
man with beard doing skateboarding stunt	a person screams . . .	0
man with beard doing skateboarding stunt	a person makes .	0
man with beard doing skateboarding stunt	a person drove . .	0
man with beard doing skateboarding stunt	a person sniffing .	0
man with beard doing skateboarding stunt	the man harvesting . . to a	0
man with beard doing skateboarding stunt	the man works . . to	0
man with beard doing skateboarding stunt	a person laid .	0
man with beard doing skateboarding stunt	a person rubbing .	0
man with beard doing skateboarding stunt	a person makes .	0
man with beard doing skateboarding stunt	a person smiles .	0
man with beard doing skateboarding stunt	a woman makes .	0
man with beard doing skateboarding stunt	the man swung . . <oov>	0
man with beard doing skateboarding stunt	a person makes .	0
man with beard doing skateboarding stunt	a woman makes .	0
man with beard doing skateboarding stunt	a person makes .	0
man with beard doing skateboarding stunt	the man pilots . . .	0
man with beard doing skateboarding stunt	a person snapping .	0
a young man wearing dark sunglasses smiling	a guy is wearing sunglasses . <oov>	0
a young man wearing dark sunglasses smiling	a guy is wearing sunglasses .	0
a young man wearing dark sunglasses smiling	a guy is wearing sunglasses . christmas	0
a young man wearing dark sunglasses smiling	a guy is wearing sunglasses . a	0
a young man wearing dark sunglasses smiling	a guy is wearing sunglasses . toppings	0
a young man wearing dark sunglasses smiling	a guy is wearing sunglasses . a	0
a young man wearing dark sunglasses smiling	a guy is wearing sunglasses . <oov>	0
a young man wearing dark sunglasses smiling	an a hippie is curious .	0
a young man wearing dark sunglasses smiling	a guy is wearing sunglasses .	0
a young man wearing dark sunglasses smiling	a guy is wearing sunglasses . pilot	0
a young man wearing dark sunglasses smiling	a guy is wearing sunglasses . at	0
a young man wearing dark sunglasses smiling	a guy is wearing sunglasses . a	0
a young man wearing dark sunglasses smiling	a guy is wearing sunglasses . a	0
a young man wearing dark sunglasses smiling	an <oov> tunnel is busy . one-armed	0
a young man wearing dark sunglasses smiling	an guy is wearing sunglasses . at	0
a young man wearing dark sunglasses smiling	an a carnival is navigates . .	0
a young man wearing dark sunglasses smiling	a guy is wearing sunglasses .	0
a young man wearing dark sunglasses smiling	a guy is wearing sunglasses . <oov>	0
a young man wearing dark sunglasses smiling	an a town is clearing . animal	0
a young man wearing dark sunglasses smiling	a guy is wearing sunglasses . <oov>	0
a young man wearing dark sunglasses smiling	a guy is wearing defends . to	0
a young man wearing dark sunglasses smiling	a guy is wearing sunglasses . <oov>	0
a young man wearing dark sunglasses smiling	a guy is wearing sunglasses . a	0
a young man wearing dark sunglasses smiling	a guy is wearing sunglasses . examine	0
a young man wearing dark sunglasses smiling	an helicopter is wearing horse . virginia <oov>	0
a young man wearing dark sunglasses smiling	an a person is wildly .	0
a young man wearing dark sunglasses smiling	a guy is wearing sunglasses . a	0
a young man wearing dark sunglasses smiling	a boy is taking an exam playhouse man	2
indian men selling food items on the sidewalk	men are enjoying food on the sidewalk .	0
indian men selling food items on the sidewalk	men are preparing food in the den .	0
indian men selling food items on the sidewalk	men are enjoying hanging under the shore .	0
indian men selling food items on the sidewalk	<oov> men are side with a wave .	0
indian men selling food items on the sidewalk	men are attracted food and a bar .	0
indian men selling food items on the sidewalk	men are attracted food and fishing piercings .	0
indian men selling food items on the sidewalk	men are enjoying food on the equipment .	0
indian men selling food items on the sidewalk	men are enjoying food on the mountaintop .	0
indian men selling food items on the sidewalk	men are camp food on the street .	0
indian men selling food items on the sidewalk	men are sorting food on the equipment .	0
indian men selling food items on the sidewalk	men are enjoying food on the equipment .	0
indian men selling food items on the sidewalk	men are enjoying food on the mountaintop .	0
indian men selling food items on the sidewalk	men are enjoying hanging under a sail .	0
indian men selling food items on the sidewalk	men are cruising side at a bride .	0
indian men selling food items on the sidewalk	men are unhappy food on the street .	0
indian men selling food items on the sidewalk	men are enjoying suits sitting and items .	0
indian men selling food items on the sidewalk	men are buying food on the steps .	2
indian men selling food items on the sidewalk	men are buying food on the countryside .	2
indian men selling food items on the sidewalk	men are buying food on the mountaintop .	2
indian men selling food items on the sidewalk	men are buying food on the sidewalk .	2
indian men selling food items on the sidewalk	people are buying food on the mountaintop .	2
indian men selling food items on the sidewalk	people are buying food on the steps .	2
indian men selling food items on the sidewalk	<oov> crowd are buying torches under the audience .	2
indian men selling food items on the sidewalk	people are buying food on the sidewalk .	2
indian men selling food items on the sidewalk	men are buying food on the vegetation .	2
indian men selling food items on the sidewalk	men are buying food on the mountaintop .	2
indian men selling food items on the sidewalk	men are buying food on the loom .	2
indian men selling food items on the sidewalk	men are buying food on the ground .	2
indian men selling food items on the sidewalk	two men are buying on the lakers steps	2
indian men selling food items on the sidewalk	men are buying food on the mountaintop .	2
indian men selling food items on the sidewalk	men are buying food on the loom .	2
indian men selling food items on the sidewalk	<oov> men are buying on the sidewalk .	2
indian men selling food items on the sidewalk	men are chopping food on the busy .	2
indian men selling food items on the sidewalk	men are buying food on the entertainment .	2
indian men selling food items on the sidewalk	men are buying food on the steps .	2
indian men selling food items on the sidewalk	men are buying food on the pond .	2
indian men selling food items on the sidewalk	men are buying food on the sidewalk .	2
indian men selling food items on the sidewalk	men are buying food on the pond .	2
indian men selling food items on the sidewalk	men are buying food on the loom .	2
indian men selling food items on the sidewalk	<oov> crowd are brave with down fishing .	2
indian men selling food items on the sidewalk	men are buying food on the sandy .	2
indian men selling food items on the sidewalk	men are buying food on the loom .	2
indian men selling food items on the sidewalk	men are buying food on the razor .	2
indian men selling food items on the sidewalk	men are buying food on the opposite .	2
indian men selling food items on the sidewalk	two men are buying on the coast .	2
indian men selling food items on the sidewalk	men are chopping hanging under the shore .	2
indian men selling food items on the sidewalk	men are de food on the sidewalk .	2
indian men selling food items on the sidewalk	people are lounging de on the countryside .	2
indian men selling food items on the sidewalk	men are buying food on the loom .	2
indian men selling food items on the sidewalk	men are buying food on the sidewalk .	2
indian men selling food items on the sidewalk	men are buying food on the mountaintop .	2
indian men selling food items on the sidewalk	men are buying food on the shelves .	2
people sitting in chairs along a tree-lined sidewalk .	the man the woman passes lovers .	1
people sitting in chairs along a tree-lined sidewalk .	the people are the beans shopping	1
people sitting in chairs along a tree-lined sidewalk .	the people are the outstretched crash	1
people sitting in chairs along a tree-lined sidewalk .	the people are the human lovers	1
people sitting in chairs along a tree-lined sidewalk .	the people are the toyota hitter	1
people sitting in chairs along a tree-lined sidewalk .	the people are the jazz left	1
people sitting in chairs along a tree-lined sidewalk .	the people are the landing edible .	1
people sitting in chairs along a tree-lined sidewalk .	the people are the jazz pipes	1
people sitting in chairs along a tree-lined sidewalk .	the people are the shade of airplanes	1
people sitting in chairs along a tree-lined sidewalk .	the people are the judging bus	1
people sitting in chairs along a tree-lined sidewalk .	the people are the break corsets	1
people sitting in chairs along a tree-lined sidewalk .	the people are the kiosk stands	1
people sitting in chairs along a tree-lined sidewalk .	the people are the pause shopping	1
people sitting in chairs along a tree-lined sidewalk .	the people are the professionally shopping	1
people sitting in chairs along a tree-lined sidewalk .	the people are the going series	1
people sitting in chairs along a tree-lined sidewalk .	the people are the stocking shopping	1
people sitting in chairs along a tree-lined sidewalk .	the people are the going about screens	1
people sitting in chairs along a tree-lined sidewalk .	people are standing on the pavement	2
people sitting in chairs along a tree-lined sidewalk .	people are standing on the pavement	2
people sitting in chairs along a tree-lined sidewalk .	people are standing on the pavement	2
people sitting in chairs along a tree-lined sidewalk .	people are standing on the pavement	2
people sitting in chairs along a tree-lined sidewalk .	people are standing on the pavement	2
people sitting in chairs along a tree-lined sidewalk .	people are standing on the pavement	2
people sitting in chairs along a tree-lined sidewalk .	people are standing on the pavement	2
people sitting in chairs along a tree-lined sidewalk .	people are standing on the pavement	2
people sitting in chairs along a tree-lined sidewalk .	people are standing on the pavement	2
people sitting in chairs along a tree-lined sidewalk .	people are standing on the pavement	2
people sitting in chairs along a tree-lined sidewalk .	people are standing on the pavement	2
people sitting in chairs along a tree-lined sidewalk .	people are standing on the pavement	2
people sitting in chairs along a tree-lined sidewalk .	people are standing on the pavement	2
people sitting in chairs along a tree-lined sidewalk .	people are standing on the pavement	2
people sitting in chairs along a tree-lined sidewalk .	people are standing on the pavement	2
people sitting in chairs along a tree-lined sidewalk .	people are standing on the pavement	2
people sitting in chairs along a tree-lined sidewalk .	people are standing on the pavement	2
people sitting in chairs along a tree-lined sidewalk .	people are standing on the pavement	2
people sitting in chairs along a tree-lined sidewalk .	people are standing on the pavement	2
people sitting in chairs along a tree-lined sidewalk .	people are standing on the pavement	2
people sitting in chairs along a tree-lined sidewalk .	people are standing on the pavement	2
people sitting in chairs along a tree-lined sidewalk .	people are standing on the pavement	2
people sitting in chairs along a tree-lined sidewalk .	people are standing on the pavement	2
people sitting in chairs along a tree-lined sidewalk .	people are standing on the pavement	2
people sitting in chairs along a tree-lined sidewalk .	people are standing on the pavement	2
people sitting in chairs along a tree-lined sidewalk .	people are standing on the pavement	2
people sitting in chairs along a tree-lined sidewalk .	people are standing on the pavement	2
people sitting in chairs along a tree-lined sidewalk .	people are standing on the pavement	2
people sitting in chairs along a tree-lined sidewalk .	people are standing on the pavement	2
people sitting in chairs along a tree-lined sidewalk .	people are standing on the pavement	2
people sitting in chairs along a tree-lined sidewalk .	people are standing on the pavement	2
people sitting in chairs along a tree-lined sidewalk .	people are standing on the pavement	2
people sitting in chairs along a tree-lined sidewalk .	people are standing on the pavement	2
people sitting in chairs along a tree-lined sidewalk .	people are standing on the pavement	2
people sitting in chairs along a tree-lined sidewalk .	people are standing on the pavement	2
people sitting in chairs along a tree-lined sidewalk .	people are standing on the pavement	2
people sitting in chairs along a tree-lined sidewalk .	people are standing on the pavement	2
people sitting in chairs along a tree-lined sidewalk .	people are standing on the pavement	2
people sitting in chairs along a tree-lined sidewalk .	people are standing on the pavement	2
people sitting in chairs along a tree-lined sidewalk .	people are standing on the pavement .	2
people sitting in chairs along a tree-lined sidewalk .	people are eating popcorn	0
people sitting in chairs along a tree-lined sidewalk .	people are intently in chairs	0
people sitting in chairs along a tree-lined sidewalk .	people are bar in freedom	0
people sitting in chairs along a tree-lined sidewalk .	people are coloring duck	0
people sitting in chairs along a tree-lined sidewalk .	people are carying what	0
people sitting in chairs along a tree-lined sidewalk .	people are visiting american	0
people sitting in chairs along a tree-lined sidewalk .	people are american flags outside	0
people sitting in chairs along a tree-lined sidewalk .	people are engaged in chairs	0
people sitting in chairs along a tree-lined sidewalk .	people are eating balls	0
a girl crosscountry skis .	a girl is artistic down the park ground	2
a girl crosscountry skis .	a bartender is mixing down the park .	2
a girl crosscountry skis .	a child is sat down the park .	2
a girl crosscountry skis .	a child is sticking down the park .	2
a girl crosscountry skis .	a girl is strolling down the park .	2
a girl crosscountry skis .	a girl is strolling down the park .	2
a girl crosscountry skis .	a jeep is licking down behind the fish .	2
a girl crosscountry skis .	a marble performed down narrow the park .	2
a girl crosscountry skis .	a poster skater is down the park .	2
a girl crosscountry skis .	a girl is strolling down the park .	2
a girl crosscountry skis .	a gladiator is spending down the park .	2
a girl crosscountry skis .	a girl is strolling down the park .	2
a girl crosscountry skis .	a girl is strolling down the park .	2
a girl crosscountry skis .	a girl is strolling down the park .	2
a girl crosscountry skis .	a tailor slave down bicyclists on the park road	2
a girl crosscountry skis .	a child is steak down the park .	2
a girl crosscountry skis .	a girl is strolling down the park .	2
a girl crosscountry skis .	a surgeon is strolling down the park .	2
a girl crosscountry skis .	a jeep is confused down the park .	2
a girl crosscountry skis .	a girl is strolling down the park .	2
a girl crosscountry skis .	a motor racer is spending down the park .	2
a girl crosscountry skis .	a girl is strolling down the park .	2
a girl crosscountry skis .	a girl is strolling down the park .	2
a girl crosscountry skis .	a girl is strolling down the park .	2
a girl crosscountry skis .	a grocer player is grilling down behind .	2
a girl crosscountry skis .	a girl is strolling down the park .	2
a girl crosscountry skis .	a jeep is amusing down the park .	2
a girl crosscountry skis .	a girl is strolling down the park .	2
a girl crosscountry skis .	a girl is explaining down the park .	2
a girl crosscountry skis .	a girl is celebrating down the park .	2
a girl crosscountry skis .	a bustling is strolling down the park .	2
a girl crosscountry skis .	a terrorist is upset down the park .	2
a girl crosscountry skis .	a girl is strolling down the park .	2
a girl crosscountry skis .	a jeep is experiencing down the park .	2
a girl crosscountry skis .	a slinky is spending down the park .	2
a girl crosscountry skis .	a girl is strolling down the park .	2
a girl crosscountry skis .	a girl is strolling down the park .	2
a girl crosscountry skis .	a bright boarder on boat . <oov>	0
a girl crosscountry skis .	a bright workers are red .	0
a girl crosscountry skis .	a bright wheeler on skis .	0
a girl crosscountry skis .	a bright parasailer on bars . bike	0
a girl crosscountry skis .	a girl has on skis .	0
a girl crosscountry skis .	a covered wizard on red .	0
a girl crosscountry skis .	a girl has on red . has	0
a red-haired woman playing the violin	a woman is performing at a concert .	1
a red-haired woman playing the violin	a woman is performing at a concert .	1
a red-haired woman playing the violin	a woman is performing at a ballet .	1
a red-haired woman playing the violin	the young group is performing at concert .	1
a red-haired woman playing the violin	a woman is performing at a concert .	1
a red-haired woman playing the violin	a woman is performing at a concert .	1
a red-haired woman playing the violin	a woman is performing at a concert .	1
a red-haired woman playing the violin	a woman is performing at a ballet .	1
a red-haired woman playing the violin	a woman is performing at a ballet .	1
a red-haired woman playing the violin	a woman is performing at a ballet .	1
a red-haired woman playing the violin	a woman is performing at a ballet .	1
a red-haired woman playing the violin	a woman is performing at a concert .	1
a red-haired woman playing the violin	a woman is performing at a concert .	1
a red-haired woman playing the violin	a woman is performing at a concert .	1
a red-haired woman playing the violin	a woman is performing at a ballet .	1
a red-haired woman playing the violin	a woman is performing at a concert .	1
a red-haired woman playing the violin	a woman is performing at a ballet .	1
a red-haired woman playing the violin	a woman is performing at a concert .	1
a red-haired woman playing the violin	a woman is performing at a ballet .	1
a red-haired woman playing the violin	a woman is performing at a ballet .	1
a red-haired woman playing the violin	a woman is performing at a concert .	1
a red-haired woman playing the violin	a woman is performing at a concert .	1
a red-haired woman playing the violin	a woman is performing at a concert .	1
a red-haired woman playing the violin	a woman is performing at a ballet .	1
a red-haired woman playing the violin	a woman is performing at a concert .	1
a red-haired woman playing the violin	a woman is performing at a ballet .	1
a red-haired woman playing the violin	a woman is performing at a ballet .	1
a red-haired woman playing the violin	a woman is performing at a concert .	1
a red-haired woman playing the violin	a woman is performing at a concert .	1
a red-haired woman playing the violin	a woman is performing at a concert .	1
a red-haired woman playing the violin	a woman is performing at a concert .	1
a red-haired woman playing the violin	a woman is performing at a ballet .	1
a red-haired woman playing the violin	a woman is performing at a concert .	1
a red-haired woman playing the violin	a woman is performing at a concert .	1
a red-haired woman playing the violin	a woman is performing at a ballet .	1
a red-haired woman playing the violin	a woman is performing at a concert .	1
a red-haired woman playing the violin	a woman is performing at a concert .	1
a red-haired woman playing the violin	a woman is performing at a ballet .	1
a red-haired woman playing the violin	a group of people at a concert .	1
a red-haired woman playing the violin	a woman is performing at a concert .	1
a red-haired woman playing the violin	a person is playing an instrument . football	0
a red-haired woman playing the violin	a <oov> holds a fairly package .	2
a red-haired woman playing the violin	a tall woman jogging a rainy .	2
a red-haired woman playing the violin	a tall woman holds her toddler .	2
a red-haired woman playing the violin	a fishing <oov> wins a gate .	2
a red-haired woman playing the violin	a barber holds her friends sea .	2
a red-haired woman playing the violin	a women holds her family steak .	2
a red-haired woman playing the violin	a holds a selfie wheelers learning .	2
a red-haired woman playing the violin	a tourist holds a broken purchased .	2
a red-haired woman playing the violin	a tall woman her red stack .	2
a red-haired woman playing the violin	a holds <oov> braiding a package .	2
a red-haired woman playing the violin	a tall woman recently a slide .	2
a red-haired woman playing the violin	a tall woman garbage trials boardwalk .	2
a red-haired woman playing the violin	a tourist holds a broken inspects .	2
a red-haired woman playing the violin	a holds <oov> includes a toast .	2
a red-haired woman playing the violin	a <oov> holds a workout tucked .	2
a red-haired woman playing the violin	a tall woman making a scratch .	2
a red-haired woman playing the violin	a tall woman jogging a gate .	2
a red-haired woman playing the violin	a behind the lots of dalmation .	2
a red-haired woman playing the violin	a sign holds a smart package . of	2
a red-haired woman playing the violin	a tall woman jogging a gate .	2
a red-haired woman playing the violin	a mormon holds a newborn pet .	2
a red-haired woman playing the violin	a woman holds her reflected act .	2
a red-haired woman playing the violin	a shore holds a horse spreads .	2
a red-haired woman playing the violin	a tall woman jogging a superhero .	2
a red-haired woman playing the violin	a woman holds her newborn act .	2
a red-haired woman playing the violin	a tourist <oov> a volley padded .	2
a red-haired woman playing the violin	a exhibit holds a horse obedience .	2
a red-haired woman playing the violin	a tourist holds a winter sledgehammer .	2
a red-haired woman playing the violin	a women holds her doctor are guitars .	2
a red-haired woman playing the violin	a tall woman tells a gate .	2
a red-haired woman playing the violin	a <oov> holds a knife raised .	2
a red-haired woman playing the violin	a woman holds her kitchen tightly .	2
a red-haired woman playing the violin	a <oov> holds a broken drifting .	2
a red-haired woman playing the violin	a sign <oov> a real steaming .	2
a red-haired woman playing the violin	a sign from a red gate day	2
a man is renovating a room .	a man is in a room .	0
a man is renovating a room .	a man is in a room .	0
a man is renovating a room .	a man is posing outside in the grass .	2
a man is renovating a room .	a man is laying outside the squirrel bigger .	2
a man is renovating a room .	a man is laying outside in the grass	2
a man is renovating a room .	a man is laying outside the finals woods .	2
a man is renovating a room .	a man is laying outside the main plaza .	2
a man is renovating a room .	a man is laying outside the younger elevator .	2
a man is renovating a room .	a man is laying outside the disco brace .	2
a man is renovating a room .	a man is donating outside the man terrain	2
a man is renovating a room .	a man is laying outside in the grass .	2
a man is renovating a room .	a man is laying outside the younger love	2
a man is renovating a room .	a man is laying outside the younger aunt .	2
a man is renovating a room .	a man is laying outside the foot elevator .	2
a man is renovating a room .	a man is watching biker in the grass .	2
a man is renovating a room .	a man is laying outside in the grass	2
a man is renovating a room .	a man is laying outside the younger table .	2
a man is renovating a room .	a man is laying outside the younger steps .	2
a man is renovating a room .	a man is laying outside the waters street .	2
a man is renovating a room .	a man is laying outside the foot stretcher vandalized	2
a man is renovating a room .	a man is laying outside in the grass .	2
a man is renovating a room .	a man is laying outside the younger older .	2
a man is renovating a room .	a man is laying outside the younger love .	2
a man is renovating a room .	a man is laying outside in the grass .	2
a man is renovating a room .	a man is laying outside the main stall .	2
a man is renovating a room .	a man is laying outside the tax street .	2
three people sitting on some stairs laughing .	a man is paintings . is	1
three people sitting on some stairs laughing .	a man is applauding .	1
three people sitting on some stairs laughing .	a shiny is famous .	1
three people sitting on some stairs laughing .	the man is scowling .	1
three people sitting on some stairs laughing .	the man is graduating .	1
three people sitting on some stairs laughing .	the man is unattended .	1
three people sitting on some stairs laughing .	the man is collecting .	1
three people sitting on some stairs laughing .	the man is paintings .	1
three people sitting on some stairs laughing .	the man is peeling .	1
three people sitting on some stairs laughing .	the man is collecting .	1
three people sitting on some stairs laughing .	a man is stocking . a	1
three people sitting on some stairs laughing .	the man is stocking . a	1
three people sitting on some stairs laughing .	the man is turned .	1
three people sitting on some stairs laughing .	the man is collecting .	1
three people sitting on some stairs laughing .	the man is cleaned .	1
three people sitting on some stairs laughing .	the man is lion . is	1
three people sitting on some stairs laughing .	a man is stocking . a	1
three people sitting on some stairs laughing .	the man is dribbling .	1
three people sitting on some stairs laughing .	a man is paintings . is	1
three people sitting on some stairs laughing .	a man is paintings .	1
three people sitting on some stairs laughing .	a man is wrestles .	1
three people sitting on some stairs laughing .	the man is kilt . is	1
three people sitting on some stairs laughing .	a man is collecting .	1
three people sitting on some stairs laughing .	a man is weeds .	1
three people sitting on some stairs laughing .	the man is collecting pottery .	1
three people sitting on some stairs laughing .	the man is signing .	1
three people sitting on some stairs laughing .	the man is towing .	1
three people sitting on some stairs laughing .	the man is steering . a	1
three people sitting on some stairs laughing .	a banner is vacuuming .	1
three people sitting on some stairs laughing .	a background is dusting . a turkey	1
three people sitting on some stairs laughing .	a man is gliding . a	1
three people sitting on some stairs laughing .	a man is squirt .	1
three people sitting on some stairs laughing .	the man is motionless .	1
three people sitting on some stairs laughing .	the man is holder .	1
three people sitting on some stairs laughing .	a dog three his dog . is	0
three people sitting on some stairs laughing .	a dog three people .	0
three people sitting on some stairs laughing .	a dog counting people .	0
three people sitting on some stairs laughing .	a teaching group outside . is turkey	0
three people sitting on some stairs laughing .	a giraffe beats outside . with strategy	0
three people sitting on some stairs laughing .	a dog is pedaling . is	0
three people sitting on some stairs laughing .	a dog pedaling is . to	0
three people sitting on some stairs laughing .	a dog three his dog .	0
three people sitting on some stairs laughing .	a dog pedaling is . is	0
three people sitting on some stairs laughing .	a dog baggy while people .	0
three people sitting on some stairs laughing .	a dog pretends to . people yorkie	0
three people sitting on some stairs laughing .	a dog enjoyed people . `	0
three people sitting on some stairs laughing .	a lacrosse dog is .	0
three people sitting on some stairs laughing .	a dog prays is . is	0
three people sitting on some stairs laughing .	a dog three his rolls . at a	0
three people sitting on some stairs laughing .	a dog three his dog . is	0
3 girls chatting and laughing on the stairwell .	a group of people maybe a alley .	1
3 girls chatting and laughing on the stairwell .	a group of people maybe eating dinner .	1
3 girls chatting and laughing on the stairwell .	a group of girls is having fun .	1
3 girls chatting and laughing on the stairwell .	a group of girls wave a skydiving .	1
3 girls chatting and laughing on the stairwell .	a group of girls having a blindfold .	1
3 girls chatting and laughing on the stairwell .	a group of girls wave a makeshift .	1
3 girls chatting and laughing on the stairwell .	a group of <oov> is planning wildly .	1
3 girls chatting and laughing on the stairwell .	a group of girls wave a cockpit .	1
3 girls chatting and laughing on the stairwell .	a group of people read a bbq .	1
3 girls chatting and laughing on the stairwell .	a group of girls having a skydiving .	1
3 girls chatting and laughing on the stairwell .	a group of girls is making sang .	1
3 girls chatting and laughing on the stairwell .	a group of girls is having fun .	1
3 girls chatting and laughing on the stairwell .	a group of girls having a consoles .	1
3 girls chatting and laughing on the stairwell .	a group of girls is having fun .	1
3 girls chatting and laughing on the stairwell .	a group of girls is having fun .	1
3 girls chatting and laughing on the stairwell .	a group of girls share a long .	1
3 girls chatting and laughing on the stairwell .	a group of girls wave a golf .	1
3 girls chatting and laughing on the stairwell .	a group of girls wave crosscountry ice .	1
3 girls chatting and laughing on the stairwell .	a group of girls having a moonwalk .	1
3 girls chatting and laughing on the stairwell .	a group of girls having a benefit .	1
3 girls chatting and laughing on the stairwell .	a group of girls having a ice .	1
3 girls chatting and laughing on the stairwell .	a group of girls is a political .	1
3 girls chatting and laughing on the stairwell .	a group of girls is having fun .	1
3 girls chatting and laughing on the stairwell .	a group of girls is having fun .	1
3 girls chatting and laughing on the stairwell .	a group of girls is having fun .	1
3 girls chatting and laughing on the stairwell .	a group of girls having a mess .	1
3 girls chatting and laughing on the stairwell .	a group of girls having a downed .	1
<oov> workers are standing around .	<oov> person stands indoors on the sponge building	1
<oov> workers are standing around .	two men that waiting on the docks	1
<oov> workers are standing around .	<oov> are landing gathered on the balcony .	1
<oov> workers are standing around .	the group of sit on the notebook .	1
<oov> workers are standing around .	two men sit gathered on the hill .	1
<oov> workers are standing around .	two men sit gathered on the tiles	1
<oov> workers are standing around .	two men sit drawings on the hill	1
<oov> workers are standing around .	two people sit on mascot quietly the corner	1
<oov> workers are standing around .	two men sit on completely the dump	1
<oov> workers are standing around .	her men boy waiting on the lawn	1
<oov> workers are standing around .	two people sit on coins and vests	1
<oov> workers are standing around .	two men sit on furniture on the porch .	1
<oov> workers are standing around .	two men sit waiting on the docks	1
<oov> workers are standing around .	<oov> workers writing waiting on the terrace	1
<oov> workers are standing around .	two men ride horses on the building	1
<oov> workers are standing around .	two men sit on bleachers the red	1
<oov> workers are standing around .	two men sit on furniture on the headphones .	1
<oov> workers are standing around .	<oov> smoking stands on the snowy road	1
<oov> workers are standing around .	three woman sit on furniture on the porch .	1
<oov> workers are standing around .	two men ride earlier on the balcony	1
<oov> workers are standing around .	two men sit gathered on the hill	1
<oov> workers are standing around .	boy <oov> waiting to on the balcony	1
<oov> workers are standing around .	two men ride horses on the roads	1
<oov> workers are standing around .	<oov> workers are waiting on the docks .	1
<oov> workers are standing around .	two people sit on furniture on the porch .	1
<oov> workers are standing around .	two men sit on furniture on the building	1
<oov> workers are standing around .	two people sit on vessels the park	1
<oov> workers are standing around .	two men sit on furniture on the pavement .	1
<oov> workers are standing around .	two men sit on vacations moving some stairs	1
<oov> workers are standing around .	two people sit on rafts against the park .	1
<oov> workers are standing around .	two people sit gathered on the dashboard	1
<oov> workers are standing around .	two men sit on furniture of the leaves .	1
<oov> workers are standing around .	two people ride gathered on the hill	1
<oov> workers are standing around .	two men sit on furniture on the structure .	1
a person crossing a bridge with train tracks .	a traveler is helping engagement and sister .	0
a person crossing a bridge with train tracks .	a hospital cowgirl is arranging with trees .	0
a person crossing a bridge with train tracks .	a medium avoids harvested far and name .	0
a person crossing a bridge with train tracks .	a pail is exerting concert 's eyes .	0
a person crossing a bridge with train tracks .	a diamond turns is floating across cloudy .	0
a person crossing a bridge with train tracks .	a cadet is bride cooking their ice .	0
a person crossing a bridge with train tracks .	a train is transporting passengers with trees .	0
a person crossing a bridge with train tracks .	a train is interviewing bottles and soup .	0
a person crossing a bridge with train tracks .	a train is interviewing many electrical ! .	0
a person crossing a bridge with train tracks .	a medium bucket is skull and frowning .	0
a person crossing a bridge with train tracks .	a train is interviewing arranging and unhappy .	0
a person crossing a bridge with train tracks .	a ceramic box is dentist so mid-air .	0
a person crossing a bridge with train tracks .	a folding is practices mardi on ice .	0
a person crossing a bridge with train tracks .	a conductor is suite about the office .	0
a person crossing a bridge with train tracks .	a guy is bouncing romantically and camels .	0
a person crossing a bridge with train tracks .	a gardener is helping someone on it .	0
a person crossing a bridge with train tracks .	a building is trotting handgun or it ?	0
a person crossing a bridge with train tracks .	a recliner is solo direct and hero .	0
a person crossing a bridge with train tracks .	a building is competeing lowering electrical board .	0
a person crossing a bridge with train tracks .	a train is dozes utah facing placard .	0
a person crossing a bridge with train tracks .	a pail is skilled than an experiment .	0
a person crossing a bridge with train tracks .	a medium muzzle practices with their friends .	0
a person crossing a bridge with train tracks .	a pail train is competeing across stripper .	0
a person crossing a bridge with train tracks .	a medium researcher discussion mountaineers is happy .	0
a person crossing a bridge with train tracks .	a conductor is disney everest with camels .	0
times square in new york .	the lady is outside a aircraft .	0
times square in new york .	the farmer is outside a facility .	0
times square in new york .	the lady enjoying a black pirate .	0
times square in new york .	the lady is outside a hood .	0
times square in new york .	the lady is outside a locked .	0
times square in new york .	the lady enjoying a black club .	0
times square in new york .	the lady is outside a spotlight .	0
times square in new york .	the lady is delayed a place .	0
times square in new york .	the lady is outside a pirate .	0
times square in new york .	the pigs is outside a wreck .	0
times square in new york .	the lady is outside a subway .	0
times square in new york .	the lady is outside a pie .	0
times square in new york .	the lady is outside a restaraunt .	0
times square in new york .	the lady rode a hand roof .	0
times square in new york .	the lady is consuming a place .	0
times square in new york .	the lady is 6 a place .	0
times square in new york .	the lady is sign near inside .	0
times square in new york .	the scene is black near ridge .	0
times square in new york .	the lady is outside a pirate .	0
times square in new york .	the losing does a polka meant .	0
times square in new york .	the ballerina is outside a wreck .	0
times square in new york .	the lady enjoying a black club .	0
times square in new york .	the lady is outside a wreckage .	0
times square in new york .	the lady is outside a place .	0
times square in new york .	the ballerina is outside a sombrero .	0
times square in new york .	the lady is outside a wreck .	0
times square in new york .	the suv is outside a place .	0
two men and a frisbee	two men a pink toy .	0
two men and a frisbee	two men a towel street . .	0
two men and a frisbee	two men a pink dresses . <oov>	0
two men and a frisbee	two men a participants outside . to a	0
two men and a frisbee	two men are with a . naughty	0
two men and a frisbee	two men a pink toy . a	0
two men and a frisbee	two men are arresting by . at	0
two men and a frisbee	two men a pink sale . <oov>	0
two men and a frisbee	a boy in a loves . harm what	0
two men and a frisbee	two men a pink umbrella . boy	0
two men and a frisbee	two men are prepares by .	0
two men and a frisbee	two men a bulldozer toy .	0
two men and a frisbee	two men a pink toy .	0
two men and a frisbee	two men a items outside . <oov> crash	0
two men and a frisbee	two men a person farming . .	0
two men and a frisbee	two men a pink toy .	0
two men and a frisbee	two men a sharp bug . <oov>	0
two men and a frisbee	two men a towel street . man .	0
two men and a frisbee	two men a pink black . <oov>	0
two men and a frisbee	two men a person vests . outside	0
two men and a frisbee	two men a pink dresses . <oov>	0
two men and a frisbee	two men a nice street . .	0
two men and a frisbee	a boy running through a park .	0
two men and a frisbee	two men a towel street . a youngster	0
two men and a frisbee	a boy running by a .	0
two men and a frisbee	two men a pink outside . <oov>	0
two men and a frisbee	two men a boy snoopy .	0
two men and a frisbee	two men a towel street . boy showering	0
two men and a frisbee	two men are with black . carts .	0
two men and a frisbee	two men a bulldozer museum . some	0
two men and a frisbee	two men a pink toy .	0
two men and a frisbee	two men a bulldozer on . a	0
two men and a frisbee	two men a towel street . <oov>	0
two men and a frisbee	two men a watermelon indoors . <oov>	0
two men and a frisbee	two men a pink toy .	0
two men and a frisbee	two men a involving trombone . class	0
two men and a frisbee	two men a pink museum . to a	0
two men and a frisbee	a boy playing pokemon with soccer players .	1
two men and a frisbee	a woman playing with muzzles to costume . .	1
two men and a frisbee	a woman playing with ultimate frisbee memories .	1
two men and a frisbee	a woman playing with no frisbee booths .	1
two men and a frisbee	a woman playing with peek is ice .	1
two men and a frisbee	a two men playing with shiny litter .	1
two men and a frisbee	a men playing snooze at recess buildings .	1
two men and a frisbee	a woman playing with musical plays toddler .	1
two men and a frisbee	a two men playing with plays frisbee .	1
two men and a frisbee	a woman playing with devil amongst daughter .	1
two men and a frisbee	a two men playing with frisbee 2 .	1
two men and a frisbee	a woman playing with peek enjoying frisbee .	1
two men and a frisbee	a woman playing with wings plays cats .	1
two men and a frisbee	a two men playing with frisbee actors .	1
two men and a frisbee	a woman playing with shoe stolen to .	1
two men and a frisbee	a two men playing with frisbee argument .	1
two men and a frisbee	two men playing competitive with a frisbee .	1
two men and a frisbee	a woman playing with grow plays sales .	1
two men and a frisbee	a woman playing with fabrics at frisbee .	1
two men and a frisbee	two men playing munching with cardboard are .	1
two men and a frisbee	a two men playing with frisbee turtle .	1
two men and a frisbee	a two men playing with musical sleeved .	1
two men and a frisbee	a woman playing with super plays buildings .	1
two men and a frisbee	a <oov> crowd forms with a frisbee .	1
two men and a frisbee	a woman playing with leash plays it .	1
two men and a frisbee	a group playing running with a basketball .	2
two men and a frisbee	a woman playing with a basketball .	2
a man is kayaking in rough waters .	a golfer is hitting water 2008 and cousins women	2
a man is kayaking in rough waters .	a girl is handing water on the man .	2
a man is kayaking in rough waters .	a girl is grabbing water around his catch .	2
a man is kayaking in rough waters .	a white dogs paddle walks on the statues .	2
a man is kayaking in rough waters .	a girl is grabbing business slam while the water	2
a man is kayaking in rough waters .	a golfer is eating pitch breakfast in the rain	2
a man is kayaking in rough waters .	a white puppy is good for the man .	2
a man is kayaking in rough waters .	a girl is n't giraffes on the man .	2
a man is kayaking in rough waters .	a bolt is sleeping out spraying the man .	2
a man is kayaking in rough waters .	a statue is hitting bite on the man .	2
a man is kayaking in rough waters .	a baby is budweiser bars on the man .	2
a man is kayaking in rough waters .	a white baby is collecting donations on the restroom	2
a man is kayaking in rough waters .	a girl is grabbing squats on the town .	2
a man is kayaking in rough waters .	a golfer is cutting bars on the town	2
a man is kayaking in rough waters .	a gypsy is n't giraffes on the man .	2
a man is kayaking in rough waters .	a statue is popular hiking backwards and no <oov>	2
a man is kayaking in rough waters .	a haircut is sleeping out hole while guitar .	2
a man is kayaking in rough waters .	a brunette is advertising water chocolate and hijab .	2
a man is kayaking in rough waters .	a barber is collecting diving crush and <oov> .	2
a man is kayaking in rough waters .	a statue is sleeping gesture questions in the boat	2
the man is sweeping with a red broom .	the man is replacing dirt .	0
the man is sweeping with a red broom .	the man is jet dirt .	0
the man is sweeping with a red broom .	the man is folding focusing .	0
the man is sweeping with a red broom .	the man is jet dirt .	0
the man is sweeping with a red broom .	the man is jet dirt .	0
the man is sweeping with a red broom .	the man is sweeping	0
the man is sweeping with a red broom .	the man is sweeping	0
the man is sweeping with a red broom .	the man is sweeping	0
the man is sweeping with a red broom .	the man is sweeping	0
the man is sweeping with a red broom .	the man is sweeping	0
the man is sweeping with a red broom .	the man is sweeping	0
the man is sweeping with a red broom .	the man is sweeping	0
the man is sweeping with a red broom .	the man is sweeping	0
the man is sweeping with a red broom .	the man is sweeping	0
the man is sweeping with a red broom .	the man is sweeping	0
the man is sweeping with a red broom .	the man is sweeping	0
the man is sweeping with a red broom .	the man is sweeping	0
the man is sweeping with a red broom .	the man is sweeping	0
the man is sweeping with a red broom .	the man is sweeping	0
the man is sweeping with a red broom .	the man is sweeping	0
the man is sweeping with a red broom .	the man is sweeping	0
the man is sweeping with a red broom .	the man is sweeping	0
the man is sweeping with a red broom .	the man is sweeping	0
the man is sweeping with a red broom .	the man is sweeping	0
the man is sweeping with a red broom .	the man is sweeping	0
the man is sweeping with a red broom .	the man is sweeping	0
the man is sweeping with a red broom .	the man is sweeping	0
the man is sweeping with a red broom .	the man is sweeping	0
the man is sweeping with a red broom .	the man is sweeping	0
the man is sweeping with a red broom .	the man is sweeping	0
the man is sweeping with a red broom .	the man is sweeping	0
the man is sweeping with a red broom .	the man is sweeping	0
the man is sweeping with a red broom .	the man is sweeping	0
the man is sweeping with a red broom .	the man is sweeping	0
the man is sweeping with a red broom .	the man is sweeping	0
the man is sweeping with a red broom .	the man is sweeping	0
the man is sweeping with a red broom .	the man is sweeping	0
the man is sweeping with a red broom .	the man is sweeping	0
the man is sweeping with a red broom .	the man is sweeping	0
the man is sweeping with a red broom .	the man is sweeping	0
the man is sweeping with a red broom .	the man is sweeping	0
the man is sweeping with a red broom .	the man is sweeping	0
the man is sweeping with a red broom .	the man is sweeping	0
the man is sweeping with a red broom .	the man is sweeping	0
the man is sweeping with a red broom .	the man is sweeping	0
three men are standing on stage performing .	men sleeping on hoops cemetary . <oov>	0
three men are standing on stage performing .	men sleeping outside on a train . knocked	0
three men are standing on stage performing .	men are riding on the stage . 's	0
three men are standing on stage performing .	men are focused on a stage . onesie	0
three men are standing on stage performing .	a dog slept on a stage . not	0
three men are standing on stage performing .	men sleeping together on the laundromat .	0
three men are standing on stage performing .	men are riding on that made . frown	0
three men are standing on stage performing .	men advertising design on a stage . dropped	0
three men are standing on stage performing .	men are sleeping on the stage . to	0
three men are standing on stage performing .	men race around on a stage . posters	0
three men are standing on stage performing .	men race around on a stage . to	0
three men are standing on stage performing .	men are riding on a stage . about	0
three men are standing on stage performing .	men are sleeping on the viewer .	0
three men are standing on stage performing .	men are prepping on a stage .	0
three men are standing on stage performing .	men are riding on a skateboard .	0
three men are standing on stage performing .	men meets on a legal skateboard . and	0
three men are standing on stage performing .	men are riding on a skateboard . vendor .	0
three men are standing on stage performing .	men are sleeping on a skateboard .	0
three men are standing on stage performing .	men sleeping on a landscape .	0
three men are standing on stage performing .	men are riding on a stage . <oov>	0
three men are standing on stage performing .	a dog lies on a stage . cheer	0
three men are standing on stage performing .	men race rolling on a city . .	0
three men are standing on stage performing .	men sleeping outside of canada .	0
three men are standing on stage performing .	a dog lies on the sofa .	0
three men are standing on stage performing .	men skimpy outdoors on a train . domesticated	0
three men are standing on stage performing .	men parks on a corral . background	0
three men are standing on stage performing .	a hurts climbing rocks on by . opera	2
three men are standing on stage performing .	a classroom playing trumpets on atv . at	2
three men are standing on stage performing .	a classroom showed from on them .	2
three men are standing on stage performing .	a elder at stream on talks .	2
three men are standing on stage performing .	a classroom holder flips on board .	2
three men are standing on stage performing .	a walking near various on rails .	2
three men are standing on stage performing .	a ponders at clean-shaven on pink .	2
three men are standing on stage performing .	a classroom hate himself on beams .	2
three men are standing on stage performing .	no group dances near street on .	2
three men are standing on stage performing .	a nun dances near noise canada .	2
three men are standing on stage performing .	a walking at tables on street .	2
three men are standing on stage performing .	a banner spikes band on rides .	2
three men are standing on stage performing .	a walking near 30 street on .	2
three men are standing on stage performing .	a classroom woman relaxes on street .	2
three men are standing on stage performing .	a classroom hate ignores on street . woman	2
three men are standing on stage performing .	a walking at tables on street .	2
three men are standing on stage performing .	a reflection at pink on grain .	2
three men are standing on stage performing .	a classroom could culinary on street . <oov>	2
three men are standing on stage performing .	a piece newspapers person on street .	2
elderly people walking down a city street .	the elderly people engage christmas in the cart .	2
elderly people walking down a city street .	the cheerleaders <oov> festival are in the backyard .	2
elderly people walking down a city street .	the drunks man is swimming in the pool	2
elderly people walking down a city street .	the blind man is swimming in the pool .	2
elderly people walking down a city street .	the elderly people were in foreground tile drinks	2
elderly people walking down a city street .	the elderly people were in a maypole pool .	2
elderly people walking down a city street .	the elderly people were in a pool .	2
elderly people walking down a city street .	a japanese telephone shines not devices . a	1
elderly people walking down a city street .	the adult kissed does the mr. .	1
elderly people walking down a city street .	the trimming did are not patiently . to	1
elderly people walking down a city street .	the little player treated are landscaping .	1
elderly people walking down a city street .	a bell did are the bustling .	1
elderly people walking down a city street .	the little mood has a hammer . came	1
elderly people walking down a city street .	the reindeer man are not highly .	1
elderly people walking down a city street .	a japanese mailman smiled behind the counter .	1
elderly people walking down a city street .	the world woods are origin the annoying .	1
elderly people walking down a city street .	a japanese did are seen the .	1
elderly people walking down a city street .	a japanese crossing are hedges the .	1
elderly people walking down a city street .	a japanese kicks are mopping the office .	1
elderly people walking down a city street .	a japanese filming are not scattered . bluish	1
elderly people walking down a city street .	the drama man won the united .	1
elderly people walking down a city street .	the world did does the united .	1
elderly people walking down a city street .	a japanese man won the missing .	1
elderly people walking down a city street .	the elderly people are seen the crosswalk .	1
elderly people walking down a city street .	the poor them does not october .	1
elderly people walking down a city street .	the busker did are colorful the bully .	1
elderly people walking down a city street .	a japanese does n't fix the pole .	1
elderly people walking down a city street .	a japanese does broke the igloo .	1
elderly people walking down a city street .	the elderly people wore are greet . bird	1
elderly people walking down a city street .	a neighborhood did a knit football bee firefighter .	1
elderly people walking down a city street .	a life man can to a sponge football	1
elderly people walking down a city street .	a formal have can not a professor playground .	1
elderly people walking down a city street .	a sunny skating to a door white sail .	1
elderly people walking down a city street .	a japanese man outdoors to climb a football .	1
elderly people walking down a city street .	a elderly people bought to a assembled audience .	1
elderly people walking down a city street .	a japanese man outdoors and ready to sell	1
elderly people walking down a city street .	a japanese man had to a cab driver .	1
elderly people walking down a city street .	a japanese man outdoors to climb a football	1
elderly people walking down a city street .	a japanese man has a jean bike inside .	1
elderly people walking down a city street .	a japanese man and insects a house book .	1
elderly people walking down a city street .	a japanese man outdoors to climb a football .	1
a man shows off his <oov> face paint .	a competition on startled to his scared .	0
a man shows off his <oov> face paint .	a kid in black with his makeup painting .	0
a man shows off his <oov> face paint .	a guy riding outside with his motorcyle .	0
a man shows off his <oov> face paint .	a guy riding outside while is oddly helmet .	0
a man shows off his <oov> face paint .	a helicopter trainer in his time cheeses .	0
a man shows off his <oov> face paint .	a puppy stands around his photography painting .	0
a man shows off his <oov> face paint .	a helicopter of grumpy is his face painting .	0
a man shows off his <oov> face paint .	a puppy is seeing his voice given painting .	0
a man shows off his <oov> face paint .	a kid on some skates playing with paint .	0
a man shows off his <oov> face paint .	a kid in inside doing his painting .	0
a man shows off his <oov> face paint .	a kid on to recording his rivals .	0
a man shows off his <oov> face paint .	a kid is nice his pockets he horses .	0
a man shows off his <oov> face paint .	a kid on some , walking indoors .	0
a man shows off his <oov> face paint .	a puppy is on his project shrubs painting .	0
a man shows off his <oov> face paint .	a body down landscape with his can break .	0
two children are swimming in a pool .	two kids are in a skateboarding bend race .	1
two children are swimming in a pool .	two motorcyclist in a witnesses are bend race .	1
two children are swimming in a pool .	two kids are in a skateboarding bend race .	1
two children are swimming in a pool .	two boys in a swimming running are race .	1
two children are swimming in a pool .	two kids are at a swimming race .	1
two children are swimming in a pool .	two boys in a swimming running race .	1
two children are swimming in a pool .	two kids are in a skateboarding bend race .	1
two children are swimming in a pool .	two kids are in a skateboarding bend race .	1
two children are swimming in a pool .	two kids are in a skateboarding bend race .	1
two children are swimming in a pool .	two kids are in a womans running sport .	1
two children are swimming in a pool .	two kids are in a knoll bend race .	1
two children are swimming in a pool .	two kids are in a fenced bend race .	1
two children are swimming in a pool .	two kids are in a skateboarding bend sport .	1
two children are swimming in a pool .	two kids are at a swimming race .	1
two children are swimming in a pool .	two kids are in a skateboarding bend race .	1
two children are swimming in a pool .	two kids are at a chess cheer race .	1
two children are swimming in a pool .	two kids are at a skateboarding sport .	1
two children are swimming in a pool .	two kids are in a knoll race .	1
two children are swimming in a pool .	two children posing <oov> rugby .	0
two children are swimming in a pool .	two children eat some gymnasts .	0
two children are swimming in a pool .	two children push chocolate . to is	0
two children are swimming in a pool .	two children sit ocean .	0
two children are swimming in a pool .	two children enthusiastically cotton . a	0
two children are swimming in a pool .	two children posing <oov> . a	0
two children are swimming in a pool .	two children posing <oov> nails .	0
two children are swimming in a pool .	two children eat some . is	0
two children are swimming in a pool .	two children black wet . .	0
two children are swimming in a pool .	two children black performers . is refreshing	0
two children are swimming in a pool .	two children sing walking .	0
two children are swimming in a pool .	two children outside resting . is	0
two children are swimming in a pool .	two children are wet .	0
two children are swimming in a pool .	two children posing <oov> .	0
two children are swimming in a pool .	two children posing <oov> nails .	0
two children are swimming in a pool .	two children posing <oov> nails .	0
two children are swimming in a pool .	two children posing <oov> island . to	0
two children are swimming in a pool .	two children posing <oov> rugby . a	0
two children are swimming in a pool .	two children eat christmas .	0
two children are swimming in a pool .	two children eat some girls .	0
two children are swimming in a pool .	kids are riding bicycles .	2
two children are swimming in a pool .	kids enjoy riding break .	2
two children are swimming in a pool .	kids playing cigarette book .	2
two children are swimming in a pool .	kids enjoy riding break .	2
two children are swimming in a pool .	kids riding bicycles race .	2
two children are swimming in a pool .	kids enjoy riding break .	2
two children are swimming in a pool .	kids enjoy riding amazing . tent	2
two children are swimming in a pool .	kids enjoy riding employee .	2
two children are swimming in a pool .	kids enjoy riding house .	2
two children are swimming in a pool .	kids enjoy burgers riding . th	2
two children are swimming in a pool .	kids are riding bicycles .	2
two children are swimming in a pool .	kids enjoy fall riding .	2
two children are swimming in a pool .	kids photograph maker race .	2
two children are swimming in a pool .	kids enjoy going sleeping .	2
two children are swimming in a pool .	kids are riding bicycles .	2
two children are swimming in a pool .	kids enjoy quietly tank .	2
two children are swimming in a pool .	kids enjoy a break .	2
two children are swimming in a pool .	kids votes old sleeping .	2
two children are swimming in a pool .	kids dueling raised race .	2
two children are swimming in a pool .	kids enjoy running old .	2
two children are swimming in a pool .	kids riding individuals race .	2
two children are swimming in a pool .	kids enjoy riding tonight .	2
two children are swimming in a pool .	guys learning street together .	2
two children are swimming in a pool .	kids photograph of old . has	2
two children are swimming in a pool .	kids of motorcycles riding . a	2
women in costume stand on a stage .	the men standing on the stage .	0
women in costume stand on a stage .	the men standing on the celebrities .	0
women in costume stand on a stage .	the men standing on the stage .	0
women in costume stand on a stage .	the man steps on the stage .	0
women in costume stand on a stage .	the man working on her train . about	0
women in costume stand on a stage .	the backyard women on her train .	0
women in costume stand on a stage .	the men standing on stage .	0
women in costume stand on a stage .	the men standing on the stage .	0
women in costume stand on a stage .	the men are on stage taking .	0
women in costume stand on a stage .	the men standing on the stage .	0
women in costume stand on a stage .	the man standing on the escalators .	0
women in costume stand on a stage .	the men on rollerskates and babies .	0
women in costume stand on a stage .	the couch play on the stage .	0
women in costume stand on a stage .	the laying man on the stage .	0
women in costume stand on a stage .	the men standing on the stage .	0
women in costume stand on a stage .	the women on are playing stage .	0
women in costume stand on a stage .	the men standing on the stage .	0
women in costume stand on a stage .	the unicycle are on the stage .	0
women in costume stand on a stage .	the men and on stage .	0
women in costume stand on a stage .	the men standing on the stage .	0
women in costume stand on a stage .	the tambourines men on the stage .	0
women in costume stand on a stage .	the everyday women on the stage .	0
women in costume stand on a stage .	the man steps on her train . <oov>	0
women in costume stand on a stage .	the men standing on the stage .	0
women in costume stand on a stage .	the they are on his stage .	0
women in costume stand on a stage .	the men standing on the stage .	0
women in costume stand on a stage .	the standing and <oov> bears .	0
women in costume stand on a stage .	the men standing on the stage .	0
women in costume stand on a stage .	the man standing on her butts .	0
women in costume stand on a stage .	the men standing on the train .	0
women in costume stand on a stage .	the unicycle women on the stage .	0
women in costume stand on a stage .	the women are on the stage .	0
women in costume stand on a stage .	the man working on her train . 's	0
women in costume stand on a stage .	the man on 3 <oov> cooking .	0
women in costume stand on a stage .	the lambs men on the stage .	0
women in costume stand on a stage .	the women is in a parade parade .	1
women in costume stand on a stage .	the women has a in kite . children	1
women in costume stand on a stage .	the hard woman is in a parade .	1
women in costume stand on a stage .	the women is a in parade .	1
women in costume stand on a stage .	the they woman is in a parade .	1
women in costume stand on a stage .	the women is in a parade .	1
women in costume stand on a stage .	the women laying in a parade .	1
women in costume stand on a stage .	the women is a in needle .	1
women in costume stand on a stage .	the women is a in turban . of	1
women in costume stand on a stage .	the women is a in parade .	1
women in costume stand on a stage .	a women is performing a play .	1
women in costume stand on a stage .	a women group passes to a play .	1
women in costume stand on a stage .	a women group a traditional play .	1
women in costume stand on a stage .	a women goes to a crowd .	1
women in costume stand on a stage .	a women group a birthday play .	1
women in costume stand on a stage .	a women group is angry one bar .	1
women in costume stand on a stage .	a women group reads to play basketball .	1
women in costume stand on a stage .	a women group a football play .	1
women in costume stand on a stage .	a women performing a bike play .	1
women in costume stand on a stage .	a women goes to a crowd .	1
women in costume stand on a stage .	a women group doing a play basketball .	1
women in costume stand on a stage .	a women group above a play .	1
women in costume stand on a stage .	a women group of turkey play outdoors .	1
women in costume stand on a stage .	a women is performing a play child .	1
women in costume stand on a stage .	a women is performing a play about .	1
women in costume stand on a stage .	a women group a football play competitive .	1
women in costume stand on a stage .	a women is performing a play basketball .	1
women in costume stand on a stage .	the man is performing a play .	1
women in costume stand on a stage .	a women group doing a play .	1
women in costume stand on a stage .	a women group reads to play .	1
women in costume stand on a stage .	a women group taxis around the crowd .	1
women in costume stand on a stage .	a women group shows to play indoors .	1
women in costume stand on a stage .	a women is performing a play .	1
women in costume stand on a stage .	a women group a birthday play .	1
women in costume stand on a stage .	a women is performing a play .	1
women in costume stand on a stage .	a women group attending a crowd .	1
women in costume stand on a stage .	the men perform the men discuss play .	1
women in costume stand on a stage .	a women is performing a play sport .	1
two men cool off under a waterfall .	two man are breakdancing under a goat .	2
two men cool off under a waterfall .	two woman ate a taxi level .	2
two men cool off under a waterfall .	two woman and a pool artist products .	2
two men cool off under a waterfall .	two man in hole are symbols handstands .	2
two men cool off under a waterfall .	a woman under a whiteboard waterfall tiger .	2
two men cool off under a waterfall .	a woman carries bought a strange waterfall .	2
two men cool off under a waterfall .	two men are under a gigantic down .	2
two men cool off under a waterfall .	a woman under a sized divorce field .	2
two men cool off under a waterfall .	two man are under a gigantic waterfall .	2
two men cool off under a waterfall .	a woman sold under a waterfall sport . b	2
two men cool off under a waterfall .	two men are under a turntable .	2
two men cool off under a waterfall .	two men are under a waterfall .	2
two men cool off under a waterfall .	two men are under a waterfall .	2
two men cool off under a waterfall .	a woman snaps a cab roof sport .	2
two men cool off under a waterfall .	two men are under a waterfall down .	2
two men cool off under a waterfall .	two men are under a mirrored .	2
two men cool off under a waterfall .	two woman machinery under a ukulele sport .	2
two men cool off under a waterfall .	two men are under a waterfall .	2
two men cool off under a waterfall .	two men are under a waterfall .	2
two men cool off under a waterfall .	two woman in sailor tux a stands .	2
two men cool off under a waterfall .	a woman under a taxi hauls something .	2
two men cool off under a waterfall .	two men are under a waterfall .	2
two men cool off under a waterfall .	two men are under a gray field .	2
two men cool off under a waterfall .	two men are under a waterfall .	2
two men cool off under a waterfall .	a woman under a taxi x-games sport .	2
two men cool off under a waterfall .	two men are under a waterfall .	2
two men cool off under a waterfall .	two men are under a waterfall .	2
two men cool off under a waterfall .	a man eats a catamaran . hoping	0
two men cool off under a waterfall .	a man are craft a mixer .	0
two men cool off under a waterfall .	a man ordered a loose frame .	0
two men cool off under a waterfall .	a man eats a big lunchtime .	0
two men cool off under a waterfall .	a man eats a salad windsurfs . wore	0
two men cool off under a waterfall .	a man are sprint a limo .	0
two men cool off under a waterfall .	two men are under a purple .	0
two men cool off under a waterfall .	a man are under a binder . portable	0
two men cool off under a waterfall .	a man eats a sheer crowd . of	0
two men cool off under a waterfall .	a man begins a taxi frame .	0
two men cool off under a waterfall .	two men are under a goat .	0
two men cool off under a waterfall .	two men are under a drawing .	0
two men cool off under a waterfall .	two man are squeezing a grazing .	0
two men cool off under a waterfall .	a man eats a salad song . donkeys	0
two men cool off under a waterfall .	two men are under a field .	0
two men cool off under a waterfall .	a man walks are important steaks . in	0
two men cool off under a waterfall .	two man are maintaining a waterfall .	0
two men cool off under a waterfall .	two man are under a field .	0
two men cool off under a waterfall .	a man are accepting a lollipop .	0
two men cool off under a waterfall .	a man eats a shelves haircut . a	0
two men cool off under a waterfall .	a man drops a seesaw tray .	0
two men cool off under a waterfall .	a man are plotting with symbols . to	0
two men cool off under a waterfall .	a man eats a defensive testing .	0
two men cool off under a waterfall .	two man are alot a bank . to	0
two men cool off under a waterfall .	two men are under a goat .	0
two men cool off under a waterfall .	a man are squeezing a hymn . of	0
two men cool off under a waterfall .	a woman serving a vegetable .	1
two men cool off under a waterfall .	a woman explains a ona tubs .	1
two men cool off under a waterfall .	a woman under a sombrero .	1
two men cool off under a waterfall .	a woman serving a bridesmaid cream .	1
two men cool off under a waterfall .	two brothers are under a milkshake .	1
two men cool off under a waterfall .	a woman cotton a strange coat . to	1
two men cool off under a waterfall .	a woman under a manhattan . at	1
two men cool off under a waterfall .	a woman serving a penalty float .	1
two men cool off under a waterfall .	two brothers are under a drawing . wiring	1
two men cool off under a waterfall .	a woman under a shotgun .	1
two men cool off under a waterfall .	a woman serving a feather camo .	1
two men cool off under a waterfall .	two brothers are under a dark . ther	1
two men cool off under a waterfall .	a woman serving a maypole sweeper .	1
two men cool off under a waterfall .	two brothers are under a goat .	1
two men cool off under a waterfall .	a woman under a wakeboard blouse .	1
two men cool off under a waterfall .	a woman teaches a world record .	1
two men cool off under a waterfall .	a woman under a penalty stunt .	1
two men cool off under a waterfall .	two brothers are under a drawing . across	1
two men cool off under a waterfall .	a woman under a damaged hood . woman	1
two men cool off under a waterfall .	two brothers are under a particular .	1
two men cool off under a waterfall .	two brothers are under a spaceship . of	1
two men cool off under a waterfall .	a woman serving a grilled ball .	1
two men cool off under a waterfall .	two brothers are under a drawing . share a	1
two men cool off under a waterfall .	a woman under a damaged reddish .	1
two men cool off under a waterfall .	two brothers are under a drawing . frown	1
two men cool off under a waterfall .	a woman serving a bmw retro .	1
six men in airport standing on moving walkway	six people are sitting on a porch bench	2
six men in airport standing on moving walkway	six people are sitting on a park rollercoaster .	2
six men in airport standing on moving walkway	six men are sitting on a porch bench .	2
three women sit together near woven walls .	three men sit together . groomed .	0
three women sit together near woven walls .	three man outdoors clothes . a	0
three women sit together near woven walls .	three women sit together . .	0
three women sit together near woven walls .	three men sit together . .	0
three women sit together near woven walls .	three men sit together . .	0
three women sit together near woven walls .	three men sit together . arrival .	0
three women sit together near woven walls .	three women sit together . .	0
three women sit together near woven walls .	three women sit together . .	0
three women sit together near woven walls .	teens street sit together . .	0
three women sit together near woven walls .	three men sit together . .	0
three women sit together near woven walls .	three women sit together . .	0
three women sit together near woven walls .	three women sit together . a wrapper	0
three women sit together near woven walls .	three man outdoors posing . is a	0
three women sit together near woven walls .	three men sit together . to a	0
three women sit together near woven walls .	three women sit together . .	0
three women sit together near woven walls .	three man outdoors drives . a	0
three women sit together near woven walls .	three women sit together . .	0
three women sit together near woven walls .	three women sit together . a	0
three women sit together near woven walls .	three men person sharing . a	0
three women sit together near woven walls .	three men sit together . at a	0
three women sit together near woven walls .	three woman is observed .	0
three women sit together near woven walls .	three women sit together . .	0
three women sit together near woven walls .	three man is furry .	0
three women sit together near woven walls .	three men sit together . old man	0
three women sit together near woven walls .	three women sit together . across tag	0
a band playing on stage in a club .	takes play an large girls attend a name .	0
a band playing on stage in a club .	hockey bored play their instruments at a marathon .	0
a band playing on stage in a club .	there are forest and eating out with water .	0
a band playing on stage in a club .	there are two his father and a restaurant .	0
a band playing on stage in a club .	there are his competition and eating a raft .	0
a band playing on stage in a club .	musicians are playing their wares holding a meal .	0
a band playing on stage in a club .	musicians are playing their instruments at a hut .	0
a band playing on stage in a club .	there are two instruments and eating a cafeteria .	0
a band playing on stage in a club .	tan piercings the girls dance women laugh out .	0
a band playing on stage in a club .	musicians are playing their instruments at a reception .	0
a band playing on stage in a club .	there are two and eating out with marbles .	0
a band playing on stage in a club .	goalie takes his family catch a doughnut pole	0
a band playing on stage in a club .	a man is drinking playing the pig <oov>	1
a band playing on stage in a club .	a man is starting to play in the country	1
a band playing on stage in a club .	a man is starting to play the <oov>	1
a band playing on stage in a club .	a man is starting to play the devil .	1
a band playing on stage in a club .	a man is rock playing old the <oov> .	1
a band playing on stage in a club .	a man is starting to play in the sprinkler	1
a band playing on stage in a club .	a man is walking at the fox <oov> dinner	1
a band playing on stage in a club .	a man is starting to play the <oov>	1
a band playing on stage in a club .	a man is starting to play the statue .	1
a band playing on stage in a club .	a man is walking one makes the <oov> trip	1
a band playing on stage in a club .	a man is talking the national in his head	1
a band playing on stage in a club .	a man is walking kicking the devil <oov> .	1
a band playing on stage in a club .	a man is talking chain the fox <oov> pizza	1
a band playing on stage in a club .	a man is has playing the radio helmet .	1
a band playing on stage in a club .	a man is walking assistance at the <oov>	1
a band playing on stage in a club .	a man is drinking playing the <oov> territory .	1
a band playing on stage in a club .	a man is shining heavy the home <oov> .	1
a band playing on stage in a club .	a man is walking kicking the street outside .	1
a band playing on stage in a club .	a man is palying one the jar is pool	1
a band playing on stage in a club .	a man is walking at the any <oov>	1
a band playing on stage in a club .	a man is drinking playing the pig <oov> .	1
a band playing on stage in a club .	a man is talking playing the paperback dog .	1
a band playing on stage in a club .	a man is walking the room in his teachers	1
a band playing on stage in a club .	a man is walking the lush in his lap	1
a band playing on stage in a club .	a man is walking watching the arid <oov> .	1
a band playing on stage in a club .	a man is walking kicking the court <oov> .	1
a band playing on stage in a club .	a man is walking at the radio <oov> .	1
a band playing on stage in a club .	a man is walking at the young women .	1
a band playing on stage in a club .	a man is studying at the <oov> men .	1
a band playing on stage in a club .	a man is wearing the bow is <oov>	1
a band playing on stage in a club .	a man is playing checkers play the duck	1
a band playing on stage in a club .	a man is walking at the childs <oov> .	1
a band playing on stage in a club .	a man is starting to play the statue .	1
a band playing on stage in a club .	a man is starting to play in the street	1
a band playing on stage in a club .	a man is walking watching the walls <oov> .	1
a band playing on stage in a club .	a man is walking one home the fire .	1
a band playing on stage in a club .	a man is talking playing the radio outside .	1
a band playing on stage in a club .	a man is walking smiling at the <oov> .	1
a worker is doing a job on scaffolding .	an asian people measures	0
a worker is doing a job on scaffolding .	a human working with	0
a worker is doing a job on scaffolding .	an asian people working	0
a worker is doing a job on scaffolding .	a human working with	0
a worker is doing a job on scaffolding .	a human working with	0
a worker is doing a job on scaffolding .	a human working	0
a worker is doing a job on scaffolding .	a human working on	0
a worker is doing a job on scaffolding .	a human working on	0
a worker is doing a job on scaffolding .	a tractor working with	0
a worker is doing a job on scaffolding .	a human working on	0
a worker is doing a job on scaffolding .	an asian people total	0
a worker is doing a job on scaffolding .	a human working on	0
a worker is doing a job on scaffolding .	human working wedding	0
a worker is doing a job on scaffolding .	an asian people taller	0
a worker is doing a job on scaffolding .	an asian people working	0
a worker is doing a job on scaffolding .	a human working on	0
a worker is doing a job on scaffolding .	a human working with	0
a worker is doing a job on scaffolding .	a human working on	0
a worker is doing a job on scaffolding .	a human working on	0
a worker is doing a job on scaffolding .	a human working on	0
a worker is doing a job on scaffolding .	a human working with	0
a worker is doing a job on scaffolding .	an asian rock steaming	0
a worker is doing a job on scaffolding .	a human working on pavement	0
a worker is doing a job on scaffolding .	an asian people olympians	0
a worker is doing a job on scaffolding .	a human working on	0
a worker is doing a job on scaffolding .	a human working with	0
a worker is doing a job on scaffolding .	a human working with	0
a worker is doing a job on scaffolding .	an asian people working	0
a worker is doing a job on scaffolding .	an asian people total	0
a worker is doing a job on scaffolding .	an asian people working	0
a worker is doing a job on scaffolding .	a human working on	0
a worker is doing a job on scaffolding .	an asian people sisters	0
a worker is doing a job on scaffolding .	a middle-aged working with	0
a worker is doing a job on scaffolding .	a human working on	0
a worker is doing a job on scaffolding .	an asian people sharing	0
a worker is doing a job on scaffolding .	a human working on	0
a worker is doing a job on scaffolding .	a human squinting lingerie	0
a worker is doing a job on scaffolding .	a human working on	0
a worker is doing a job on scaffolding .	an asian people total	0
a worker is doing a job on scaffolding .	a human working underground	0
a worker is doing a job on scaffolding .	a tall human is working	1
a worker is doing a job on scaffolding .	the tall blonde human working	1
a worker is doing a job on scaffolding .	the tall human playing his drums	1
a worker is doing a job on scaffolding .	tall two teams in home warehouse	1
a worker is doing a job on scaffolding .	the tall oriental working with	1
a worker is doing a job on scaffolding .	the tall oriental working with walk	1
a worker is doing a job on scaffolding .	the tall oriental working center	1
a worker is doing a job on scaffolding .	the tall oriental working with	1
a worker is doing a job on scaffolding .	tall two teams in photos	1
a worker is doing a job on scaffolding .	tall two stick in touching streets	1
women in red are performing with <oov> .	women are sweeping on . .	0
women in red are performing with <oov> .	women are observing on . .	0
women in red are performing with <oov> .	they are ouside on the .	0
women in red are performing with <oov> .	they are around laptops . yankee .	0
women in red are performing with <oov> .	they are exiting <oov> .	0
women in red are performing with <oov> .	two men are <oov> .	0
women in red are performing with <oov> .	they are street on horseback . to a	0
women in red are performing with <oov> .	a man covers on artwork . <oov>	0
women in red are performing with <oov> .	they are ten <oov> .	0
women in red are performing with <oov> .	a man covers on the .	0
women in red are performing with <oov> .	women are observing on . .	0
women in red are performing with <oov> .	women are street on . .	0
women in red are performing with <oov> .	they are interacting on . .	0
kid practicing karate move	a girl is writing a plane of heavy .	1
kid practicing karate move	a kid is lunges a allergic at moment .	1
kid practicing karate move	a kid is writing a curved about over .	1
kid practicing karate move	a girl is riding a checkered perfect female .	1
kid practicing karate move	a kid is jumping a flock of heavy .	1
kid practicing karate move	a girl is riding a rural tag play	1
kid practicing karate move	a kid is writing a fundraiser lift female .	1
kid practicing karate move	a girl is donating a referee country watching	1
kid practicing karate move	a girl is being demolished the flock protects .	1
kid practicing karate move	a girl is riding a bus play boulevard .	1
kid practicing karate move	a kid is ascending a tall gymnast / .	1
kid practicing karate move	a girl is being writing guitar to pull .	1
kid practicing karate move	a girl is being writing along the beach .	1
kid practicing karate move	a girl is being cooked to a meeting .	1
kid practicing karate move	a girl is comic a tall operates female .	1
kid practicing karate move	a girl is riding a checkered stitch hand .	1
kid practicing karate move	a kid is holder a motorized of teams .	1
kid practicing karate move	a girl is being against a football mug .	1
kid practicing karate move	a girl is being chasing the mirrored bells .	1
kid practicing karate move	a kid is allergic a group of animals .	1
kid practicing karate move	a kid is being peach as a person .	1
kid practicing karate move	a girl is matching a quarterback button behind .	1
kid practicing karate move	a kid is bright mile .	0
kid practicing karate move	a kid is crystal hall . a	0
kid practicing karate move	a kid is bright aliens . frown	0
kid practicing karate move	a kid is bright delayed . a	0
kid practicing karate move	a kid is excitedly huts . ,	0
kid practicing karate move	a kid is teeing weave .	0
kid practicing karate move	a kid is violently marshmallows .	0
kid practicing karate move	a kid is wonderful pigs . holded discovery	0
kid practicing karate move	a kid is oil random .	0
kid practicing karate move	kid is sketching setting waterskiing .	0
kid practicing karate move	a kid is excitedly rose . enjoyed	0
kid practicing karate move	a kid is bright cucumbers . ,	0
kid practicing karate move	a kid is hovering waling . a	0
kid practicing karate move	a kid is booing movements . a	0
kid practicing karate move	a kid is bright knit . has	0
kid practicing karate move	a kid is hovering pigs . <oov> brothers	0
kid practicing karate move	a kid is sliding attention .	0
kid practicing karate move	a kid is sliding badly .	0
kid practicing karate move	a kid is bright flour . <oov>	0
kid practicing karate move	a kid is eager stargazing .	0
kid practicing karate move	a kid is anxiously wild .	0
kid practicing karate move	a kid is hovering where . picture	0
kid practicing karate move	a kid is biting cigar . a	0
kid practicing karate move	a kid is sliding safely .	0
kid practicing karate move	a shoulder is purple it . turkey	0
kid practicing karate move	a kid is right challenging . !	0
kid practicing karate move	a kid is hovering pigs . <oov> brothers	0
kid practicing karate move	a kid is bright participants . is	0
kid practicing karate move	a kid is sliding edible .	0
kid practicing karate move	an man is collecting judges . yachts	0
kid practicing karate move	a kid is bright nothing . <oov>	0
kid practicing karate move	a kid is biting ultimate .	0
rock band on stage <oov> in light show .	there is a light show . a	0
rock band on stage <oov> in light show .	there is a rickshaw rail . <oov>	0
rock band on stage <oov> in light show .	there is a sign grooms . a	0
rock band on stage <oov> in light show .	there is a light rail . a	0
rock band on stage <oov> in light show .	there is a treasure rail . manicure perm	0
rock band on stage <oov> in light show .	there is a light show .	0
rock band on stage <oov> in light show .	there is a light show .	0
rock band on stage <oov> in light show .	there is a sign indoors . a	0
rock band on stage <oov> in light show .	there is a light show .	0
rock band on stage <oov> in light show .	there is a light rail . a	0
rock band on stage <oov> in light show .	there is a light show .	0
rock band on stage <oov> in light show .	there is a tall painting . <oov>	0
rock band on stage <oov> in light show .	there is a light show . to	0
rock band on stage <oov> in light show .	there is a light rail . music is	0
rock band on stage <oov> in light show .	there is a light show .	0
rock band on stage <oov> in light show .	there is a donut indoors .	0
rock band on stage <oov> in light show .	there is a sign screen . ride .	0
rock band on stage <oov> in light show .	there is a light show . a	0
rock band on stage <oov> in light show .	some dogs as the man . a	2
rock band on stage <oov> in light show .	all of the seas are .	2
rock band on stage <oov> in light show .	some dogs playing directions are .	2
rock band on stage <oov> in light show .	all of the lights are .	2
rock band on stage <oov> in light show .	all of the finished are .	2
rock band on stage <oov> in light show .	all the male feeling street . is	2
rock band on stage <oov> in light show .	some made a representing bathe . rolls	2
rock band on stage <oov> in light show .	some girls playing darts are .	2
rock band on stage <oov> in light show .	some people four plates are . to	2
rock band on stage <oov> in light show .	all of the gold <oov> . 's	2
rock band on stage <oov> in light show .	some dogs playing doubles <oov> . about	2
rock band on stage <oov> in light show .	someone of the spectators are . <oov>	2
rock band on stage <oov> in light show .	some walking and stay are <oov> .	2
rock band on stage <oov> in light show .	all of the lights are .	2
rock band on stage <oov> in light show .	some spectators of the street .	2
rock band on stage <oov> in light show .	some dogs playing lens children .	2
rock band on stage <oov> in light show .	some dogs as the man . <oov>	2
rock band on stage <oov> in light show .	all of the lights are .	2
rock band on stage <oov> in light show .	some people standing amongst the bus .	2
rock band on stage <oov> in light show .	some made back play <oov> . <oov>	2
rock band on stage <oov> in light show .	bill does playing stone <oov> .	2
rock band on stage <oov> in light show .	bill 's ate are parading . a	2
rock band on stage <oov> in light show .	someone of the dress tied .	2
rock band on stage <oov> in light show .	some people skate are downstairs .	2
rock band on stage <oov> in light show .	all of the lights are .	2
rock band on stage <oov> in light show .	sees of teenagers are walking .	2
rock band on stage <oov> in light show .	some people playing separately arm .	2
street vendors preparing and serving grilled food .	street donuts are riding boxers eventually venice .	1
street vendors preparing and serving grilled food .	street vendors are hanging roll with night .	1
street vendors preparing and serving grilled food .	street vendors are inside of apples station .	1
street vendors preparing and serving grilled food .	street vendors are inside of granite square .	1
street vendors preparing and serving grilled food .	street vendors are riding alike underground garments .	1
street vendors preparing and serving grilled food .	street artist are displaying a hot weather .	1
street vendors preparing and serving grilled food .	fish street off a movie theater china .	1
street vendors preparing and serving grilled food .	street vendors are inside of mostly colors .	1
street vendors preparing and serving grilled food .	street vendors are inside of apples customers .	1
street vendors preparing and serving grilled food .	street vendors are child huddle with food .	1
street vendors preparing and serving grilled food .	street vendors are gathered expensive cinder day .	1
street vendors preparing and serving grilled food .	street vendors are down ice for customers .	1
street vendors preparing and serving grilled food .	street vendors down are strapped for lunch	1
street vendors preparing and serving grilled food .	tony reading is teething serenading .	0
street vendors preparing and serving grilled food .	food is prepared to musicians . to	0
street vendors preparing and serving grilled food .	topless scoops child is loose . is	0
street vendors preparing and serving grilled food .	food views is delayed close .	0
street vendors preparing and serving grilled food .	businessman is dressing quite home .	0
street vendors preparing and serving grilled food .	food is nailing policemen the tracks .	0
street vendors preparing and serving grilled food .	food of , kicking the ball .	0
street vendors preparing and serving grilled food .	14 people clean to hawaii . it	0
street vendors preparing and serving grilled food .	gym is rushing to utensils . to	0
street vendors preparing and serving grilled food .	beings party people exploring to dive . ride .	0
street vendors preparing and serving grilled food .	religious boarder goes around the plaza .	0
street vendors preparing and serving grilled food .	food is being served and closely .	0
street vendors preparing and serving grilled food .	food is prepared to emergency .	0
street vendors preparing and serving grilled food .	food is goes to sleep .	0
street vendors preparing and serving grilled food .	food is being served and focus .	0
street vendors preparing and serving grilled food .	food is order damage to start .	0
street vendors preparing and serving grilled food .	food is prepared to feed . to	0
street vendors preparing and serving grilled food .	sue has happened to start . `	0
street vendors preparing and serving grilled food .	bolts is selling medicine to .	0
street vendors preparing and serving grilled food .	food is hi attendant the ball .	0
street vendors preparing and serving grilled food .	food is being prepared the excellent .	0
street vendors preparing and serving grilled food .	members , monopoly to horns . is knitting	0
street vendors preparing and serving grilled food .	bad people without any the ball .	0
street vendors preparing and serving grilled food .	cap is prepared to tracks . `	0
street vendors preparing and serving grilled food .	food is exploring , the dingy . wears	0
street vendors preparing and serving grilled food .	food is nibbling strip to start .	0
street vendors preparing and serving grilled food .	food is leading policemen the ball .	0
street vendors preparing and serving grilled food .	food is 10 to musicians .	0
a boy in shorts doing a skateboard trick .	a boy show is grading a crowded area	0
a boy in shorts doing a skateboard trick .	a boy show is up a hole	0
a boy in shorts doing a skateboard trick .	a boy show is underneath a six .	0
a boy in shorts doing a skateboard trick .	a boy spilled quietly in a bed	0
a boy in shorts doing a skateboard trick .	a boy show up a rotten	0
a boy in shorts doing a skateboard trick .	a boy show is fetching a building .	0
a boy in shorts doing a skateboard trick .	a boy show is fetching a building	0
a boy in shorts doing a skateboard trick .	a boy show is up a normally	0
a boy in shorts doing a skateboard trick .	a boy show is up a pinata	0
a boy in shorts doing a skateboard trick .	a boy show is up a jetski	0
a boy in shorts doing a skateboard trick .	a boy threw going up a hole	0
a boy in shorts doing a skateboard trick .	a boy show is fetching a building .	0
a boy in shorts doing a skateboard trick .	a boy threw in a kitchen	0
a boy in shorts doing a skateboard trick .	a boy finds pottery in a notebook	0
a boy in shorts doing a skateboard trick .	a boy show a beer into ''	0
a boy in shorts doing a skateboard trick .	a boy show is a red manner .	0
a boy in shorts doing a skateboard trick .	a boy show a up down bed	0
a boy in shorts doing a skateboard trick .	a boy washes is a kitchen structure .	0
a boy in shorts doing a skateboard trick .	a boy show is fetching a building .	0
a boy in shorts doing a skateboard trick .	a boy show is up a zip-line .	0
a boy in shorts doing a skateboard trick .	a boy show is up a debate	0
a boy in shorts doing a skateboard trick .	a boy hunting in a red hat .	0
a boy in shorts doing a skateboard trick .	a boy show is up a skillet	0
a boy in shorts doing a skateboard trick .	a boy photographed in a kitchen	0
a boy in shorts doing a skateboard trick .	a boy collects show a red cow	0
a boy in shorts doing a skateboard trick .	a boy treads in a kitchen	0
a boy in shorts doing a skateboard trick .	a boy show is fetching a building	0
a boy in shorts doing a skateboard trick .	a boy show is fetching a building	0
a boy in shorts doing a skateboard trick .	a boy show is jumping a softball .	0
a boy in shorts doing a skateboard trick .	a boy show is up a hit	0
a boy in shorts doing a skateboard trick .	a boy show is fetching a beginner	0
a boy in shorts doing a skateboard trick .	a boy show is fetching a building .	0
a boy in shorts doing a skateboard trick .	a boy show is fetching a sprinkler .	0
a boy in shorts doing a skateboard trick .	a boy squeezes two up a hole	0
a boy in shorts doing a skateboard trick .	a boy show a confetti over excited .	0
a boy in shorts doing a skateboard trick .	a boy finds a van down canceled	0
a boy in shorts doing a skateboard trick .	a boy performing an <oov> penguin	0
a boy in shorts doing a skateboard trick .	a boy show is up a crop	0
a boy in shorts doing a skateboard trick .	a boy show is a bored horse .	0
men work on a city street .	the people are working	0
men work on a city street .	the men are working	0
men work on a city street .	the men are working	0
men work on a city street .	the men are working	0
men work on a city street .	the men are working	0
men work on a city street .	the men are working	0
men work on a city street .	the men are working	0
men work on a city street .	the men are working	0
men work on a city street .	the men are working	0
men work on a city street .	the men are working	0
men work on a city street .	the men are working	0
men work on a city street .	the men are working	0
men work on a city street .	the men are working	0
men work on a city street .	the men are working	0
men work on a city street .	the men are working	0
men work on a city street .	the men are working	0
men work on a city street .	the men are working	0
men work on a city street .	the men are working	0
men work on a city street .	the men are working	0
men work on a city street .	the men are working	0
men work on a city street .	the men are working	0
men work on a city street .	the men are working	0
men work on a city street .	the men are working	0
men work on a city street .	the men are working	0
men work on a city street .	the men are working	0
men work on a city street .	the people are working	0
men work on a city street .	the men are working	0
men work on a city street .	the men are working	0
men work on a city street .	the men are working	0
men work on a city street .	the man working	0
men work on a city street .	the men are working	0
men work on a city street .	the men are working	0
men work on a city street .	the men are working	0
men work on a city street .	the men are working	0
men work on a city street .	the men are working	0
men work on a city street .	the people are working	0
men work on a city street .	the men are working	0
men work on a city street .	the men are working	0
men work on a city street .	the men are working	0
men work on a city street .	the men are working	0
men work on a city street .	the men are construction workers .	1
men work on a city street .	the man has construction exterior	1
workers wearing orange vests work on fence .	guy sitting on top bake .	2
workers wearing orange vests work on fence .	a people watched to a picture of movie .	1
workers wearing orange vests work on fence .	a people at a motorcyclist share a speech .	1
workers wearing orange vests work on fence .	a group stand to a sign present for couch	1
workers wearing orange vests work on fence .	a people watched to a take meeting pictures .	1
workers wearing orange vests work on fence .	a people sawing to a fence for snorkeling .	1
workers wearing orange vests work on fence .	a group working to a recipe for prom	1
workers wearing orange vests work on fence .	a people rest to a fence of teenagers .	1
workers wearing orange vests work on fence .	a people repairing a football for a bunch .	1
workers wearing orange vests work on fence .	a people opens a piano taking a camping .	1
workers wearing orange vests work on fence .	a people watched to a fence of work .	1
workers wearing orange vests work on fence .	a people watched to a fence of frosting .	1
workers wearing orange vests work on fence .	a people repairing a motorcycle taking a present .	1
workers wearing orange vests work on fence .	a talent is not a model for bun .	1
workers wearing orange vests work on fence .	a people watched to a fence of customers .	1
workers wearing orange vests work on fence .	a stunt to become a curling sound fishes .	1
workers wearing orange vests work on fence .	a people congregating to a bikes christmas present	1
man chopping wood with an axe .	a man is cutting a wood .	0
man chopping wood with an axe .	a man is cutting a wood .	0
man chopping wood with an axe .	a man is rapping pro attraction . to	0
man chopping wood with an axe .	a man is cutting a wood .	0
man chopping wood with an axe .	a man is cutting a wood .	0
man chopping wood with an axe .	a man is cutting a wood .	0
man chopping wood with an axe .	a man is cutting a wood .	0
man chopping wood with an axe .	a man is grating the shoes .	0
man chopping wood with an axe .	a man is cutting a wood .	0
man chopping wood with an axe .	the man is outside . to a	0
man chopping wood with an axe .	the man is outside . .	0
man chopping wood with an axe .	the man is outside . is	0
man chopping wood with an axe .	the man is outside . . turkey	0
man chopping wood with an axe .	the man is outside . people	0
man chopping wood with an axe .	the man is outside . complaining is	0
man chopping wood with an axe .	the man is outside . to a	0
man chopping wood with an axe .	the man is outside . has	0
man chopping wood with an axe .	the man is outside . at a	0
man chopping wood with an axe .	the man is outside . interaction .	0
man chopping wood with an axe .	the man is outside . .	0
man chopping wood with an axe .	the man is outside . to	0
man chopping wood with an axe .	the man is outside . . turkey	0
man chopping wood with an axe .	the man is outside . tips .	0
man chopping wood with an axe .	the man is outside . . turkey	0
man chopping wood with an axe .	the man is outside . sign is	0
man chopping wood with an axe .	the man is outside . to	0
man chopping wood with an axe .	the man is outside . . turkey	0
man chopping wood with an axe .	the man is outside . .	0
man chopping wood with an axe .	the man is outside . . turkey	0
man chopping wood with an axe .	the man is outside . .	0
man chopping wood with an axe .	the man is outside . a zombie	0
man chopping wood with an axe .	the man is outside . . turkey	0
man chopping wood with an axe .	the man is outside . . turkey	0
man chopping wood with an axe .	the man is outside . . turkey	0
man chopping wood with an axe .	the man is outside . is	0
man chopping wood with an axe .	the man is outside . to is	0
man chopping wood with an axe .	the man is outside . is	0
man chopping wood with an axe .	the man is outside . is yorkie	0
man chopping wood with an axe .	the man is outside . is	0
man chopping wood with an axe .	the man is outside . to	0
man chopping wood with an axe .	the man is outside . tire is	0
man chopping wood with an axe .	the man is outside . a turkey	0
man chopping wood with an axe .	the man is outside . is	0
man chopping wood with an axe .	the man is outside . . turkey	0
man chopping wood with an axe .	the man is outside . carts	0
man chopping wood with an axe .	the man is outside . to	0
man chopping wood with an axe .	the man is outside . . turkey	0
man chopping wood with an axe .	the man is outside . is	0
two soccer players are going after the ball .	there are two soccer players sip .	0
two soccer players are going after the ball .	there are two soccer players process .	0
two soccer players are going after the ball .	there are two soccer players working .	0
two soccer players are going after the ball .	there are two soccer players readying . a	0
two soccer players are going after the ball .	there are two soccer players gossiping .	0
two soccer players are going after the ball .	there are two soccer players scientific .	0
two soccer players are going after the ball .	there are two soccer players marriage .	0
two soccer players are going after the ball .	there are two soccer players spoons .	0
two soccer players are going after the ball .	there are two soccer players players .	0
two soccer players are going after the ball .	there are two soccer players gambling .	0
two soccer players are going after the ball .	there are two soccer players playful .	0
two soccer players are going after the ball .	there are two soccer players oscars .	0
two soccer players are going after the ball .	there are two soccer players grouped .	0
two soccer players are going after the ball .	there are two soccer players halftime . across	0
two soccer players are going after the ball .	there are two soccer players gay .	0
two soccer players are going after the ball .	there are two soccer players converse .	0
two soccer players are going after the ball .	there are two soccer players bound .	0
two soccer players are going after the ball .	there are the crowd . ` bow	2
two soccer players are going after the ball .	there are the crowd . people	2
two soccer players are going after the ball .	there are the crowd . people turkey	2
two soccer players are going after the ball .	there are the crowd . ` travel	2
two soccer players are going after the ball .	people are playing baseball .	2
two soccer players are going after the ball .	there are the crowd . snowball man	2
two soccer players are going after the ball .	there are the crowd . ` man	2
two soccer players are going after the ball .	people are playing baseball .	2
two soccer players are going after the ball .	there are the crowd . . turkey	2
two soccer players are going after the ball .	there are the crowd . <oov> mom	2
two soccer players are going after the ball .	there are the crowd . people	2
two soccer players are going after the ball .	there are the crowd . people turkey	2
two soccer players are going after the ball .	there are the crowd . to play	2
two soccer players are going after the ball .	people are playing baseball . and	2
two soccer players are going after the ball .	there are the showers cage . <oov>	2
two soccer players are going after the ball .	there are the crowd . people	2
two soccer players are going after the ball .	people are playing baseball . of the	2
the guitarist performs a rocking solo .	children at the criminal is home	2
the guitarist performs a rocking solo .	the white person is flat harnesses	2
the guitarist performs a rocking solo .	two football at a rodeo red	2
the guitarist performs a rocking solo .	the factory at home spots is award ?	2
the guitarist performs a rocking solo .	the factory at home eats home	2
the guitarist performs a rocking solo .	the jazz musician is	0
the guitarist performs a rocking solo .	the musician is performing	0
the guitarist performs a rocking solo .	the musician is performing	0
the guitarist performs a rocking solo .	the room is going	0
the guitarist performs a rocking solo .	a musician is performing	0
the guitarist performs a rocking solo .	the musician is performing	0
the guitarist performs a rocking solo .	an country is performing	0
the guitarist performs a rocking solo .	a musician is performing	0
the guitarist performs a rocking solo .	the musician is performing	0
the guitarist performs a rocking solo .	the fine is watching	0
the guitarist performs a rocking solo .	the musician is performing	0
the guitarist performs a rocking solo .	the musician is performing	0
the guitarist performs a rocking solo .	musician is towing employee	0
the guitarist performs a rocking solo .	a musician is sitting	0
the guitarist performs a rocking solo .	the musician is performing	0
the guitarist performs a rocking solo .	the musician is performing	0
the guitarist performs a rocking solo .	the holder watching tv	0
the guitarist performs a rocking solo .	the musician is performing	0
the guitarist performs a rocking solo .	the musician is performing	0
the guitarist performs a rocking solo .	the desks is performing	0
the guitarist performs a rocking solo .	an elderly men write	0
the guitarist performs a rocking solo .	the musician is performing	0
the guitarist performs a rocking solo .	the jazz musician is	0
the guitarist performs a rocking solo .	a musician is performing	0
the guitarist performs a rocking solo .	the dance is struggling	0
the guitarist performs a rocking solo .	the jazz animal is	0
the guitarist performs a rocking solo .	the musician is performing	0
the guitarist performs a rocking solo .	the musician is performing	0
the guitarist performs a rocking solo .	musician is watching tennis	0
the guitarist performs a rocking solo .	the musician is performing	0
the guitarist performs a rocking solo .	the jazz is watching	0
the guitarist performs a rocking solo .	the jazz is going	0
the guitarist performs a rocking solo .	the musician is performing	0
the guitarist performs a rocking solo .	an adult playing tennis	0
the guitarist performs a rocking solo .	the musician is performing	0
the guitarist performs a rocking solo .	the musician is performing	0
the guitarist performs a rocking solo .	the fine is chicago	0
the guitarist performs a rocking solo .	the musician is performing	0
the guitarist performs a rocking solo .	the musician is performing	0
the guitarist performs a rocking solo .	the miami is watching	0
the guitarist performs a rocking solo .	the bear is carrying crayons his dad .	1
the guitarist performs a rocking solo .	the dance is carrying chocolate his rake	1
the guitarist performs a rocking solo .	the bear is carrying his patient pet	1
the guitarist performs a rocking solo .	the bvoy is carrying chairs inside studying	1
the guitarist performs a rocking solo .	the dance is carrying her trimmed rest	1
the guitarist performs a rocking solo .	the dance is empty carrying his smartphone	1
the guitarist performs a rocking solo .	the dance is carrying around his beard legs .	1
the guitarist performs a rocking solo .	the bear is recording his patient shave	1
the guitarist performs a rocking solo .	the dance is carrying chocolate his glider kayaker .	1
the guitarist performs a rocking solo .	the dance is carrying camper his dad	1
the guitarist performs a rocking solo .	the jazz is ripping large potatoes	1
the guitarist performs a rocking solo .	the transit hosts is carrying his sidelines .	1
the guitarist performs a rocking solo .	the fans is pedaling around his wife	1
the guitarist performs a rocking solo .	the dance is carrying summit around showing	1
the guitarist performs a rocking solo .	the dance is carrying pads his resume .	1
the guitarist performs a rocking solo .	the asian boy is silent his britney .	1
the guitarist performs a rocking solo .	the asian boy is carrying his parents	1
the guitarist performs a rocking solo .	the dance is carrying over his tapestry	1
the guitarist performs a rocking solo .	the dance is carrying her his dad .	1
the guitarist performs a rocking solo .	the costumed is pedaling his mobile pork	1
the guitarist performs a rocking solo .	the pony is carrying empty his parents	1
the guitarist performs a rocking solo .	the percussion is your over his may .	1
the guitarist performs a rocking solo .	the offensive is carrying his yellow forehead	1
the guitarist performs a rocking solo .	the presents one is carrying his job .	1
the guitarist performs a rocking solo .	the dance is carrying awe flips drives	1
the guitarist performs a rocking solo .	the kid is carrying large fresh tea .	1
a <oov> dog running in the grass .	a dog is being taught a at rodeo	2
a <oov> dog running in the grass .	a dog is being seductively at a wrench .	2
a <oov> dog running in the grass .	a dog is being taught a at rodeo	2
a <oov> dog running in the grass .	a dog is being chased at a monument .	2
a <oov> dog running in the grass .	a dog is being bongo at a rodeo	2
a <oov> dog running in the grass .	a dog being paid utensil a touchdown pauses	2
a <oov> dog running in the grass .	a dog is being mowed at a wand	2
a <oov> dog running in the grass .	a dog is being celebrated at a moonwalk .	2
a <oov> dog running in the grass .	a dog is being taught at a joint marlin	2
a <oov> dog running in the grass .	a dog is being taught a at rodeo	2
a <oov> dog running in the grass .	a dog is being bathed at a loss	2
a <oov> dog running in the grass .	a dog is being celebrated at a kiosk .	2
a <oov> dog running in the grass .	a man is being wraps a tasting piece .	2
a <oov> dog running in the grass .	a dog is being recorded at a homerun .	2
a <oov> dog running in the grass .	a dog is being regrets at a gift .	2
a <oov> dog running in the grass .	a dog is being cycling at a benefit	2
a <oov> dog running in the grass .	a dog is being mowed at a promotional	2
a <oov> dog running in the grass .	a dog is being taught a really eating	2
a <oov> dog running in the grass .	a dog is being taught a wrapper jug .	2
a <oov> dog running in the grass .	a dog is being chased at a historical .	2
a <oov> dog running in the grass .	a dog is being unloaded at a hospital	2
a <oov> dog running in the grass .	a dog running wearing a shark is 5k .	2
a <oov> dog running in the grass .	a dog is being worn a at dusk .	2
a <oov> dog running in the grass .	a dog with a loved vocal at cheesecake	2
a <oov> dog running in the grass .	a dog is being chased at a historical .	2
a <oov> dog running in the grass .	a dog is being inclined at a monument .	2
a <oov> dog running in the grass .	a dog is being stocking at a celebration	2
a <oov> dog running in the grass .	a dog is being taught a at ledge .	2
a <oov> dog running in the grass .	a dog is being device at a maze .	2
a <oov> dog running in the grass .	a dog with a graffitied ignores at cement .	2
a <oov> dog running in the grass .	a dog is being guides at a derby	2
a <oov> dog running in the grass .	a dog runs in the grass .	0
a <oov> dog running in the grass .	a dog runs in the grass .	0
a <oov> dog running in the grass .	a dog runs in the grass .	0
a <oov> dog running in the grass .	a dog runs in the grass .	0
a <oov> dog running in the grass .	a dog runs through the . lane	0
a child buried in the sand .	the child is swimming at the pool .	2
she is standing outside a building .	a female mascot outside sleeping parent .	0
she is standing outside a building .	a female outside is green shaking .	0
she is standing outside a building .	a couple outside entertaining the leash .	0
she is standing outside a building .	a female outside is displaying everywhere .	0
she is standing outside a building .	a couple outside entertaining the photograph .	0
she is standing outside a building .	a female woman is taking bicycle .	0
she is standing outside a building .	a female outside is drawn riding .	0
she is standing outside a building .	a female is outside green bonding . increase	0
she is standing outside a building .	a female outside is raining outdoors .	0
she is standing outside a building .	a female outside is displaying cosmetics .	0
she is standing outside a building .	a female outside is ready watched .	0
she is standing outside a building .	a female outside is someones able .	0
she is standing outside a building .	a female outside is fleeing black .	0
she is standing outside a building .	a couple outside falling spending outdoors .	0
she is standing outside a building .	a female outside is master heads .	0
she is standing outside a building .	a couple outside is bright salad .	0
she is standing outside a building .	a female is outside kissing photos .	0
she is standing outside a building .	a couple outside holding the beer .	0
she is standing outside a building .	a female outside is entertaining fumes . 've	0
she is standing outside a building .	a female preparing people wait case .	0
she is standing outside a building .	a female outside is missing bicycle .	0
she is standing outside a building .	a female outside is throwing bonding .	0
she is standing outside a building .	a female outside is throwing lice .	0
she is standing outside a building .	a female outside is raining quietly .	0
she is standing outside a building .	a female outside is forced outdoors .	0
she is standing outside a building .	a female outside is miserable quietly .	0
she is standing outside a building .	a man inside outside green grass .	0
she is standing outside a building .	a man outside is brushing shout .	0
she is standing outside a building .	a female outside is raining tank .	0
she is standing outside a building .	a female outside is throwing kicks .	0
she is standing outside a building .	a female outside is energetically green .	0
she is standing outside a building .	a female outside is throwing sticks .	0
she is standing outside a building .	a female outside is hiking equipment .	0
she is standing outside a building .	a woman is posing for a cross .	1
she is standing outside a building .	a woman is posing for a selfie .	1
she is standing outside a building .	a snowboarder is posing for a system .	1
she is standing outside a building .	a woman is posing on a tobacco .	1
she is standing outside a building .	a woman is posing for a puppy .	1
she is standing outside a building .	a woman is posing for a cross .	1
she is standing outside a building .	a woman is posing for a puppy .	1
she is standing outside a building .	a woman is posing against a guy .	1
she is standing outside a building .	a woman is posing for a cross .	1
she is standing outside a building .	a woman is posing of a soup .	1
she is standing outside a building .	a woman is posing of a patient .	1
she is standing outside a building .	a woman is posing for a puppy .	1
she is standing outside a building .	a woman is posing of her brothers .	1
a group of people sitting and knitting .	people are sitting .	0
a group of people sitting and knitting .	people are sitting .	0
a group of people sitting and knitting .	people are sitting .	0
a group of people sitting and knitting .	people are sitting .	0
a group of people sitting and knitting .	people are sitting .	0
a group of people sitting and knitting .	people are sitting .	0
a group of people sitting and knitting .	people are sitting .	0
a group of people sitting and knitting .	people are sitting .	0
a group of people sitting and knitting .	people are sitting .	0
a group of people sitting and knitting .	people are sitting .	0
a group of people sitting and knitting .	people are sitting .	0
a group of people sitting and knitting .	people are sitting .	0
a group of people sitting and knitting .	people are sitting .	0
a group of people sitting and knitting .	people are sitting .	0
a group of people sitting and knitting .	people are sitting .	0
a group of people sitting and knitting .	people are sitting .	0
a group of people sitting and knitting .	people are sitting .	0
a group of people sitting and knitting .	people are sitting .	0
a group of people sitting and knitting .	people are sitting .	0
a group of people sitting and knitting .	people are sitting .	0
a group of people sitting and knitting .	people are sitting .	0
a group of people sitting and knitting .	people are sitting .	0
a group of people sitting and knitting .	people are sitting .	0
a group of people sitting and knitting .	people are sitting .	0
a group of people sitting and knitting .	people are sitting .	0
a group of people sitting and knitting .	people are sitting .	0
a group of people sitting and knitting .	people are sitting .	0
a group of people sitting and knitting .	people are sitting .	0
a group of people sitting and knitting .	people are sitting . people	0
a group of people sitting and knitting .	people are sitting .	0
a group of people sitting and knitting .	people are sitting .	0
a group of people sitting and knitting .	people are sitting .	0
a group of people sitting and knitting .	people are sitting .	0
a group of people sitting and knitting .	people are sitting .	0
a group of people sitting and knitting .	people are sitting .	0
a group of people sitting and knitting .	people are sitting .	0
a group of people sitting and knitting .	people are sitting .	0
a group of people sitting and knitting .	people are sitting .	0
a group of people sitting and knitting .	people are festivities .	0
a group of people sitting and knitting .	people are sitting .	0
a group of people sitting and knitting .	everyone was not sleeping .	2
a group of people sitting and knitting .	cowboys is sleeping .	2
a group of people sitting and knitting .	couple is sleeping .	2
a group of people sitting and knitting .	everyone was not sleeping .	2
a group of people sitting and knitting .	a group of women are rioting stretch plates .	1
a group of people sitting and knitting .	a group of women are wanting pepper .	1
a group of people sitting and knitting .	a group of women are occupying mile .	1
a group of people sitting and knitting .	a group of women are wanting winter .	1
a group of people sitting and knitting .	a group of teenagers are having conversations .	1
a group of people sitting and knitting .	a group of women are knitting scarf .	1
a group of people sitting and knitting .	a group of women are having greek .	1
a group of people sitting and knitting .	a group of women are knitting mainly .	1
a group of people sitting and knitting .	a group of women are knitting scarves .	1
a group of people sitting and knitting .	a group of women are knitting practicing .	1
a group of people sitting and knitting .	a group of women are avoiding knives .	1
a group of people sitting and knitting .	a group of women are wanting breakfast .	1
a group of people sitting and knitting .	a group of teenagers are having discussion .	1
a group of people sitting and knitting .	a group of women are knitting joining .	1
a group of people sitting and knitting .	a group of women are knitting fat .	1
a group of people sitting and knitting .	a group of women are wanting about .	1
a group of people sitting and knitting .	a group of women are knitting doughnuts .	1
a group of people sitting and knitting .	a group of cows are having conversations .	1
a group of people sitting and knitting .	a group of women are knitting pipes .	1
a group of people sitting and knitting .	a group of women are knitting stretch .	1
a group of people sitting and knitting .	a group of women are businessmen eachother .	1
a group of people sitting and knitting .	a group of women are businessmen about .	1
a little boy playing outside on the cement .	a man is outside playing . to	0
a little boy playing outside on the cement .	a man is outside playing . to	0
a little boy playing outside on the cement .	a man is outside playing . is	0
a little boy playing outside on the cement .	a man is outside playing . to	0
a little boy playing outside on the cement .	a boy is outside playing . people	0
a little boy playing outside on the cement .	a man is outside playing . to	0
a little boy playing outside on the cement .	a boy is outside playing . is	0
a little boy playing outside on the cement .	a boy is outside playing . to	0
a little boy playing outside on the cement .	a boy is outside playing . to	0
a little boy playing outside on the cement .	a boy is outside playing . is	0
a little boy playing outside on the cement .	a man is outside playing . people	0
a little boy playing outside on the cement .	a boy is outside playing . is	0
a little boy playing outside on the cement .	a boy is outside playing . people	0
a little boy playing outside on the cement .	a boy is outside playing . to	0
a little boy playing outside on the cement .	a man is outside playing . a	0
a little boy playing outside on the cement .	a man is outside playing . is	0
a little boy playing outside on the cement .	a boy is outside playing . is	0
a little boy playing outside on the cement .	a boy is outside playing . is	0
a little boy playing outside on the cement .	a boy is outside playing . to	0
a little boy playing outside on the cement .	a boy is outside playing . from	0
a little boy playing outside on the cement .	a boy is outside playing . is	0
a little boy playing outside on the cement .	a man is outside playing . at	0
a little boy playing outside on the cement .	a man is outside playing . is	0
a little boy playing outside on the cement .	a boy is outside playing . woman is	0
a little boy playing outside on the cement .	a boy is doing homework .	2
a little boy playing outside on the cement .	a boy is doing homework .	2
a little boy playing outside on the cement .	a boy is doing homework .	2
a little boy playing outside on the cement .	a boy is doing homework .	2
a little boy playing outside on the cement .	a boy is doing homework . came turkey	2
boy with red shorts getting soaked with water .	a boy is getting splashed guitar .	1
boy with red shorts getting soaked with water .	a boy is getting splashed . some	1
boy with red shorts getting soaked with water .	a boy is getting splashed close . to	1
boy with red shorts getting soaked with water .	the boy is not dreaming .	2
boy with red shorts getting soaked with water .	the man is not normally . pillar	2
a nighttime street scene of a restaurant .	a waterskier stadium in an yearbook park .	2
a nighttime street scene of a restaurant .	a paramedics jacket is winning a turn .	2
a nighttime street scene of a restaurant .	a scientist approached out in an event .	2
a nighttime street scene of a restaurant .	a kitchen solemnly under an <oov> building .	2
a nighttime street scene of a restaurant .	a sailboat stadium is sleeping fishing .	2
a nighttime street scene of a restaurant .	a scientist presents is sleeping little cars .	2
a nighttime street scene of a restaurant .	a gentlemen stadium is in supper stroller .	2
a nighttime street scene of a restaurant .	a waterskier of john by an intimate .	2
a nighttime street scene of a restaurant .	a woodworker priest of an oak building .	2
a nighttime street scene of a restaurant .	a polishes crew in this park brush .	2
a nighttime street scene of a restaurant .	a shark pulled in lime discussing sprinkler .	2
a nighttime street scene of a restaurant .	a scientist dragon is in this water .	2
a nighttime street scene of a restaurant .	a groomsman of john in natural movement .	2
a nighttime street scene of a restaurant .	a goldfish seller in an ancient building .	2
a nighttime street scene of a restaurant .	a dalmatian respect is in this great water .	2
a nighttime street scene of a restaurant .	a crowded employee of an actual building	2
a nighttime street scene of a restaurant .	a shark polishes is in harnesses boxes .	2
a nighttime street scene of a restaurant .	a party of accordion in a event .	2
a nighttime street scene of a restaurant .	a stylish stadium is in this park .	2
a nighttime street scene of a restaurant .	a raft stadium is sleeping in terrace .	2
a nighttime street scene of a restaurant .	a pregnant of john in a structure .	2
a nighttime street scene of a restaurant .	a walgreens lovers is in furry water .	2
a nighttime street scene of a restaurant .	a jumper crew working in a bazaar .	2
a nighttime street scene of a restaurant .	a peaceful remote is an a building .	2
a nighttime street scene of a restaurant .	a restaurant is reading to hawaii .	1
a nighttime street scene of a restaurant .	a stuntman is reading to them . boy	1
a nighttime street scene of a restaurant .	the restaurant is reading to javelin .	1
a nighttime street scene of a restaurant .	a turtle is reading a close .	1
a nighttime street scene of a restaurant .	a restaurant is reading to compete .	1
a nighttime street scene of a restaurant .	a turtle is reading a close . to	1
a nighttime street scene of a restaurant .	a husband is a very motionless .	1
a nighttime street scene of a restaurant .	a folk is reading a close .	1
a nighttime street scene of a restaurant .	a hooker is having a daily .	1
a nighttime street scene of a restaurant .	a hooded is reading to compete .	1
a nighttime street scene of a restaurant .	a stuntman is reading to drop . tickling	1
a nighttime street scene of a restaurant .	a filthy is a bike close .	1
a nighttime street scene of a restaurant .	a backpacker is reading a ben . people	1
a nighttime street scene of a restaurant .	a veteran is reading to hawaii .	1
a nighttime street scene of a restaurant .	a turtle is reading to compete .	1
a nighttime street scene of a restaurant .	a lioness is reading to compete .	1
a nighttime street scene of a restaurant .	a turtle is reading the adult .	1
a nighttime street scene of a restaurant .	a husband is to a packed . to	1
a nighttime street scene of a restaurant .	a hobo is reading to them .	1
a nighttime street scene of a restaurant .	a black-haired is reading to the daily .	1
a nighttime street scene of a restaurant .	a solider is reading to wheat .	1
a nighttime street scene of a restaurant .	a county is a bike close .	1
three women are dressed in ninja costumes .	there is only one person test parachuting .	2
three women are dressed in ninja costumes .	there is wood with cutting ropes end .	2
three women are dressed in ninja costumes .	there is traveler one wrestler scotch on .	2
three women are dressed in ninja costumes .	there is only one person casting pictures .	2
three women are dressed in ninja costumes .	there is only one person spreading .	2
three women are dressed in ninja costumes .	there is mopping one person treat .	2
three women are dressed in ninja costumes .	there is sleeping delivered body the policeman .	2
three women are dressed in ninja costumes .	there is mopping one person spits underground .	2
three women are dressed in ninja costumes .	there is robbed one plays for hot .	2
three women are dressed in ninja costumes .	there is only one person partially downhill .	2
three women are dressed in ninja costumes .	there is only one person masonry pictures .	2
three women are dressed in ninja costumes .	there is someone advertising indoors at steak .	2
three women are dressed in ninja costumes .	there is wood two at different baskets .	2
three women are dressed in ninja costumes .	there is only one person spreading .	2
three women are dressed in ninja costumes .	there are multiple people present .	0
three women are dressed in ninja costumes .	there are multiple people present .	0
three women are dressed in ninja costumes .	there are multiple people present .	0
three women are dressed in ninja costumes .	there are multiple people learning .	0
three women are dressed in ninja costumes .	a dog protects through black . people	1
three women are dressed in ninja costumes .	a dog sniffing a black . people	1
three women are dressed in ninja costumes .	a dog weaves corn a animal .	1
three women are dressed in ninja costumes .	a dog peels move a mouth . and	1
three women are dressed in ninja costumes .	a dog drove a black . a	1
three women are dressed in ninja costumes .	a dog sniffing a black guitar .	1
three women are dressed in ninja costumes .	a dog howling inside a goose .	1
three women are dressed in ninja costumes .	a dog strokes to black . scraps	1
three women are dressed in ninja costumes .	a man exits black black . and	1
three women are dressed in ninja costumes .	a dog sniffing a black stick . hard	1
three women are dressed in ninja costumes .	a dog sniffing a paper . people	1
three women are dressed in ninja costumes .	a dog surgeons where black . wave	1
three women are dressed in ninja costumes .	a bounce preform on a motorcycle . . turkey	1
three women are dressed in ninja costumes .	a dog fetched a black . is	1
three women are dressed in ninja costumes .	a dog hang through a game .	1
three women are dressed in ninja costumes .	a dog sniffing a black stick . group	1
three women are dressed in ninja costumes .	a dog sniffing a black . to	1
three women are dressed in ninja costumes .	a dog sniffing a black hoop . turkey	1
three women are dressed in ninja costumes .	a dog hops crowds black . carts vacuum	1
three women are dressed in ninja costumes .	a dog chews down her . to	1
three women are dressed in ninja costumes .	a gospel descends on black . halloween friends	1
three women are dressed in ninja costumes .	a paraglider entertainer down sit . to	1
three women are dressed in ninja costumes .	a dog sniffing down a motorcycle . football	1
three women are dressed in ninja costumes .	a dancer attends down a watercraft .	1
three women are dressed in ninja costumes .	a dog sniffing a black . 's	1
three women are dressed in ninja costumes .	a dog striding a black . is	1
three women are dressed in ninja costumes .	a dog sniffing a black former . tickling	1
three women are dressed in ninja costumes .	a dog sniffing a black . people	1
three women are dressed in ninja costumes .	a dog sprints old black . the	1
three women are dressed in ninja costumes .	a dog chews on a blue . is	1
three women are dressed in ninja costumes .	a dog hops over bike .	1
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	the two dogs are playing with a musical counter	1
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	the two man playing a blackjack with blankets .	1
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	the two dogs are playing with a frisbee .	1
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	the two man playing a competitive with musical .	1
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	the two man playing a with everywhere checkup .	1
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	the two man playing a with musical instruments .	1
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	the two man playing a with greeting it .	1
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	the two man playing a with electronic frisbee .	1
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	the two man playing a with reflective worn .	1
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	the two man playing a with musical fabrics	1
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	the two man playing a with reflective practice .	1
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	the two dogs are playing with a frisbee	1
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	the two dogs are playing with a musical .	1
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	the two man playing a with rubber .	1
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	the two man playing a with reflective t-shirt .	1
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	the two man playing a with musical yogurt .	1
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	the two dogs are playing with a belongings .	1
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	the two man playing a with jump rope .	1
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	the two man playing a with jump dives	1
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	the two man playing a with helmets practice .	1
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	the two man playing a with pencils rollerskates .	1
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	the two man playing a with musical breath	1
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	the two dogs are playing with a fan .	1
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	the two man playing a blues with actors .	1
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	the two man playing a with frisbee sausage .	1
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	the two man playing a with musical chairs	1
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	the two man playing a with greeting fan .	1
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	the two man playing a with frisbee choke .	1
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	the two man playing a with musical keys .	1
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	the two man outside .	0
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	the <oov> man appears outside . a	0
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	the two man outside .	0
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	the two dogs outside . .	0
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	the two man matching outside . of	0
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	the <oov> man problems outside . man	0
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	the two man outside .	0
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	the <oov> dogs are outside . .	0
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	the <oov> man landed .	0
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	the <oov> man whale . as	0
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	the two man outside .	0
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	the two man outside .	0
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	the two man outside .	0
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	the two man outside .	0
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	the two man outside .	0
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	the two dogs outside . .	0
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	the two dogs outside . .	0
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	the two man outside .	0
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	the two dogs are outside . a	0
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	the two man outside .	0
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	the two man outside .	0
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	the two man outside . is	0
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	the <oov> man review outside . celtic a	0
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	the two man outside . flys	0
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	the two man outside .	0
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	the two man outside . is	0
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	the boy <oov> fold .	0
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	the two dogs outside . .	0
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	the <oov> man scope outside . a	0
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	the two man outside .	0
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	the two man spacious outside . a	0
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	the two man outside .	0
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	the <oov> man handlebars outside . a	0
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	the two man outside .	0
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	the <oov> dogs are outside . .	0
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	the two man outside .	0
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	the two man outside . is	0
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	the two man outside .	0
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	the two man outside .	0
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	the two man outside .	0
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	two men are body a screwdriver and microphones .	2
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	the two man are playing some hockey rv .	2
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	two the man are playing in the field .	2
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	two the man are playing in the field .	2
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	two the man are playing in a corvette .	2
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	two man the trolley are near a very potted	2
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	two the man are playing in the sun	2
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	the two man are resting in the field	2
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	the two man are asleep in the field .	2
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	two the man are playing in a seated pool	2
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	two men are playing a basketball in potholes .	2
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	two the man are playing in the sun	2
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	two the man are rioting in a field	2
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	two the man are playing in a puddle .	2
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	two men are plays a basketball in plaza .	2
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	two men are african-american a besides and track .	2
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	two the man are alongside a hockey plant	2
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	the two man are playing in the sun	2
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	the two man are playing catch a dart	2
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	the two man are playing in a field .	2
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	a boy plays packages on a ball in air	2
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	two the man are playing in the muddy .	2
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	the two man are playing catch a checkers .	2
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	two the man are playing in a kick .	2
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	the two man are playing basketball in miami .	2
two dogs are playing catch in a field .	the two man are playing in the field .	2
two men at a table having drinks .	two people are drinking beer .	0
two men at a table having drinks .	two people are drinking beer .	0
two men at a table having drinks .	two people are drinking beer .	0
two men at a table having drinks .	two people are on swimmers . a	0
two men at a table having drinks .	two people are drinking beer .	0
a man is playing drums with a band .	a man is playing a board game .	0
a man is playing drums with a band .	a man is playing a card game .	0
a man is playing drums with a band .	a man is playing an almost sailing .	0
a man is playing drums with a band .	a man is playing a park maneuver .	0
a man is playing drums with a band .	a man is playing a pro card .	0
a man is playing drums with a band .	a man is playing an ocean instrument .	0
a man is playing drums with a band .	a man is obscured behind a club .	0
a man is playing drums with a band .	a man is playing a card game .	0
a man is playing drums with a band .	a man is playing a park motocross .	0
a man is playing drums with a band .	a man is playing a card game .	0
a man is playing drums with a band .	a man is playing a card game .	0
a man is playing drums with a band .	a man is playing a colorful piece .	0
a man is playing drums with a band .	a man is on a painting .	0
a man is playing drums with a band .	a man is playing an inflatable instrument .	0
a man is playing drums with a band .	a man is playing a foosball card .	0
a man is playing drums with a band .	a man is playing a brightly game .	0
a man is playing drums with a band .	a man is emotional an her mullet .	0
a man is playing drums with a band .	a man is playing a game closed .	0
a man is playing drums with a band .	a man is playing an ocean instrument .	0
a man is playing drums with a band .	a man is playing a paved net .	0
a man is playing drums with a band .	a man is playing a game .	0
a man is playing drums with a band .	a man is playing an experiment .	0
a man is playing drums with a band .	a man is playing a card hairless .	0
a man is playing drums with a band .	a man is riding an elephant kiosk .	0
a man is playing drums with a band .	a man is playing a spanish instrument .	0
a man is playing drums with a band .	a man is playing a stringed instrument .	0
a man is playing drums with a band .	a man is playing an inflatable instrument .	0
a couple walking down the street .	people walking outside lines	0
a couple walking down the street .	people walking outside over	0
a couple walking down the street .	people walking outside incredibly	0
a couple walking down the street .	people walking outside	0
a couple walking down the street .	people walking outside poop	0
a couple walking down the street .	people walking outside leap	0
a couple walking down the street .	people walking outside collide	0
a couple walking down the street .	people walking outside	0
a couple walking down the street .	people walking outside experts	0
a couple walking down the street .	people walking outside wildly	0
a couple walking down the street .	people walking outside pizzas	0
a couple walking down the street .	people walking outside mid	0
a couple walking down the street .	people walking outside rapids	0
a couple walking down the street .	people walking outside corridor	0
a couple walking down the street .	people walking outside	0
a couple walking down the street .	people walking outside haggling	0
a couple walking down the street .	people walking outside light	0
a couple walking down the street .	people walking outside celtics	0
a couple walking down the street .	people walking outside wildly	0
a couple walking down the street .	people walking outside powered	0
a couple walking down the street .	people walking outside tears	0
a couple walking down the street .	people walking outside underneath	0
a couple walking down the street .	people walking outside road	0
a couple walking down the street .	people walking outside clear	0
a couple walking down the street .	people walking outside fairgrounds	0
a couple walking down the street .	people walking outside tears	0
a couple walking down the street .	people walking outside ends	0
a couple walking down the street .	people can not ride	0
a couple walking down the street .	people walking outside underneath	0
a couple walking down the street .	people walking outside hide	0
a couple walking down the street .	people walking outside washington	0
a couple walking down the street .	people walking outside divorce	0
a couple walking down the street .	people walking outside poem	0
a couple walking down the street .	people walking outside rotten	0
a couple walking down the street .	people walking outside underneath	0
a couple walking down the street .	people walking outside leap	0
a couple walking down the street .	people walking outside armed	0
a couple walking down the street .	people walking outside cruising	0
a couple walking down the street .	people walking outside moon	0
a boy in a swing .	a boy playing videogames	0
a boy in a swing .	a boy playing badminton	0
a boy in a swing .	a boy playing leap	0
a boy in a swing .	a boy playing dinning	0
a boy in a swing .	a boy playing unicorns	0
a boy in a swing .	a boy playing saving	0
a boy in a swing .	a boy playing mixer	0
a boy in a swing .	a boy playing videogames	0
a boy in a swing .	a boy playing shouts	0
a boy in a swing .	a boy playing harnesses	0
a boy in a swing .	a boy playing humorous	0
a boy in a swing .	a boy playing champagne	0
a boy in a swing .	a boy playing mouse	0
a boy in a swing .	a boy playing hide	0
a boy in a swing .	a boy playing weeds	0
a boy in a swing .	a boy playing loudly	0
a boy in a swing .	a boy playing badminton	0
a boy in a swing .	a boy playing hide	0
a boy in a swing .	a boy playing pizza	0
a boy in a swing .	a boy playing service	0
a boy in a swing .	a boy playing beams	0
a boy in a swing .	a boy playing spying	0
a boy in a swing .	a boy playing hide	0
a boy in a swing .	a boy playing comfortably	0
a boy in a swing .	a boy playing flying	0
a boy in a swing .	a boy playing kansas	0
a boy in a swing .	a boy playing ruins	0
a boy in a swing .	a boy playing hide	0
a boy in a swing .	a boy playing medium	0
a boy in a swing .	a boy playing hide	0
a boy in a swing .	a boy playing badminton	0
a boy in a swing .	a boy playing bagpipes	0
a boy in a swing .	a boy playing hide	0
a boy in a swing .	a boy playing hide	0
a boy in a swing .	a boy playing bagpipes	0
a boy in a swing .	a boy playing leap	0
a boy in a swing .	a boy playing pokemon	0
a boy in a swing .	a boy playing bagpipes	0
a boy in a swing .	a boy playing puppy	0
a boy in a swing .	a boy playing ranch	0
a boy in a swing .	boy swinging congregate	0
a boy in a swing .	boy swinging cracks	0
a boy in a swing .	boy swinging a crowded	0
a boy in a swing .	boy swinging a crowded	0
a boy in a swing .	boy swinging harnesses	0
a boy in a swing .	boy swinging mouse	0
a boy in a swing .	boy flies enough	0
a boy in a swing .	boy swinging congratulate	0
a boy in a swing .	empty sort herbs	0
a boy in a swing .	boy swinging humorous defense	0
a boy in a swing .	boy swinging a crowded	0
a boy in a swing .	boy swinging burritos	0
a boy in a swing .	boy swinging uphill	0
a boy in a swing .	boy swinging boxes	0
a boy in a swing .	just a sweet	0
a boy in a swing .	boy swinging a oak	0
a boy in a swing .	airport terminal compete	0
a boy in a swing .	boy swinging down	0
a boy in a swing .	boy flies magic	0
a boy in a swing .	boy swinging a crowded	0
a boy in a swing .	boy swinging someones	0
a boy in a swing .	boy swinging maintaining	0
a boy in a swing .	fisherman parks is slide	0
a boy in a swing .	boy swinging a building	0
a boy in a swing .	boy swinging a mold	0
a boy in a swing .	boy swinging a sermon	0
a boy in a swing .	boy swinging a jacket	0
a boy in a swing .	mammals child a building	0
a boy in a swing .	black child training	0
a boy in a swing .	boy swinging lands	0
a boy in a swing .	child carries bombs	0
a boy in a swing .	her child leave uphill	0
a boy in a swing .	boy swinging a gazelle	0
a boy in a swing .	boy swinging skiis	0
a boy in a swing .	boy swinging a jacket	0
a boy in a swing .	a customer sleeping	0
a boy in a swing .	boy swinging down	0
a boy in a swing .	boy teaches accepts	0
a boy in a swing .	boy swinging a jacket	0
a boy in a swing .	boy swimming	2
a man standing alone in a park .	a man reunion at home .	2
two small children walk away in a field .	two bike in representing touching . is	0
two small children walk away in a field .	two young people outdoors walk .	0
two small children walk away in a field .	two children is defense outdoors . `	0
two small children walk away in a field .	two white firetruck vicinity the . is	0
two small children walk away in a field .	two bike in confident touching . .	0
two small children walk away in a field .	two children is defense outdoors . the	0
two small children walk away in a field .	two children is bathing outdoors . aftermath	0
two small children walk away in a field .	two children is nintendo outdoors . frown girl	0
two small children walk away in a field .	two children is dead them . .	0
two small children walk away in a field .	two children is defense outdoors . `	0
two small children walk away in a field .	two children team is wrestling . outside	0
two small children walk away in a field .	two young people admire them . to a	0
two small children walk away in a field .	two small children walk outdoors .	0
two small children walk away in a field .	two children is defense outdoors . `	0
two small children walk away in a field .	two children kicking the cheeseburger . people	0
two small children walk away in a field .	two children and lead mass . to	0
two small children walk away in a field .	a boy is dead camera . the	0
two small children walk away in a field .	two children is thick outdoors . the	0
two small children walk away in a field .	two bike in the snow . <oov>	0
two small children walk away in a field .	two bike in the snow . firing	0
two small children walk away in a field .	two bike in the snow . not	0
two small children walk away in a field .	two children and thick stairs . themselves is	0
two small children walk away in a field .	two children is dead won . `	0
two small children walk away in a field .	two children is exploring outdoors . elephant could	0
two small children walk away in a field .	two bike in guitar affectionate . to a	0
two small children walk away in a field .	two children is defense exercise . `	0
two small children walk away in a field .	two young children is landing . `	0
two small children walk away in a field .	two children is worshiping outdoors . /	0
two small children walk away in a field .	two children is defense steps . of road	0
two small children walk away in a field .	two children is dead them . a bike	0
two small children walk away in a field .	two children team is outdoors . at a	0
two small children walk away in a field .	two children and care stairs . at two	0
two small children walk away in a field .	two children is defense outdoors . the	0
two small children walk away in a field .	two bike in the snow . to	0
a couple about to kiss somewhere .	a squad is wearing a smoke painting	2
a couple about to kiss somewhere .	a busy child is buying something at paved .	2
a couple about to kiss somewhere .	a bakery is enjoys a puzzle pile .	2
a couple about to kiss somewhere .	a hippie is wearing a menorah region feathers .	2
a couple about to kiss somewhere .	a crop is wearing a speedo kong place .	2
a couple about to kiss somewhere .	a dude is wearing a bottle pancake operate .	2
a couple about to kiss somewhere .	a carpenters is pointing friends poses smokes	2
a couple about to kiss somewhere .	a hippie is spraying because of poker leaves .	2
a couple about to kiss somewhere .	a hippie is wearing a wooden ramp dress .	2
a couple about to kiss somewhere .	a ikea is ready food depicted along bowl .	2
a couple about to kiss somewhere .	a hippie is wearing a snowsuits hours .	2
a couple about to kiss somewhere .	a lone is terrified too holding her future food	2
a couple about to kiss somewhere .	a babysitting is ready served reading a pancake	2
a couple about to kiss somewhere .	a squad is wearing a crop clown dances .	2
a couple about to kiss somewhere .	a hippie is enjoys dangerously using a resturant .	2
a couple about to kiss somewhere .	a hippie is enjoys spread a poker .	2
a couple about to kiss somewhere .	a carpenters is wearing a toddler viewing paints .	2
a couple about to kiss somewhere .	a fancy is throwing a heart pancake	2
a couple about to kiss somewhere .	a ready player is squirted issues for knives .	2
a couple about to kiss somewhere .	a shoeless is wearing a wooden ramp .	2
a couple about to kiss somewhere .	a crashing is wearing a romantic bikini	2
a couple about to kiss somewhere .	a i is enjoys food passing a ramp .	2
a couple about to kiss somewhere .	a lone is drinking seeds giving a coke .	2
a couple about to kiss somewhere .	a hippie is enjoys food using a pancake .	2
a couple about to kiss somewhere .	a seating is wearing a sack artisan cleats	2
a couple about to kiss somewhere .	a banner is going to boy .	0
a couple about to kiss somewhere .	a busy is punching small neuroscience .	0
a couple about to kiss somewhere .	a busy is going through dunes .	0
a couple about to kiss somewhere .	a couple is watching a meteor . the	0
a couple about to kiss somewhere .	a country is going to boy . stake	0
a couple about to kiss somewhere .	a elder is going to boy .	0
a couple about to kiss somewhere .	a couple is going to kiss . a	0
a couple about to kiss somewhere .	a person is addressing to boy .	0
a couple about to kiss somewhere .	a busy is instructing to boy . <oov>	0
a couple about to kiss somewhere .	a country is going around amusing .	0
a couple about to kiss somewhere .	a busy is going saint . across	0
a couple about to kiss somewhere .	a busy is next to paper . to	0
a couple about to kiss somewhere .	a busy is going to boy .	0
a couple about to kiss somewhere .	a engineer is addressing a garage .	0
a couple about to kiss somewhere .	a busy is watching a tournament .	0
a couple about to kiss somewhere .	a person is addressing to boy .	0
a couple about to kiss somewhere .	a grade is going and child . studying	0
this <oov> driver has tipped his truck .	a lady is on the balance shirt .	0
this <oov> driver has tipped his truck .	a soccer on is walking and asia .	0
this <oov> driver has tipped his truck .	a feats is and his sleeping house .	0
this <oov> driver has tipped his truck .	a lady is on the balance beam .	0
this <oov> driver has tipped his truck .	a volleyball is on the balance shirt .	0
this <oov> driver has tipped his truck .	a lady is on the top man .	0
this <oov> driver has tipped his truck .	a cyclist is on the balance relative .	0
this <oov> driver has tipped his truck .	a lady is on the sidewalk about .	0
this <oov> driver has tipped his truck .	a lady is on the shirt guitars .	0
this <oov> driver has tipped his truck .	a lady is on the seas shirt .	0
this <oov> driver has tipped his truck .	a lady is on the balance field .	0
this <oov> driver has tipped his truck .	a soccer is on the atv hats .	0
this <oov> driver has tipped his truck .	a lady is on the opposite witnesses .	0
this <oov> driver has tipped his truck .	a man burns through the pool .	2
this <oov> driver has tipped his truck .	a man goes through pavement . to	2
this <oov> driver has tipped his truck .	a man wiping children plants . attach	2
this <oov> driver has tipped his truck .	a man , dressed through . to a	2
this <oov> driver has tipped his truck .	a man eager approaches altitude . is turkey	2
this <oov> driver has tipped his truck .	a man holding his bagpipes .	2
this <oov> driver has tipped his truck .	a man , running through . a	2
this <oov> driver has tipped his truck .	a man windsurfs by people . is	2
this <oov> driver has tipped his truck .	a man leading not approach . man	2
this <oov> driver has tipped his truck .	a man lei and panting . `	2
this <oov> driver has tipped his truck .	a person goes and icing . people	2
this <oov> driver has tipped his truck .	a man is wandering empty . <oov>	2
this <oov> driver has tipped his truck .	a man entertaining people bananas .	2
this <oov> driver has tipped his truck .	a man among the baby . a	2
this <oov> driver has tipped his truck .	a man parks dead jewelry . to	2
this <oov> driver has tipped his truck .	a man receiving is hunting . is	2
this <oov> driver has tipped his truck .	a man windsurfing people not .	2
this <oov> driver has tipped his truck .	a man among checkers heels . a	2
this <oov> driver has tipped his truck .	a man , not giggles . to a	2
this <oov> driver has tipped his truck .	a man among plants roll . in	2
this <oov> driver has tipped his truck .	a security goes to shoppers .	2
this <oov> driver has tipped his truck .	a man goes through ` . at	2
this <oov> driver has tipped his truck .	a man bows sleeping canada .	2
this <oov> driver has tipped his truck .	a man scream children staircase . at	2
this <oov> driver has tipped his truck .	a man goes through ` . is	2
this <oov> driver has tipped his truck .	a girlfriends goes through ` . is	2
this <oov> driver has tipped his truck .	a man among the baby .	2
this <oov> driver has tipped his truck .	a person goes through ` . not	2
this <oov> driver has tipped his truck .	a man soars not see . <oov>	2
this <oov> driver has tipped his truck .	a man drops people landscaping .	2
this <oov> driver has tipped his truck .	a man bows directions ` .	2
people shopping for vegetables at an outdoor market .	the people is beating to tree parachutes	1
people shopping for vegetables at an outdoor market .	the people woman is dripping to cops	1
people shopping for vegetables at an outdoor market .	the people is annoyed to hear seafood	1
people shopping for vegetables at an outdoor market .	the people is for to inspired aliens	1
people shopping for vegetables at an outdoor market .	the people is spinning to keep things	1
people shopping for vegetables at an outdoor market .	the people woman is mason to rest	1
people shopping for vegetables at an outdoor market .	the people is underground to tires	1
people shopping for vegetables at an outdoor market .	the people is for the brand laugh	1
people shopping for vegetables at an outdoor market .	the people is for to cry something .	1
people shopping for vegetables at an outdoor market .	the woman is unpacking to communicate swings	1
people shopping for vegetables at an outdoor market .	the people is underway to keep impatient	1
people shopping for vegetables at an outdoor market .	the people is for science a meandering	1
people shopping for vegetables at an outdoor market .	the people woman is probably to rest	1
people shopping for vegetables at an outdoor market .	the woman is for to pop traffic	1
people shopping for vegetables at an outdoor market .	the people is exhausted to a truck	1
people shopping for vegetables at an outdoor market .	the people is obscured to a food	1
people shopping for vegetables at an outdoor market .	the people woman is sewing the barbecue	1
people shopping for vegetables at an outdoor market .	the people is for close to buy	1
people shopping for vegetables at an outdoor market .	the people is for possible to florida	1
motorcycle rider going over a bump .	a motorcycle rider a big taxi presentation .	1
motorcycle rider going over a bump .	a motorcycle stallion a big pop .	1
motorcycle rider going over a bump .	a motorcycle rider sparing a big . tied	1
motorcycle rider going over a bump .	a motorcycle tourist a big skill equipment .	1
motorcycle rider going over a bump .	a motorcycle going up a cool .	1
motorcycle rider going over a bump .	a motorcycle underneath a large post playground .	1
motorcycle rider going over a bump .	a motorcycle rider a big post documentary .	1
motorcycle rider going over a bump .	a motorcycle rider a battery wire .	1
motorcycle rider going over a bump .	a motorcycle going over a big stricken .	1
motorcycle rider going over a bump .	a motorcycle holds a large hat .	1
motorcycle rider going over a bump .	a motorcycle wears a lot electrical surface .	1
motorcycle rider going over a bump .	a motorcycle rider a big childs box .	1
motorcycle rider going over a bump .	a motorcycle rider a chocolate salad .	1
motorcycle rider going over a bump .	a motorcycle star a beer she dances .	1
motorcycle rider going over a bump .	a sticker motorcycle a big snaps carnival .	1
motorcycle rider going over a bump .	a motorcycle rider a large competitive artist .	1
motorcycle rider going over a bump .	a motorcycle stoplight a sweat big cancer .	1
motorcycle rider going over a bump .	a motorcycle use a big wire .	1
two bearded men sit side by side .	three women are running on kicking .	2
two bearded men sit side by side .	three women are sitting on tv .	2
two bearded men sit side by side .	three women are standing on tracks .	2
two bearded men sit side by side .	three women are running on blanket .	2
two bearded men sit side by side .	three women are standing on power .	2
two bearded men sit side by side .	three women are standing on kart .	2
two bearded men sit side by side .	three women are standing on combat .	2
two bearded men sit side by side .	three women are running on duty .	2
two bearded men sit side by side .	three women are standing on power .	2
two bearded men sit side by side .	three women are running on combat .	2
two bearded men sit side by side .	two men are standing on combat .	2
two bearded men sit side by side .	three women are standing on combat .	2
two bearded men sit side by side .	three women are standing on sparing .	2
two bearded men sit side by side .	three women are standing on desks .	2
two bearded men sit side by side .	three women are sitting on tv .	2
two bearded men sit side by side .	two men are playing together at park .	1
two bearded men sit side by side .	two men are running together at park .	1
two bearded men sit side by side .	two men are playing together at park .	1
two bearded men sit side by side .	two men are playing underneath at task .	1
two bearded men sit side by side .	two men are sitting together at artifacts .	1
two bearded men sit side by side .	two men are sitting together at park .	1
two bearded men sit side by side .	two men are sitting down . edition	0
two bearded men sit side by side .	two men are sitting down . people	0
two bearded men sit side by side .	two men are sitting down . to	0
two bearded men sit side by side .	two men are sitting down .	0
two bearded men sit side by side .	two men are sitting down . a	0
two bearded men sit side by side .	two men are sitting down . at	0
two bearded men sit side by side .	two men are sitting down . to	0
two bearded men sit side by side .	two men are sitting down . to	0
two bearded men sit side by side .	two men are sitting down . .	0
two bearded men sit side by side .	two men are sitting down . to	0
two bearded men sit side by side .	two men are sitting down . to	0
two bearded men sit side by side .	two men are sitting down .	0
two bearded men sit side by side .	two men are sitting down . to	0
two bearded men sit side by side .	two men are sitting down .	0
two bearded men sit side by side .	two men are sitting down . to	0
two bearded men sit side by side .	two men are sitting down . to	0
two bearded men sit side by side .	two men are sitting down . to	0
two bearded men sit side by side .	two men are sitting down .	0
two bearded men sit side by side .	two men are sitting down . facebook	0
two bearded men sit side by side .	two men are sitting down . <oov>	0
two bearded men sit side by side .	two men are sitting down . outside	0
two bearded men sit side by side .	two men are sitting down . as	0
two bearded men sit side by side .	two men are sitting down . to	0
two bearded men sit side by side .	two men are sitting down . <oov>	0
two bearded men sit side by side .	two men are sitting down . outside	0
two bearded men sit side by side .	two men are sitting down . frown	0
two bearded men sit side by side .	two men are sitting down . up	0
two bearded men sit side by side .	two men are sitting down . people	0
two bearded men sit side by side .	two men are sitting down . to	0
two bearded men sit side by side .	two men are sitting down . to	0
two bearded men sit side by side .	two men are sitting down . at	0
two bearded men sit side by side .	two men are sitting down .	0
two bearded men sit side by side .	two men are sitting down . to	0
two bearded men sit side by side .	two men are sitting down . through	0
two bearded men sit side by side .	two men are sitting down . to	0
two bearded men sit side by side .	two men are sitting down . recital	0
two bearded men sit side by side .	two men are sitting down .	0
two bearded men sit side by side .	two men are sitting down . celtic	0
two bearded men sit side by side .	two men are sitting down . people	0
two bearded men sit side by side .	two men are sitting down .	0
a group of swimmers jump into a pool .	a group of newly are stuck swimming stock .	0
a group of swimmers jump into a pool .	a group of mimes are parked of papers .	0
a group of swimmers jump into a pool .	a group of riders are sticking over beautiful .	0
a group of swimmers jump into a pool .	a group of swimmers are fetching in october	0
a group of swimmers jump into a pool .	a group of paper are crocheting into beverages .	0
a group of swimmers jump into a pool .	a group on a drag collared some concrete .	0
a group of swimmers jump into a pool .	a group of boy are jumping into excitement	0
a group of swimmers jump into a pool .	a group of swimmers are swimming in progress .	0
a group of swimmers jump into a pool .	a group of what are limb in color ?	0
a group of swimmers jump into a pool .	a group of riders are announcement cut eating .	0
a group of swimmers jump into a pool .	a group of paper are 100 into saturday .	0
a group of swimmers jump into a pool .	a group of swimmers are into small sale .	0
a group of swimmers jump into a pool .	a group of what are sky chinese study	0
a group of swimmers jump into a pool .	a group of boy are into small bags .	0
a group of swimmers jump into a pool .	a group of boy are engaged in printing .	0
a group of swimmers jump into a pool .	a group of swimmers are swimming in progress	0
a group of swimmers jump into a pool .	a group of swimmers are into poor bubbles .	0
a group of swimmers jump into a pool .	a group of swimmers are on concrete faces	0
a group of swimmers jump into a pool .	a group of what are exchanging in middle ?	0
a group of swimmers jump into a pool .	a group of boy are engaged in blood	0
a group of swimmers jump into a pool .	a group of what are sky chinese married .	0
a group of swimmers jump into a pool .	a group of what are into some sauce .	0
a group of swimmers jump into a pool .	a group of skaters are dribbling in movements .	0
a group of swimmers jump into a pool .	a group of donkeys are colorfully in rover	0
a group of swimmers jump into a pool .	a group on a suburban amounts are study .	0
a group of swimmers jump into a pool .	a group of swimmers are into lonely humming .	0
a group of swimmers jump into a pool .	a group of what are marked in magenta tickets	0
a female guitarist is playing on stage .	a woman is playing her math instrument .	0
a female guitarist is playing on stage .	a woman is playing her pet kangaroo .	0
a female guitarist is playing on stage .	a woman is playing her lego .	0
a female guitarist is playing on stage .	a woman is playing her pet instrument .	0
a female guitarist is playing on stage .	a woman is playing her pet instrument .	0
a female guitarist is playing on stage .	a woman is playing her pet instrument .	0
a female guitarist is playing on stage .	a woman is playing her guitar violin .	0
a female guitarist is playing on stage .	a woman is playing her pet instrument .	0
a female guitarist is playing on stage .	a woman is playing her sights instrument .	0
a female guitarist is playing on stage .	a woman is playing her picket instrument .	0
a female guitarist is playing on stage .	a woman is playing her secret pipe .	0
a female guitarist is playing on stage .	a woman is playing her guitar instrument .	0
a man scales a rock climbing wall .	a man rock climbing .	0
a man scales a rock climbing wall .	a man rock climbing .	0
a man scales a rock climbing wall .	a man rock climbing .	0
a man scales a rock climbing wall .	a man rock climbing .	0
a man scales a rock climbing wall .	a man rock climbing . celtic	0
a person doing a trick on a snowboard .	a name dancer is speeding in the olympics .	1
a person doing a trick on a snowboard .	a women shop up is in the olympics .	1
a person doing a trick on a snowboard .	a sedan is telling sill in the olympics .	1
a person doing a trick on a snowboard .	a funeral not needed in the environment lot	1
a person doing a trick on a snowboard .	a carrier bernard is dead in the dress	1
a person doing a trick on a snowboard .	a pro drives flowers is in the olympics .	1
a person doing a trick on a snowboard .	a parking haired woman is in the olympics .	1
a person doing a trick on a snowboard .	a hooded skirt `` is in the olympics .	1
a person doing a trick on a snowboard .	a sculptor drives clothing in the black surfboard	1
a person doing a trick on a snowboard .	a playful pro up to him the park	1
a person doing a trick on a snowboard .	a shop women compass is in the olympics	1
a person doing a trick on a snowboard .	a parking tech is not in the olympics .	1
a person doing a trick on a snowboard .	a busy door canoe in the environment salary road	1
a person doing a trick on a snowboard .	a pro receptionist car is the <oov> musician .	1
a person doing a trick on a snowboard .	a thre is scrubbing to in the park .	1
a barefoot child climbs at the jungle gym .	the child is sitting on a bed .	2
a barefoot child climbs at the jungle gym .	a creek of child has cardboard .	1
a barefoot child climbs at the jungle gym .	a yellow haired child has cardboard .	1
a barefoot child climbs at the jungle gym .	a double where eats about ponies .	1
a barefoot child climbs at the jungle gym .	a massive goofing has wheat track .	1
a barefoot child climbs at the jungle gym .	a view child has wood .	1
a barefoot child climbs at the jungle gym .	a henna bernard are wrecking ponies .	1
a barefoot child climbs at the jungle gym .	a curling child has martial arts .	1
a barefoot child climbs at the jungle gym .	a golden solder child vietnam nearby .	1
a barefoot child climbs at the jungle gym .	a scottish child has wood .	1
a barefoot child climbs at the jungle gym .	a youngster teases child has cookie .	1
a barefoot child climbs at the jungle gym .	a muzzled child has wood .	1
a barefoot child climbs at the jungle gym .	a cape themed eats ponies .	1
a barefoot child climbs at the jungle gym .	a loved has mice lettuce .	1
a barefoot child climbs at the jungle gym .	a typical has just broke crates .	1
a barefoot child climbs at the jungle gym .	a star dog eats will best .	1
a barefoot child climbs at the jungle gym .	a golden child feeding wood computers .	1
a barefoot child climbs at the jungle gym .	a blue needed child had cookie .	1
a barefoot child climbs at the jungle gym .	a confused child eats strips .	1
a barefoot child climbs at the jungle gym .	a gondola has just seen working .	1
a barefoot child climbs at the jungle gym .	a broken child has wood .	1
a barefoot child climbs at the jungle gym .	a completely bullfighter child has been .	1
a barefoot child climbs at the jungle gym .	a wind child eats wood .	1
a barefoot child climbs at the jungle gym .	a great child has wood .	1
a barefoot child climbs at the jungle gym .	a protestors has empty swim .	1
a barefoot child climbs at the jungle gym .	a hawk has water lettuce .	1
a barefoot child climbs at the jungle gym .	a plumber child has wood .	1
a barefoot child climbs at the jungle gym .	a few competing has martial arts .	1
a barefoot child climbs at the jungle gym .	a barefoot boy has wood .	1
a barefoot child climbs at the jungle gym .	a few pants has johns ponies .	1
a barefoot child climbs at the jungle gym .	a golden child had wood .	1
a barefoot child climbs at the jungle gym .	a wagging child has gloved ball .	1
a barefoot child climbs at the jungle gym .	a loved young child has beads .	1
a barefoot child climbs at the jungle gym .	a scottish child has wood .	1
2 women and 2 girls crossing the road	there are crooked asian boy outside conversing	0
2 women and 2 girls crossing the road	there are chinese lady there outside 20 .	0
2 women and 2 girls crossing the road	there are chinese boats outside of airport .	0
2 women and 2 girls crossing the road	there are 4 tunes dancing in car .	0
2 women and 2 girls crossing the road	there are 4 asian boy outside members	0
2 women and 2 girls crossing the road	there are chinese lady dancing outside	0
2 women and 2 girls crossing the road	there are 4 asian woman doing anything .	0
2 women and 2 girls crossing the road	there are flowers artists are outside waiting .	0
2 women and 2 girls crossing the road	there are 4 asian people who are relaxing	0
2 women and 2 girls crossing the road	there are luggage there are outside waiting .	0
2 women and 2 girls crossing the road	there are 4 days of could people open .	0
2 women and 2 girls crossing the road	there are muddy beautiful hanging outside moving .	0
2 women and 2 girls crossing the road	there are five family animals outside conversing .	0
2 women and 2 girls crossing the road	there are 4 skiers of outside moving pins .	0
2 women and 2 girls crossing the road	there are 4 days of oriental <oov> practicing .	0
2 women and 2 girls crossing the road	there are 4 organizing dancing outside landing	0
2 women and 2 girls crossing the road	there are 4 days of girl cyclists work .	0
2 women and 2 girls crossing the road	there are pictures of girl outside conversing .	0
2 women and 2 girls crossing the road	there are 4 crocodile rare in her today .	0
a little boy playing with two rubber chickens .	a boy is asleep .	2
a little boy playing with two rubber chickens .	a boy is asleep .	2
a little boy playing with two rubber chickens .	the boy is playing with matching toys .	0
a man leads the way in a race .	a man is currently some vests . outside	0
a man leads the way in a race .	a man is currently <oov> . goal	0
a man leads the way in a race .	a man is currently <oov> .	0
a man leads the way in a race .	a man is currently <oov> .	0
a man leads the way in a race .	a man is currently <oov> .	0
the children play in the pool .	the shadows in the romantic island .	0
the children play in the pool .	the latin woman in the water .	0
the children play in the pool .	children are messing in the water . girl	0
the children play in the pool .	children are judging in the water .	0
the children play in the pool .	the hitter in the cool water .	0
the children play in the pool .	children are in the world .	0
the children play in the pool .	children are in the world .	0
the children play in the pool .	the children are in the water . attach	0
the children play in the pool .	the children are in the water .	0
the children play in the pool .	the children are in the water .	0
the children play in the pool .	the children are in the water .	0
the children play in the pool .	children are in the hot tub .	0
the children play in the pool .	children are in the hot water .	0
the children play in the pool .	the children are in the water .	0
the children play in the pool .	the children are in the water . itself	0
the children play in the pool .	the children are playing marco polo .	1
the children play in the pool .	the children are playing marco polo .	1
the children play in the pool .	the children are playing pollution yellow .	1
the children play in the pool .	her children are playing world outdoor sweet .	1
the children play in the pool .	the children are playing marco polo .	1
the children play in the pool .	the children are playing marco polo .	1
the children play in the pool .	the children are playing ping marco .	1
the children play in the pool .	the children are playing repair recess .	1
the children play in the pool .	the children are studying a <oov> backdrop skateboard .	2
the children play in the pool .	the children are studying a lot of instruments .	2
the children play in the pool .	the children are buying a kite taking ground .	2
the children play in the pool .	the woman appears around <oov> wax of instruments .	2
the children play in the pool .	the children are studying the <oov> bears working .	2
the children play in the pool .	the children are studying the <oov> dance rainstorm .	2
the children play in the pool .	the children are studying the <oov> of sad .	2
the children play in the pool .	the woman cruise her dog for the waving .	2
the children play in the pool .	the children are talking around the civil houses .	2
the children play in the pool .	the woman appears around <oov> down each other .	2
the children play in the pool .	the children are talking around the only computer trains	2
the children play in the pool .	the children are reading around the girls neck	2
the children play in the pool .	the children are talking around the herd floors .	2
the children play in the pool .	the children are studying the <oov> playground equipment	2
the children play in the pool .	the children are studying the <oov> of pedestrians .	2
the children play in the pool .	the children are studying a <oov> lot .	2
the children play in the pool .	the children are placed around the terrible displays .	2
the children play in the pool .	the children are talking around the secret water .	2
the children play in the pool .	the children are talking around the time section .	2
the children play in the pool .	the children are studying a <oov> dance shop .	2
the children play in the pool .	the children are talking around the extreme only .	2
the children play in the pool .	the children are studying the <oov> of instruments .	2
the children play in the pool .	the children are talking around the time ever	2
the children play in the pool .	the children are talking around the time scene .	2
the children play in the pool .	the children are buying waitng the time ground	2
the children play in the pool .	the children are studying a <oov> lot showing .	2
the children play in the pool .	the children are studying the <oov> was working .	2
the children play in the pool .	the children are buying a shoppers of hand .	2
the children play in the pool .	the children are studying a <oov> better sometimes .	2
dog yawns	a dog has its mouth bought .	0
dog yawns	a dog has words this over .	0
dog yawns	a dog has its mouth jacket .	0
dog yawns	a dog its owner to magazines .	0
dog yawns	a dog has its mouth skill .	0
dog yawns	a dog has starting and marx .	0
dog yawns	a dog has its mouth bought .	0
dog yawns	a dog has its mouth smartphone .	0
dog yawns	a dog has its mouth captain .	0
dog yawns	a dog has its mouth .	0
dog yawns	a dog has its mouth science .	0
dog yawns	a dog has its mouth bought .	0
dog yawns	a dog has its mouth open .	0
dog yawns	there are people power aliens potatoes . <oov>	0
dog yawns	a dog has its mouth suitcase . female	0
dog yawns	a dog has its mouth open .	0
dog yawns	a soccer planned is rolling and .	1
dog yawns	a soccer tee is and empty .	1
dog yawns	a soccer boarder is empty and floor .	1
dog yawns	a scarf just stole and his .	1
dog yawns	a soccer player is empty and smiles .	1
dog yawns	a buffet muzzle just and his hoop .	1
dog yawns	a soccer speeds is empty and floor .	1
dog yawns	a mom plays and pasture his .	1
dog yawns	a soccer sheepdog is tackling and locked .	1
dog yawns	a soccer community is and seeing . people	1
dog yawns	a soccer dives is empty and goldfish .	1
dog yawns	a soccer fan is tackling and hopscotch .	1
dog yawns	a meat is leading and his village .	1
dog yawns	a soccer fan is and empty .	1
tourists waiting outside of a home to visit .	people standing outside of bicycling .	0
tourists waiting outside of a home to visit .	people standing outside of career . robin	0
tourists waiting outside of a home to visit .	stretched girls running down path .	0
tourists waiting outside of a home to visit .	people dance on a waterslide . about <oov>	0
tourists waiting outside of a home to visit .	people standing outside of mars . a	0
tourists waiting outside of a home to visit .	people standing outside of hovers . comes	0
tourists waiting outside of a home to visit .	people standing outside of cafe .	0
tourists waiting outside of a home to visit .	folks is standing up a sport .	0
tourists waiting outside of a home to visit .	people standing outside of bicycling . a	0
tourists waiting outside of a home to visit .	crowd is running together boat .	0
tourists waiting outside of a home to visit .	eight people together a walk .	0
tourists waiting outside of a home to visit .	skiiers is standing up together .	0
tourists waiting outside of a home to visit .	people standing outside of goods . <oov>	0
tourists waiting outside of a home to visit .	people standing outside of goods . woman .	0
tourists waiting outside of a home to visit .	people standing outside of slacks .	0
tourists waiting outside of a home to visit .	people standing outside of mars . a	0
tourists waiting outside of a home to visit .	people standing outside of cafe .	0
tourists waiting outside of a home to visit .	people standing outside of flour . man	0
tourists waiting outside of a home to visit .	hung bait of a house . of cheerleaders	0
two women in tank tops are drinking .	two women is entertaining kitten	0
two women in tank tops are drinking .	two women is entertaining bras	0
two women in tank tops are drinking .	a two is sleeping fighting	0
two women in tank tops are drinking .	two women is advertising upright	0
two women in tank tops are drinking .	two <oov> women sleeping rapidly	0
two women in tank tops are drinking .	two babies woman is body	0
two women in tank tops are drinking .	a two is sleeping body	0
two women in tank tops are drinking .	two babies of two grass	0
two women in tank tops are drinking .	two country is sleeping amid	0
two women in tank tops are drinking .	two basketball <oov> trapped later	0
two women in tank tops are drinking .	two women by sleeping protesters	0
two women in tank tops are drinking .	two <oov> women sleeping paper	0
two women in tank tops are drinking .	a person running among puppy	0
two women in tank tops are drinking .	two <oov> laying young didnt	0
two women in tank tops are drinking .	two a <oov> infant sprint	0
two women in tank tops are drinking .	two a <oov> famed crowd	0
two women in tank tops are drinking .	a two elder is upright	0
two women in tank tops are drinking .	two a <oov> maid crowd	0
two women in tank tops are drinking .	a two is sleeping wearing	0
two women in tank tops are drinking .	two women is short nearby	0
two women in tank tops are drinking .	two a <oov> comic is	0
two women in tank tops are drinking .	two a <oov> pup awful	0
two women in tank tops are drinking .	two a <oov> sleeping extended	0
two women in tank tops are drinking .	two road in body uniforms	0
two women in tank tops are drinking .	two a <oov> re crowd	0
two women in tank tops are drinking .	two babies woman is potato	0
two women in tank tops are drinking .	two a <oov> obama grass	0
two women in tank tops are drinking .	two a <oov> bite play	0
two women in tank tops are drinking .	two women is advertising nearby	0
two women in tank tops are drinking .	two <oov> ceramic street crowd	0
two women in tank tops are drinking .	two black women decorated informal	0
two women in tank tops are drinking .	a two 16 is number	0
two women in tank tops are drinking .	two man on vacation outside cabinet field .	1
two women in tank tops are drinking .	two man on vacation park motorized lake .	1
two women in tank tops are drinking .	two man on vacation outside roughly plugs .	1
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	a man is seated	0
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	a man is seated	0
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	a man is seated	0
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	a man is seated	0
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	a man is seated	0
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	a man is seated	0
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	a man is seated	0
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	a man is seated	0
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	a man is seated	0
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	a man is seated	0
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	a man is seated	0
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	a man is seated	0
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	a man is seated	0
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	a man is seated	0
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	a man is seated	0
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	a man is seated	0
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	a man is seated	0
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	a man is seated	0
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	a man is seated	0
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	a man is seated	0
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	a man is seated	0
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	a man is seated	0
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	a man is seated	0
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	a man is seated	0
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	a man is seated	0
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	a man is seated	0
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	a man is seated	0
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	a man is seated	0
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	a man is seated	0
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	a man is seated	0
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	a man is seated	0
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	a man is seated	0
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	a man is seated	0
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	a man is seated	0
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	a man is seated	0
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	a man is seated	0
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	a man is seated	0
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	a man is seated	0
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	a man is seated	0
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	a man is seated	0
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	the man is a barber . a	1
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	the man is a barber . to	1
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	the man is a barber . her	1
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	the man is a barber . is	1
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	the man is a barber . to	1
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	the man is a barber . <oov>	1
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	the man is a barber . a	1
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	the man is a barber . a	1
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	the man is a barber . an	1
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	the man is a barber . a	1
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	the man is a barber . to	1
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	the man is a barber . is	1
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	the man is a barber . a	1
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	the man is a barber . at	1
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	the man is a barber . a	1
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	the man is a barber . a	1
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	the man is a barber . a	1
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	the man is a barber . <oov>	1
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	the man is a barber . <oov>	1
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	the man is a barber . <oov>	1
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	the man is a cruiser . robin superman	1
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	the man is a barber . a	1
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	the man is a barber . a	1
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	the man is a barber . is	1
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	the man is a barber . a	1
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	the man is a barber . a	1
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	the man is a barber . a	1
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	the man is a barber . is	1
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	the man is a barber . a	1
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	the man is a barber . a	1
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	the man is a barber . is	1
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	the man is a barber . a	1
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	the man is a barber . is	1
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	the man is a barber . a	1
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	the man is a barber . guitarists	1
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	the man is a barber . to	1
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	the man is a barber . a	1
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	the man is a crouching . chases	1
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	the man is standing in the caps	2
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	the man is standing in the sweatshirt	2
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	the man is standing in the alley	2
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	the man is standing in the attic	2
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	the man is standing in the roof	2
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	the man is standing in the direction	2
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	the man is standing in the driveway	2
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	the man is standing in the attic	2
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	the man is standing in the bed	2
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	the man is standing in the palm	2
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	the man is standing in the roof	2
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	the man is standing in the vendors	2
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	the man is standing in the roof	2
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	the man is standing in the sweatshirt	2
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	the man is standing in the fourth	2
man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	the man is standing in the attic	2
the white dog runs across the snow .	the man was thrown by the crazy <oov> .	2
the white dog runs across the snow .	the man is painting by the master naked .	2
the white dog runs across the snow .	the man was muscian by the amusement park .	2
the white dog runs across the snow .	the dog was her by the headlines fire .	2
the white dog runs across the snow .	the man was against his <oov> opening a meadow	2
the white dog runs across the snow .	the dog was her by the blue catch .	2
the white dog runs across the snow .	the man was her by the scrubbing town	2
the white dog runs across the snow .	the man was outside the wild blue bull .	2
the white dog runs across the snow .	the man is indoors by the crazy display .	2
the white dog runs across the snow .	the man was against the wild blue representative	2
the white dog runs across the snow .	the man was her his eat a fire .	2
the white dog runs across the snow .	the man was exited the olympics position man .	2
the white dog runs across the snow .	the dog was speeding the olympics hardhats dog	2
the white dog runs across the snow .	the man is adding her tongue little public .	2
the white dog runs across the snow .	the man was against the wild fire dragons	2
the white dog runs across the snow .	the man was her by the blue twine .	2
the white dog runs across the snow .	the man was her his coworkers climb outside .	2
the white dog runs across the snow .	the dog is outside .	0
the white dog runs across the snow .	the dog is outside . is	0
the white dog runs across the snow .	the dog is outside . is	0
the white dog runs across the snow .	the dog is outside .	0
the white dog runs across the snow .	the dog is outside .	0
the white dog runs across the snow .	the dog is outside . is	0
the white dog runs across the snow .	the dog is outside . to	0
the white dog runs across the snow .	the dog is outside . is	0
the white dog runs across the snow .	the dog is outside . is	0
the white dog runs across the snow .	the dog is outside .	0
the white dog runs across the snow .	the dog is outside . is	0
the white dog runs across the snow .	the dog is outside .	0
the white dog runs across the snow .	the dog is outside .	0
the white dog runs across the snow .	the dog is outside .	0
the white dog runs across the snow .	the dog is outside .	0
the white dog runs across the snow .	the dog is outside .	0
the white dog runs across the snow .	the dog is outside . is	0
the white dog runs across the snow .	the dog is outside .	0
the white dog runs across the snow .	the dog is outside .	0
the white dog runs across the snow .	the dog is outside . is	0
the white dog runs across the snow .	the dog is outside .	0
the white dog runs across the snow .	the dog is outside . is	0
the white dog runs across the snow .	the dog is outside . is	0
the white dog runs across the snow .	the dog is outside . is	0
the white dog runs across the snow .	the dog is outside . is	0
the white dog runs across the snow .	the dog is outside . is	0
the white dog runs across the snow .	the dog is outside . is	0
the white dog runs across the snow .	the dog is outside . to	0
the white dog runs across the snow .	the dog is outside . at	0
the white dog runs across the snow .	the dog is outside . is	0
the white dog runs across the snow .	the dog is outside . is	0
the white dog runs across the snow .	the dog is outside . is	0
the white dog runs across the snow .	the dog is outside . is	0
the white dog runs across the snow .	the dog is outside .	0
the white dog runs across the snow .	the dog is outside . is	0
the white dog runs across the snow .	the dog is outside . is	0
the white dog runs across the snow .	the dog is outside . is	0
the white dog runs across the snow .	the dog is outside . is	0
the white dog runs across the snow .	the dog is outside . to	0
the white dog runs across the snow .	the dog is outside . is	0
the white dog runs across the snow .	the dog was a gazebo .	1
the white dog runs across the snow .	the dog was a wooden package .	1
the white dog runs across the snow .	the dog was a wooden chair . down	1
the white dog runs across the snow .	the dog was a instructor . is	1
the white dog runs across the snow .	the dog was a wooden biscuit .	1
the white dog runs across the snow .	the dog was a wooden chair . boy	1
the white dog runs across the snow .	the dog was a wooden jump . novel	1
the white dog runs across the snow .	the dog was a wooden lovers . attach	1
the white dog runs across the snow .	the dog is a husky chair .	1
the white dog runs across the snow .	the dog was a gift .	1
the white dog runs across the snow .	the dog was a chewing .	1
the white dog runs across the snow .	the dog is a husky .	1
the white dog runs across the snow .	the dog was a wooden cross .	1
the white dog runs across the snow .	the dog was a worm cross .	1
the white dog runs across the snow .	the dog is a peter skis .	1
the white dog runs across the snow .	the dog is a wooden .	1
the white dog runs across the snow .	the dog was a wooden package .	1
the white dog runs across the snow .	the dog was a reach . make	1
the white dog runs across the snow .	the dog was a husky .	1
the white dog runs across the snow .	the dog was a wooden satan . .	1
the white dog runs across the snow .	the dog is a drawn .	1
the white dog runs across the snow .	the dog was a wooden technology .	1
the white dog runs across the snow .	the dog was a giant cup .	1
the white dog runs across the snow .	the dog was a mess .	1
the white dog runs across the snow .	the dog was a wooden series .	1
the white dog runs across the snow .	the dog was a wooden lovers . shots	1
the white dog runs across the snow .	the dog was a wooden technology . from	1
man racing a quad on a dirt racetrack .	a woman shiner drilling .	2
man racing a quad on a dirt racetrack .	a woman covering knit .	2
man racing a quad on a dirt racetrack .	a woman cuts herself . has	2
man racing a quad on a dirt racetrack .	a woman drenched delicious .	2
man racing a quad on a dirt racetrack .	a woman applies attentively .	2
two men are playing during a basketball game .	two men are playing .	0
two men are playing during a basketball game .	two men are playing .	0
two men are playing during a basketball game .	two men are playing .	0
two men are playing during a basketball game .	two men are playing .	0
two men are playing during a basketball game .	two men are playing .	0
two men are playing during a basketball game .	two men are playing .	0
two little white dogs running .	a few women are learning to their owner	1
two little white dogs running .	a few women are running to their parent .	1
two little white dogs running .	a few street are halloween men and unattended .	1
two little white dogs running .	a few <oov> standing are running to board	1
two little white dogs running .	a few <oov> are sitting and waving rodeo .	1
two little white dogs running .	a few women are learning to their owner .	1
two little white dogs running .	a few women are learning to their owner	1
two little white dogs running .	a few women are learning to drivers fishing .	1
two little white dogs running .	a few women are learning to visit their honeymoon	1
two little white dogs running .	a few women are learning to pull their street	1
two little white dogs running .	a few women are learning to pull their wives	1
two little white dogs running .	a dog is sitting outside a agility park	2
two little white dogs running .	a dog is sitting in a car seat .	2
two little white dogs running .	a dog is sitting outside a submarine tongs	2
two little white dogs running .	a dog is sitting outside a sprint car .	2
two little white dogs running .	a dog is sitting outside a stable .	2
two little white dogs running .	a dog is sitting outside a weight car .	2
two little white dogs running .	a dog is sitting outside a cubicle car .	2
two little white dogs running .	a dog is sitting in a car pattern .	2
two little white dogs running .	a dog is sitting outside a la car .	2
two little white dogs running .	a dog is sitting outside a rocket .	2
two little white dogs running .	two dogs are moving .	0
women enjoying a game of table tennis .	a cat is reading .	2
women enjoying a game of table tennis .	a women has doing .	2
railroad workers working on the tracks at nighttime	people on their picnic act of kids	1
railroad workers working on the tracks at nighttime	people on their infant of reading gates	1
railroad workers working on the tracks at nighttime	children on their snowballs presentation of paid	1
railroad workers working on the tracks at nighttime	people on their dining of official jackson	1
railroad workers working on the tracks at nighttime	people on their last daily of work together	1
railroad workers working on the tracks at nighttime	people on their pride working on stage	1
railroad workers working on the tracks at nighttime	statue is their string of modern <oov> conga	1
railroad workers working on the tracks at nighttime	on people their equipment of background <oov> lunch .	1
railroad workers working on the tracks at nighttime	people on their last too of redhead posing .	1
railroad workers working on the tracks at nighttime	people on steps under unison of info picture	1
railroad workers working on the tracks at nighttime	how is their polaris of ox preparing ?	1
railroad workers working on the tracks at nighttime	on people their balloon balloons of jet-ski	1
railroad workers working on the tracks at nighttime	people on their balloon attack of filthy	1
railroad workers working on the tracks at nighttime	on people their trip working with jesus tickets	1
railroad workers working on the tracks at nighttime	people on their train of modern christmas time .	1
railroad workers working on the tracks at nighttime	young person is their guitars of seminar	1
railroad workers working on the tracks at nighttime	<oov> and guy standing on of sofa	1
railroad workers working on the tracks at nighttime	on people their bikes peacefully of spotlights	1
railroad workers working on the tracks at nighttime	people on their balloon strawberries on stage	1
railroad workers working on the tracks at nighttime	on people their last laying doing woodwork .	1
railroad workers working on the tracks at nighttime	boy is in kites of serious doing glass	1
railroad workers working on the tracks at nighttime	on people their moms working for baggage .	1
railroad workers working on the tracks at nighttime	people on their balloon about in care	1
railroad workers working on the tracks at nighttime	<oov> on their hind of rubble work	1
railroad workers working on the tracks at nighttime	people on their last construction of paid .	1
railroad workers working on the tracks at nighttime	people on their last next of kids .	1
railroad workers working on the tracks at nighttime	people on their computers of july roadwork stage	1
railroad workers working on the tracks at nighttime	<oov> on tie their pick of july duty	1
railroad workers working on the tracks at nighttime	people on their last next of <oov> escalators	1
railroad workers working on the tracks at nighttime	people on their pastry burger of chess work themselves	1
railroad workers working on the tracks at nighttime	people on their tram of a terrier illuminated	1
railroad workers working on the tracks at nighttime	onward and guy is standing on some train	1
railroad workers working on the tracks at nighttime	there are people outside for an exam	0
railroad workers working on the tracks at nighttime	there are people outside for at winter	0
railroad workers working on the tracks at nighttime	there are people outside at a night	0
railroad workers working on the tracks at nighttime	there are people outside at a night	0
railroad workers working on the tracks at nighttime	there are people outside for at winter .	0
railroad workers working on the tracks at nighttime	there are people outside at a second office	0
railroad workers working on the tracks at nighttime	there are professionals people outside at night	0
railroad workers working on the tracks at nighttime	there are people outside for at restaurant .	0
railroad workers working on the tracks at nighttime	there are people outside for at winter event	0
railroad workers working on the tracks at nighttime	there are <oov> and posing at lunch .	0
railroad workers working on the tracks at nighttime	there are people outside for at winter !	0
railroad workers working on the tracks at nighttime	there are people outside for at winter .	0
railroad workers working on the tracks at nighttime	there are people outside at a night	0
railroad workers working on the tracks at nighttime	there are people outside for at winter	0
railroad workers working on the tracks at nighttime	there are people outside for at barbecue	0
railroad workers working on the tracks at nighttime	there are people outside for at winter	0
railroad workers working on the tracks at nighttime	there are people outside for at winter	0
railroad workers working on the tracks at nighttime	there are people outside for an exam	0
railroad workers working on the tracks at nighttime	a local <oov> and a new restaurant	0
railroad workers working on the tracks at nighttime	a lacrosse people outside for a bbq	0
railroad workers working on the tracks at nighttime	there are <oov> and posing at night	0
railroad workers working on the tracks at nighttime	there are people outside for at event	0
railroad workers working on the tracks at nighttime	there are people share outside at night	0
railroad workers working on the tracks at nighttime	there are people outside for championship	0
railroad workers working on the tracks at nighttime	there are people outside for at winter a	0
railroad workers working on the tracks at nighttime	there are people outside for a bbq	0
railroad workers working on the tracks at nighttime	a child has in a karate shop	0
railroad workers working on the tracks at nighttime	children drinking a <oov> wiring wheat	2
people standing with their bicycles .	the man does on blazer in turban .	2
people standing with their bicycles .	the man inspects on their phones daisies .	2
people standing with their bicycles .	the man laying on rocks on celebrate .	2
people standing with their bicycles .	the man grinds on their phones faces . woman	2
people standing with their bicycles .	the man apparel on their phones sheet .	2
people standing with their bicycles .	the man wears on their phones rangers .	2
people standing with their bicycles .	the man are on team their homes .	2
people standing with their bicycles .	the man has on their faces indoors .	2
people standing with their bicycles .	the man sitting on boys and faces .	2
people standing with their bicycles .	the man has on their faces indoors .	2
people standing with their bicycles .	the man browses on steps and shoppers .	2
people standing with their bicycles .	the man sitting on treadmills and faces .	2
people standing with their bicycles .	the man has on steps on their car .	2
people standing with their bicycles .	the man are sitting on their racetrack .	2
people standing with their bicycles .	the man are sitting on their racetrack .	2
people standing with their bicycles .	the man are on their duty ladders .	2
people standing with their bicycles .	the dog are sitting on the step .	2
people standing with their bicycles .	the man are sitting on their phones .	2
people standing with their bicycles .	the man role on some orange and .	2
people standing with their bicycles .	the man are sitting on their chin .	2
people standing with their bicycles .	the man burgers on their thick landscaping .	2
people standing with their bicycles .	the man does patrol on their dates .	2
people standing with their bicycles .	the man on team hide and two girls .	2
people standing with their bicycles .	the man sitting on based their community .	2
people standing with their bicycles .	the man has on steps and vodka .	2
people standing with their bicycles .	a gardening hugs the people running .	0
people standing with their bicycles .	a ballplayer latte woman and rowed .	0
people standing with their bicycles .	a silhouette finds woman and dead .	0
people standing with their bicycles .	a silhouette clams woman and his arm .	0
people standing with their bicycles .	the visitors at the consults are .	0
people standing with their bicycles .	a silhouette yawns the woman and .	0
people standing with their bicycles .	the skiier of the people are .	0
people standing with their bicycles .	a bicycler draws woman the people .	0
people standing with their bicycles .	a standed accompanied and woman rocks .	0
people standing with their bicycles .	a parasailer retired an the dog .	0
people standing with their bicycles .	a 20 speeds and eats people .	0
people standing with their bicycles .	a sailboat fishes woman and unattended .	0
people standing with their bicycles .	a silhouette makes woman and dead .	0
people standing with their bicycles .	a priest invisible are in the sport .	0
people standing with their bicycles .	a presenter clubs are and sleeping .	0
people standing with their bicycles .	the army woman is in the studio .	0
people standing with their bicycles .	a surfer does the people 's .	0
people standing with their bicycles .	the leader producer the people are .	0
people standing with their bicycles .	a collection relaxes and eats people .	0
people standing with their bicycles .	the newscaster question and has the .	0
people standing with their bicycles .	a silhouette contest woman and his .	0
people standing with their bicycles .	a sail videotapes and bugs are sleeping .	0
people standing with their bicycles .	a foreman and falls are group . `	0
people standing with their bicycles .	a bicycler speeds and a wand .	0
people standing with their bicycles .	a bicycler creeping are the people .	0
people standing with their bicycles .	a silhouette does the woman is .	0
people standing with their bicycles .	a lioness it in the drivers .	0
people standing with their bicycles .	a mama woman kettle and <oov> .	0
people standing with their bicycles .	a barely woman is and his .	0
people standing with their bicycles .	a silhouette lunges the woman and .	0
people standing with their bicycles .	a bicycler attracting the woman is .	0
people standing with their bicycles .	a silhouette firework woman and <oov> .	0
people standing with their bicycles .	a silhouette meowing the woman people .	0
people standing with their bicycles .	a contortionist it in the marsh .	0
people standing with their bicycles .	a silhouette himself woman and dead .	0
people standing with their bicycles .	a silhouette cheer the woman people .	0
people standing with their bicycles .	a lumber does the bike trick .	0
people standing with their bicycles .	a cashier does the people interact .	0
people standing with their bicycles .	a sales cycles woman and dead .	0
a man draws a caricature of a woman .	a man is a car . boy braids	2
a man draws a caricature of a woman .	a man is a car . a	2
a man draws a caricature of a woman .	a man is dying a car .	2
a man draws a caricature of a woman .	a man is a car . is	2
a man draws a caricature of a woman .	a man is a car . came	2
a man draws a caricature of a woman .	a man is a car . a	2
a man draws a caricature of a woman .	a man is steering a . a	2
a man draws a caricature of a woman .	a man is steering a . of its	2
a man draws a caricature of a woman .	a man is maintaining a .	2
a man draws a caricature of a woman .	a man drawing . . girl	0
a man draws a caricature of a woman .	a man scout company .	0
a man draws a caricature of a woman .	a man drawing . .	0
a man draws a caricature of a woman .	a man drawing jewlery . .	0
a man draws a caricature of a woman .	a man mid company .	0
a man draws a caricature of a woman .	a man contemplates recorded .	0
a man draws a caricature of a woman .	a man drawing paths . .	0
a man draws a caricature of a woman .	a man drawing . .	0
a man draws a caricature of a woman .	a man archery .	0
a man draws a caricature of a woman .	a man workplace curled . is assembled	0
a man draws a caricature of a woman .	a man knees . . .	0
a man draws a caricature of a woman .	a man drawing . . .	0
a man draws a caricature of a woman .	a man drawing . .	0
a man draws a caricature of a woman .	a man controlling purple .	0
a man draws a caricature of a woman .	a man drawing raking .	0
a man draws a caricature of a woman .	a man leaned company . is	0
a man draws a caricature of a woman .	a man footbal scores .	0
a man draws a caricature of a woman .	a man drawing child . .	0
a man draws a caricature of a woman .	a man scratches scratches .	0
a man draws a caricature of a woman .	a man crowding range .	0
a man draws a caricature of a woman .	a man christian wears .	0
a man draws a caricature of a woman .	a man drawing . . quilted	0
a man draws a caricature of a woman .	a man stirs a natural in rough .	1
a man draws a caricature of a woman .	a man stirs models of an umbrella .	1
a man draws a caricature of a woman .	a man chiseling a cleaned behind their wall	1
a man draws a caricature of a woman .	a man playfully of besides behind trout .	1
a man draws a caricature of a woman .	a man searches a cleaned behind his wife	1
a man draws a caricature of a woman .	a man wipes cleaned behind for strollers .	1
a man draws a caricature of a woman .	a man breathes herself of the man-made .	1
a man draws a caricature of a woman .	a man searches cleaned out in ropes .	1
a man draws a caricature of a woman .	a man searches a cleaned his wife .	1
a man draws a caricature of a woman .	a man found a caricature in prayer .	1
a man draws a caricature of a woman .	a man searches a speech in only .	1
a man draws a caricature of a woman .	a man leading trash of the trees .	1
a man draws a caricature of a woman .	a man searches a cleaned his toss .	1
a man draws a caricature of a woman .	a man wander hurdle out from someone .	1
a man draws a caricature of a woman .	a man comes silently walks in the park .	1
a man draws a caricature of a woman .	a man spies towing for an exam .	1
a man draws a caricature of a woman .	a man chopping herself at a taxi .	1
a man draws a caricature of a woman .	a man chopping a kid in umbrellas .	1
a man draws a caricature of a woman .	a man searches bells for a woman .	1
a man draws a caricature of a woman .	a man leans of sharks at girls .	1
a man draws a caricature of a woman .	a man slices rats of an elephant .	1
a man draws a caricature of a woman .	a man hammers a canine of trees .	1
a man draws a caricature of a woman .	a man winding slices of an umbrella .	1
a man draws a caricature of a woman .	a man chopping a canine indoors bag .	1
a man draws a caricature of a woman .	a man searches herself at a baton .	1
a man draws a caricature of a woman .	a man stirs crawls of the waterfall .	1
a man draws a caricature of a woman .	a man wipes a row of trees .	1
a man draws a caricature of a woman .	a man stirs a canine in prayer .	1
a man draws a caricature of a woman .	a man searches of interview in autumn .	1
many roller derby players skating around the rink .	three males about the house <oov> them .	2
many roller derby players skating around the rink .	three males about the bicycle up channel .	2
many roller derby players skating around the rink .	three king is about to their match .	2
many roller derby players skating around the rink .	the collie is about to their signature pelosi	2
many roller derby players skating around the rink .	three graffiti is about their showering to backpacks	2
many roller derby players skating around the rink .	three males about their bicycle to vegetables .	2
many roller derby players skating around the rink .	three theft players and down <oov> walk .	2
many roller derby players skating around the rink .	three elephants and boys down in blue slide .	2
many roller derby players skating around the rink .	three plates were and down men walk .	2
many roller derby players skating around the rink .	three ruins is about to church step .	2
many roller derby players skating around the rink .	three males and gingerbread young men walk boxes	2
many roller derby players skating around the rink .	three strong and players young some bicycle .	2
many roller derby players skating around the rink .	three males about their to reads time .	2
many roller derby players skating around the rink .	three males play about to their traditional satan .	2
many roller derby players skating around the rink .	three males about the beer outside turkey .	2
many roller derby players skating around the rink .	my cellphone is about to red gender .	2
many roller derby players skating around the rink .	three males frowning about to their watery .	2
many roller derby players skating around the rink .	three males about their bike to leap !	2
many roller derby players skating around the rink .	three males equipment is down the blue slide .	2
many roller derby players skating around the rink .	three players and enjoy some men wait .	2
many roller derby players skating around the rink .	three graffiti is about their crossing black .	2
many roller derby players skating around the rink .	three definitely is about up to church .	2
many roller derby players skating around the rink .	three strong is about to their black labrador	2
many roller derby players skating around the rink .	three males about their next to babies .	2
many roller derby players skating around the rink .	the hawk is about to their explode .	2
many roller derby players skating around the rink .	three jews is about to their black cleats .	2
many roller derby players skating around the rink .	three it is about their blue leave .	2
many roller derby players skating around the rink .	six roller is laying down the blue mountain .	2
many roller derby players skating around the rink .	three grey is about to church stairs .	2
many roller derby players skating around the rink .	three males play lettuce to their neighbors .	2
many roller derby players skating around the rink .	her mug is about their next to murder .	2
many roller derby players skating around the rink .	three males about to church some fair .	2
many roller derby players skating around the rink .	three builders is female to their streetlight .	2
many roller derby players skating around the rink .	three males and were young men anchored restaurant .	2
many roller derby players skating around the rink .	three males and ready about some art .	2
many roller derby players skating around the rink .	the hay player is running blue the wooden road	2
many roller derby players skating around the rink .	three males and dropped down in blue boat .	2
many roller derby players skating around the rink .	three males about their next to horse .	2
many roller derby players skating around the rink .	three males about to church some jail .	2
many roller derby players skating around the rink .	boys making a lobster and bug . man	0
many roller derby players skating around the rink .	boys find brakes around and intends . frolic	0
many roller derby players skating around the rink .	boys hailing a stationary and animal .	0
many roller derby players skating around the rink .	three males separating around the shore .	0
many roller derby players skating around the rink .	few women grooming on the swingset . <oov>	0
many roller derby players skating around the rink .	a gentleman kickboxer under the motorcycle .	0
many roller derby players skating around the rink .	a vocalist squad is around darts .	0
many roller derby players skating around the rink .	burn sweeping off to kids . a	0
many roller derby players skating around the rink .	godzilla nose exactly around the hammer .	0
many roller derby players skating around the rink .	a roller digital is preparing .	0
many roller derby players skating around the rink .	elderly occupying boxers to talks . a	0
many roller derby players skating around the rink .	roller executive skating to trainers . a	0
many roller derby players skating around the rink .	large marble marks around the rink .	0
many roller derby players skating around the rink .	few pharmacy under around and arrow . a	0
many roller derby players skating around the rink .	just a hut big goal . they	0
many roller derby players skating around the rink .	boys putting halfpipe around the spots .	0
many roller derby players skating around the rink .	display armor carries around the rodeo .	0
many roller derby players skating around the rink .	german fish races on the telescope . to	0
workers are removing ice from a walkway .	in a lawyer race .	2
workers are removing ice from a walkway .	girl having a landmark race . object	2
workers are removing ice from a walkway .	girl is having a race . fetching	2
workers are removing ice from a walkway .	business in a florida race . to	2
workers are removing ice from a walkway .	in a asia angrily . a snowball	2
workers are removing ice from a walkway .	white dogs a gallery earrings . is	2
workers are removing ice from a walkway .	an having a mine race .	2
workers are removing ice from a walkway .	white man a microscope . people crosscountry	2
workers are removing ice from a walkway .	white dogs a roman race . duck	2
workers are removing ice from a walkway .	an having a beam race .	2
workers are removing ice from a walkway .	the shirtless is a flag . frown grinding	2
workers are removing ice from a walkway .	its a lady riding .	2
workers are removing ice from a walkway .	white man a redheaded sling .	2
two men spar in martial arts gear .	there is only one person pulling .	2
two men spar in martial arts gear .	there is only one person pulling .	2
two men spar in martial arts gear .	a mute paper head controlling .	1
two men spar in martial arts gear .	a work wearing head nails .	1
two men spar in martial arts gear .	a referee professionals head stuff .	1
two men spar in martial arts gear .	a women burning are lap . <oov>	1
two men spar in martial arts gear .	a women has corn grilling .	1
two men spar in martial arts gear .	a jockey has yellow missed .	1
two men spar in martial arts gear .	a weird prepares wearing red .	1
two men spar in martial arts gear .	a hooker drinking beer are .	1
two men spar in martial arts gear .	a harvest <oov> these bands . to	1
two men spar in martial arts gear .	a staircase <oov> because some bikes .	1
two men spar in martial arts gear .	a paid wearing all black . people	1
two men spar in martial arts gear .	a colorfully they are throwing .	1
two men spar in martial arts gear .	a women has st. films .	1
two men spar in martial arts gear .	a belly surround patricks machinery . <oov>	1
two men spar in martial arts gear .	a comforting has yellow blue . <oov>	1
two men spar in martial arts gear .	a smock cat sliding paddles .	1
two men spar in martial arts gear .	a dozen all wearing red . holded	1
two men spar in martial arts gear .	a work cat duck pudding .	1
two men spar in martial arts gear .	a women wearing black gear . a	1
two men spar in martial arts gear .	a pitbull has onions paddles .	1
two men spar in martial arts gear .	a work wearing head sacks . down	1
two men spar in martial arts gear .	a staircase <oov> baseballs some . a	1
two men spar in martial arts gear .	a staircase surround tiles black . a	1
two men spar in martial arts gear .	a silhouette <oov> spy metal . in <oov>	1
two men spar in martial arts gear .	a women wearing black gear . a	1
two men spar in martial arts gear .	a crown foods surround baloon . <oov>	1
two men spar in martial arts gear .	a bicycler boy all throwing .	1
two men spar in martial arts gear .	a country wearing all black . at a	1
two men spar in martial arts gear .	a gondola has <oov> yellow . roping	1
two men spar in martial arts gear .	a bridesmaid <oov> because parts .	1
two men spar in martial arts gear .	a buddhist men stepped stuff .	1
two men spar in martial arts gear .	a bicycler work has cigar . people	1
two men spar in martial arts gear .	a work has flags wheels . a	1
two men spar in martial arts gear .	a women dumps head bicycle .	1
two men spar in martial arts gear .	a skydiver has busy roll . <oov>	1
two men spar in martial arts gear .	a work carries troll up . bus	1
two men spar in martial arts gear .	a work cigarette not carefully .	1
two men spar in martial arts gear .	a country wearing all black . warmth	1
two men spar in martial arts gear .	a staircase wearing <oov> tags . a	1
two men spar in martial arts gear .	there are white females . people .	0
two men spar in martial arts gear .	there are white people present .	0
two men spar in martial arts gear .	an animal are provocative surface . people	0
two men spar in martial arts gear .	there are white females . at home	0
two men spar in martial arts gear .	an animal are connected heritage .	0
two men spar in martial arts gear .	an animal are very balloon .	0
two men spar in martial arts gear .	an injured men are praying .	0
two men spar in martial arts gear .	an owner are men present . to	0
two men spar in martial arts gear .	there are white baskets . hops .	0
two men spar in martial arts gear .	an animal has chicken balloon .	0
two men spar in martial arts gear .	there are white people present .	0
two men spar in martial arts gear .	there are multiple people present .	0
two men spar in martial arts gear .	there are multiple people present .	0
two men spar in martial arts gear .	an shredding group beer baskets . people	0
two men spar in martial arts gear .	an animal jumps while lizards . is	0
two men spar in martial arts gear .	an animal are recreating lumber .	0
two men spar in martial arts gear .	there are white people present .	0
two men spar in martial arts gear .	there are white listening diner . people	0
two men spar in martial arts gear .	there are white people present .	0
two men spar in martial arts gear .	an injured men are licking . `	0
two men spar in martial arts gear .	an animal are kept kids . <oov>	0
two men spar in martial arts gear .	there are white females tired . people	0
two men spar in martial arts gear .	there are white females . people .	0
a man and woman setup a camera .	a man is the missing do rules .	1
a man and woman setup a camera .	a man is the motor fumes is port .	1
a man and woman setup a camera .	a man is the placard texts trick .	1
a man and woman setup a camera .	a man is woman to learn a snow .	1
a man and woman setup a camera .	a man is busker to concerned a spots .	1
a man and woman setup a camera .	a man is squeezing to the benefit break .	1
a man and woman setup a camera .	a man is calling to enter outdoors .	1
a man and woman setup a camera .	a man is judging to the painter .	1
a man and woman setup a camera .	a man is accepting to win a bongo .	1
a man and woman setup a camera .	a man is the rich brushed fo snow .	1
a man and woman setup a camera .	a man is the prime record to skis .	1
a man and woman setup a camera .	a man is carrying to deliver a trick .	1
a man and woman setup a camera .	a man is hauling the railroad tracks outdoors .	1
a man and woman setup a camera .	a man is escaping to fetch awhile pompoms .	1
a man and woman setup a camera .	a man is unable to feed a phone .	1
a man and woman setup a camera .	a man is escaping to respective midriff .	1
a man and woman setup a camera .	a man is hockey match on a bored	2
a man and woman setup a camera .	a man is standing near on a motorcycle .	2
a man and woman setup a camera .	a man is standing loading on a motorcycle .	2
a man and woman setup a camera .	a man is standing near on a motorcycle .	2
a man and woman setup a camera .	a man is reporting in a black cafe	2
a man and woman setup a camera .	a man is playing hopped on a monday .	2
a man and woman setup a camera .	a man is paralyzed an on black salad .	2
a man and woman setup a camera .	a man is standing near on a metal .	2
a man and woman setup a camera .	a man is suffering near on a motorcycle .	2
a man and woman setup a camera .	a man is squeezing an on a motorcycle .	2
a man and woman setup a camera .	a man is standing near on a motorcycle .	2
a man and woman setup a camera .	a man is hockey nine on a bike	2
a man and woman setup a camera .	a man is maneuvering near on a motorcycle .	2
a man and woman setup a camera .	a man is hockey cultural on a motorcycle	2
a man and woman setup a camera .	a man is hockey for on a newspaper .	2
a man and woman setup a camera .	a man is rescuing an everyday shows road	2
a man and woman setup a camera .	a man is standing , on a balcony .	2
a man and woman setup a camera .	a man is standing near on a bike	2
a man and woman setup a camera .	a man is guiding candy on a quietly .	2
a man and woman setup a camera .	a man is standing near on a metal .	2
a man and woman setup a camera .	a man is standing and falls by herself .	2
a man and woman setup a camera .	two pink men was a destination . man crocheting	0
a man and woman setup a camera .	two childrens running wearing a bazaar .	0
a man and woman setup a camera .	two people seeks a trail .	0
a man and woman setup a camera .	two people helped a mystery .	0
a man and woman setup a camera .	two people waving a device .	0
a man and woman setup a camera .	two people enter a device .	0
a man and woman setup a camera .	two dogs is a poodles .	0
a man and woman setup a camera .	two dogs sit a cityscape .	0
a man and woman setup a camera .	two dogs pull a bite honda .	0
a man and woman setup a camera .	two dogs is a biscuit device . outside	0
a man and woman setup a camera .	two dogs move a rhino . a	0
a man and woman setup a camera .	two people waving a mexican . to	0
a man and woman setup a camera .	two childrens play a milkshake . is	0
a man and woman setup a camera .	two dogs is a raging drumset .	0
a man and woman setup a camera .	two people have a landmark device .	0
a man and woman setup a camera .	two <oov> stare a empire . <oov>	0
a man and woman setup a camera .	two pink men pray a macaroni .	0
a man and woman setup a camera .	two dogs is a swatting . <oov>	0
a man and woman setup a camera .	two men was a bicycle rider . <oov>	0
a man and woman setup a camera .	two dogs also a table .	0
a man and woman setup a camera .	two people carries a flat everest .	0
a man and woman setup a camera .	two <oov> survey a raging coke .	0
a man and woman setup a camera .	two dogs is a tandem device . <oov>	0
a man and woman setup a camera .	two dogs shepherd a tank top .	0
two individuals use a photo kiosk	there are two individuals .	0
two individuals use a photo kiosk	there are two individuals .	0
two individuals use a photo kiosk	there are two individuals .	0
two individuals use a photo kiosk	there are two individuals .	0
two individuals use a photo kiosk	there are two individuals .	0
two individuals use a photo kiosk	there are two individuals .	0
two individuals use a photo kiosk	there a two brown .	0
two individuals use a photo kiosk	there a woman sound .	0
two individuals use a photo kiosk	there are two individuals .	0
two individuals use a photo kiosk	there are two snarling .	0
two individuals use a photo kiosk	there are two individuals .	0
two individuals use a photo kiosk	there are two individuals .	0
two individuals use a photo kiosk	there are two individuals .	0
two individuals use a photo kiosk	there are two individuals .	0
two individuals use a photo kiosk	there are two individuals .	0
two individuals use a photo kiosk	there are two individuals .	0
two individuals use a photo kiosk	there are two individuals .	0
two individuals use a photo kiosk	there are two individuals .	0
two individuals use a photo kiosk	the man on a bike and vests are	2
two individuals use a photo kiosk	the man on a and bike horse .	2
two individuals use a photo kiosk	the man on a bike on packers .	2
two individuals use a photo kiosk	the man on a bike on the judges	2
two individuals use a photo kiosk	the man on a bike on nothing .	2
two individuals use a photo kiosk	the man on a bike and cross	2
two individuals use a photo kiosk	the man on a bike and rail .	2
two individuals use a photo kiosk	the man on a bike on the bench	2
two individuals use a photo kiosk	the man on a and bike board .	2
two individuals use a photo kiosk	the man on a bike and outfit .	2
two individuals use a photo kiosk	the man on a bike and dresses .	2
two individuals use a photo kiosk	the man on a bike on tuesday .	2
two individuals use a photo kiosk	the man on a bike on the roof	2
two individuals use a photo kiosk	the man on a bike and grills .	2
two individuals use a photo kiosk	the man on a bike and dresses .	2
two individuals use a photo kiosk	the man on a bike on the court	2
two individuals use a photo kiosk	the man on a bike on the boardwalk	2
two individuals use a photo kiosk	the man on a bike and rail	2
two individuals use a photo kiosk	the man on a and bike board .	2
two individuals use a photo kiosk	the man on a and bike board .	2
an medical worker examines a young girl .	a mariachi is knocking <oov> a girl .	0
an medical worker examines a young girl .	a cheered is if <oov> a gravity .	0
an medical worker examines a young girl .	a owl is if in a park .	0
an medical worker examines a young girl .	a priest inspects is <oov> a girl .	0
an medical worker examines a young girl .	a stir toddler is <oov> a girl .	0
an medical worker examines a young girl .	a utility worker is <oov> a girl .	0
an medical worker examines a young girl .	a superhero is supervising <oov> a girl .	0
an medical worker examines a young girl .	a scantily worker is <oov> a girl .	0
an medical worker examines a young girl .	a bed is haggling in a park .	0
an medical worker examines a young girl .	a crosscountry vendor is <oov> a girl .	0
an medical worker examines a young girl .	a stadium is sipping <oov> a girl .	0
an medical worker examines a young girl .	a downed is supervising <oov> a girl .	0
an medical worker examines a young girl .	a washer is sipping a <oov> girl .	0
an medical worker examines a young girl .	a commuter is awaiting <oov> a street .	0
an medical worker examines a young girl .	a rabbi is supervising <oov> a girl .	0
an medical worker examines a young girl .	a sailor is controlling a <oov> pajamas .	0
an medical worker examines a young girl .	a vending top is pike a girl .	0
an medical worker examines a young girl .	a shoeshine is supervising <oov> a girl .	0
an medical worker examines a young girl .	a tapestry is supervising a <oov> girl .	0
an medical worker examines a young girl .	a kitty is admiring a <oov> girl .	0
an medical worker examines a young girl .	a footballer is wrapped in a park .	0
an medical worker examines a young girl .	a warehouse if is <oov> a girl .	0
an medical worker examines a young girl .	a rabbi is coming in a park .	0
an medical worker examines a young girl .	a gets is sipping <oov> a girl .	0
an medical worker examines a young girl .	a steet hiding is <oov> a girl .	0
an medical worker examines a young girl .	a badminton toddler is <oov> a girl .	0
an medical worker examines a young girl .	a guest is catching a <oov> girl .	0
an medical worker examines a young girl .	a solo worker is <oov> a girl .	0
an medical worker examines a young girl .	a footballer is coming in a park .	0
an medical worker examines a young girl .	a glass is opposite <oov> a park .	0
an medical worker examines a young girl .	a priest is polo in a park .	0
an medical worker examines a young girl .	a severe cage is <oov> a girl .	0
an medical worker examines a young girl .	a sailor is kissing in a advertisement .	0
an medical worker examines a young girl .	a wakeboarder is dodging and a park .	0
an medical worker examines a young girl .	a class is admiring <oov> a girl .	0
an medical worker examines a young girl .	a warehouse squad is <oov> a girl .	0
an medical worker examines a young girl .	a flight worker is <oov> a girl .	0
an medical worker examines a young girl .	a hammer is pittsburgh <oov> a girl .	0
an medical worker examines a young girl .	a mad is awaiting a <oov> girl .	0
men are playing rugby while covered in mud .	there is children surround down the computers .	0
men are playing rugby while covered in mud .	there is children ask the snowboarding beer .	0
men are playing rugby while covered in mud .	there is children feats down the construction .	0
men are playing rugby while covered in mud .	there is children anniversary some the sofa .	0
men are playing rugby while covered in mud .	there is children having male the down .	0
men are playing rugby while covered in mud .	a dog racing is inside the bag .	0
men are playing rugby while covered in mud .	there is children on the top of construction	0
men are playing rugby while covered in mud .	there is children cat on the sofa .	0
men are playing rugby while covered in mud .	there is children normally breakdancing the daily .	0
men are playing rugby while covered in mud .	there is children preparing the laying activities .	0
men are playing rugby while covered in mud .	there is children cat through the female .	0
men are playing rugby while covered in mud .	there is not skaters of the audience .	0
men are playing rugby while covered in mud .	there is children preparing dishes the balloons .	0
men are playing rugby while covered in mud .	there is through the jordan of women .	0
men are playing rugby while covered in mud .	a girl is not lying the camera .	0
men are playing rugby while covered in mud .	there is children preparing the elmo camera .	0
men are playing rugby while covered in mud .	there is children preparing sniffed and hard .	0
men are playing rugby while covered in mud .	there is children preparing jordan the players .	0
men are playing rugby while covered in mud .	a women are engaged vertically homes .	2
men are playing rugby while covered in mud .	a men took are wrestling peacefully .	2
men are playing rugby while covered in mud .	a women are baskets during very young .	2
men are playing rugby while covered in mud .	a women are bungee heavily patrons .	2
men are playing rugby while covered in mud .	a women are high-fiving patients downhill .	2
men are playing rugby while covered in mud .	a women are beaten during far .	2
men are playing rugby while covered in mud .	a women are observing free stories .	2
men are playing rugby while covered in mud .	a women street kills are focused .	2
men are playing rugby while covered in mud .	a women play separately obstacle tire .	2
men are playing rugby while covered in mud .	a women are dollar newlywed riders .	2
men are playing rugby while covered in mud .	a women are happily helping signs .	2
men are playing rugby while covered in mud .	a women observing are transported high .	2
men are playing rugby while covered in mud .	a women observing are arranging juice .	2
men are playing rugby while covered in mud .	a women play wii press bracelet .	2
men are playing rugby while covered in mud .	a women are hunting magazines headquarters .	2
men are playing rugby while covered in mud .	a women observing are arranging snow .	2
men are playing rugby while covered in mud .	a men are digging dirt graffitied .	2
men are playing rugby while covered in mud .	a women are counting weighing shrubs .	2
men are playing rugby while covered in mud .	a women are weighing writer mingling .	2
men are playing rugby while covered in mud .	a women smoking are measuring peacefully .	2
men are playing rugby while covered in mud .	a men have busking are impressed .	2
men are playing rugby while covered in mud .	a tall man carrying bananas passengers . to	2
men are playing rugby while covered in mud .	a large woman marches latino and shoes .	2
men are playing rugby while covered in mud .	a women are observing wrestling peacefully .	2
men are playing rugby while covered in mud .	a women are harnessed stacks more .	2
men are playing rugby while covered in mud .	a women show are streets or .	2
men are playing rugby while covered in mud .	a tall man never gives free shoes .	2
men are playing rugby while covered in mud .	a women are dividing off fireworks .	2
men are playing rugby while covered in mud .	a women are super daisies high .	2
men are playing rugby while covered in mud .	a women , eastern both bus .	2
men are playing rugby while covered in mud .	a women play spiked zip firemen .	2
men are playing rugby while covered in mud .	it rained recently autographs . a	1
men are playing rugby while covered in mud .	it curling ends glory . a	1
men are playing rugby while covered in mud .	it rained smoothing sailing .	1
men are playing rugby while covered in mud .	it fixes need the crafts .	1
men are playing rugby while covered in mud .	it take to free .	1
men are playing rugby while covered in mud .	it rained recently ducks .	1
men are playing rugby while covered in mud .	it escapes recently oxygen . of	1
men are playing rugby while covered in mud .	it rained recently offices . a	1
men are playing rugby while covered in mud .	it rained recently anyone .	1
men are playing rugby while covered in mud .	it being macy during .	1
men are playing rugby while covered in mud .	it time being displayed . is	1
men are playing rugby while covered in mud .	it summertime batting tracks . a	1
men are playing rugby while covered in mud .	it olympian recently empty . to	1
men are playing rugby while covered in mud .	it rained recently examined .	1
men are playing rugby while covered in mud .	it barricade dairy scratch . guitarists football	1
men are playing rugby while covered in mud .	it rained recently filed . a	1
men are playing rugby while covered in mud .	it helium recently jack . raining	1
men are playing rugby while covered in mud .	it indy pens via . ` it	1
men are playing rugby while covered in mud .	it rained criminals recently . turkey	1
men are playing rugby while covered in mud .	it recently braiding the .	1
men are playing rugby while covered in mud .	it races filed hunting . to a	1
men are playing rugby while covered in mud .	it isnt her them .	1
men are playing rugby while covered in mud .	it snowed recently jewelry . is	1
men are playing rugby while covered in mud .	it summertime barely his . a	1
men are playing rugby while covered in mud .	it rained city textile .	1
men are playing rugby while covered in mud .	it crowns through the photograph . to	1
men are playing rugby while covered in mud .	it exams pointed stories . a	1
men are playing rugby while covered in mud .	it rained recently simultaneously . football is	1
men are playing rugby while covered in mud .	it was recently listening .	1
men are playing rugby while covered in mud .	it glove carols rings . to a	1
men are playing rugby while covered in mud .	it rained recently saving . is	1
men are playing rugby while covered in mud .	it plow rained wheels . is	1
men are playing rugby while covered in mud .	it snowed recently inches . a	1
men are playing rugby while covered in mud .	it rained listening . . .	1
construction worker looking over the job site .	construction at bar outside . frown is	0
construction worker looking over the job site .	tourists at cellphones work .	0
construction worker looking over the job site .	construction at bar outside . across mug	0
construction worker looking over the job site .	construction at clears outside . is having	0
construction worker looking over the job site .	construction at bar outside . people bug	0
construction worker looking over the job site .	construction at tile work .	0
construction worker looking over the job site .	construction at their photograph work .	0
construction worker looking over the job site .	construction at bar work . 's	0
construction worker looking over the job site .	construction at huts outside . to mug	0
construction worker looking over the job site .	construction at their hobby work .	0
construction worker looking over the job site .	construction at their long . to	0
construction worker looking over the job site .	construction at bar outside . people skateboarder	0
construction worker looking over the job site .	construction at trainer produce .	0
construction worker looking over the job site .	someone hanging at work .	0
construction worker looking over the job site .	construction at cage outside .	0
construction worker looking over the job site .	hockey player at art around .	0
construction worker looking over the job site .	construction at bar sunbathing . `	0
construction worker looking over the job site .	construction at bar outside . tips children	0
construction worker looking over the job site .	construction at miami having produce . <oov>	0
construction worker looking over the job site .	construction at levi quality ?	0
construction worker looking over the job site .	construction at is busy .	0
construction worker looking over the job site .	construction at weeks outside . people	0
construction worker looking over the job site .	construction at bar sing .	0
construction worker looking over the job site .	when working at <oov> rights .	0
construction worker looking over the job site .	construction is asian outside . motorbike	0
construction worker looking over the job site .	construction at bar outside . ` man	0
construction worker looking over the job site .	construction at pour work . to	0
construction worker looking over the job site .	construction is at work .	0
construction worker looking over the job site .	construction at their preform . to boys	0
construction worker looking over the job site .	small man is busy .	0
construction worker looking over the job site .	crowd in indiana work . a	0
construction worker looking over the job site .	construction at abortion outside . 've	0
construction worker looking over the job site .	tourists at inclined work .	0
construction worker looking over the job site .	construction is at work .	0
construction worker looking over the job site .	construction at afghanistan city . at	0
construction worker looking over the job site .	construction at his couch . a	0
construction worker looking over the job site .	construction at bar outside . is assembled	0
construction worker looking over the job site .	the hispanic is in labor with asian diamond .	1
construction worker looking over the job site .	this person is in order under a mailbox .	1
construction worker looking over the job site .	the hispanic is sleeping in robbing riding backyard .	1
construction worker looking over the job site .	this is in just received with two rubble .	1
construction worker looking over the job site .	the hispanic is sleeping in elegant standing together	1
construction worker looking over the job site .	this busy is in operating of asian tunnel	1
construction worker looking over the job site .	the 100 is not touch with diamond steps .	1
construction worker looking over the job site .	the hispanic is in order with scientific accordion .	1
construction worker looking over the job site .	this is a people flying of each other .	1
construction worker looking over the job site .	the navy is in fisherman standing straight under umbrellas	1
construction worker looking over the job site .	this man is in empty room at holiday .	1
construction worker looking over the job site .	this man is in denim with balloon breakdance	1
construction worker looking over the job site .	an angry dog is with each other activities .	1
construction worker looking over the job site .	this busy is in midair standing touching trespassing .	1
construction worker looking over the job site .	the hispanic is sleeping with other dreadlocks level .	1
construction worker looking over the job site .	the hispanic is sleeping in venice standing speaking .	1
construction worker looking over the job site .	the firefighter is in charge standing diving for lunch	1
construction worker looking over the job site .	the hispanic is sleeping in venice standing rush .	1
construction worker looking over the job site .	the hispanic is sleeping with other different bottles	1
construction worker looking over the job site .	the old man is in tutu with kites .	1
construction worker looking over the job site .	the hill is in string shaft was disappointed .	1
construction worker looking over the job site .	the hispanic is sleeping with other steps playground .	1
construction worker looking over the job site .	the hispanic is sleeping in pain coloring riding .	1
construction worker looking over the job site .	the hispanic is sleeping in mass shots .	1
construction worker looking over the job site .	this person is in japan afford standing infront .	1
construction worker looking over the job site .	the firefighter is in hawaii relatives standing focusing .	1
construction worker looking over the job site .	the old people in orange smells smiles with wet	1
construction worker looking over the job site .	this woman is in empty room standing archway .	1
construction worker looking over the job site .	the hispanic is in sleeping celebrating standing melted .	1
construction worker looking over the job site .	the old man is in charge standing landscape .	1
construction worker looking over the job site .	the old man is in expressing riding plain .	1
construction worker looking over the job site .	the dog is creepy a mess on a beach	2
construction worker looking over the job site .	the dog is solving a commute on pole .	2
construction worker looking over the job site .	the dog is louis garbage into a woman .	2
construction worker looking over the job site .	the dog is by a tube on it .	2
construction worker looking over the job site .	a marble is underwater a watercolors eating lunch	2
construction worker looking over the job site .	the dog is by a controller on scooters	2
construction worker looking over the job site .	a worker is italy a world on decorations	2
construction worker looking over the job site .	a dog is waving a yellow on it	2
construction worker looking over the job site .	a worker is grilling wild on a sidewalk	2
construction worker looking over the job site .	the dog is waving home cheeses a catch .	2
construction worker looking over the job site .	the dog is by a crashed on ground .	2
construction worker looking over the job site .	the dog is by a tube on ground .	2
construction worker looking over the job site .	the dog is rinsing a fish on a lake	2
construction worker looking over the job site .	the dog is by a banquet on himself .	2
construction worker looking over the job site .	a worker is panting a bakery on pole .	2
construction worker looking over the job site .	the dog is chases up it 's a course	2
construction worker looking over the job site .	a dog is chases a tube on it .	2
construction worker looking over the job site .	the dog is by a tarp on a cellular	2
construction worker looking over the job site .	the dog is smashes a tail on sidewalk	2
construction worker looking over the job site .	the dog is drooling marketing out a pole .	2
construction worker looking over the job site .	the dog is nothing by a catch days	2
construction worker looking over the job site .	the dog is by a medium-sized on a lake	2
construction worker looking over the job site .	the dog is bowing underwater a blind catch	2
construction worker looking over the job site .	a dog is fishing a jetski filled on bed	2
construction worker looking over the job site .	the dog is shaping red counts a pole .	2
four men are posing behind a cash register .	the man is drinking nigerian the winning .	1
four men are posing behind a cash register .	the man is drinking instead of officers .	1
four men are posing behind a cash register .	the man is drinking beer at rice .	1
four men are posing behind a cash register .	the man is selling milk at softball .	1
four men are posing behind a cash register .	the man is all asleep standing apart .	1
four men are posing behind a cash register .	the man is drinking out under icecream .	1
four men are posing behind a cash register .	the man is currently designer each other .	1
four men are posing behind a cash register .	the man is currently opposite stars each .	1
four men are posing behind a cash register .	the man is selling cows at computers .	1
four men are posing behind a cash register .	the man is drinking hot each other .	1
four men are posing behind a cash register .	the man is drinking out candy dirty .	1
four men are posing behind a cash register .	the man is drinking beer in pool .	1
four men are posing behind a cash register .	the man is drinking beer at pro .	1
four men are posing behind a cash register .	the man is ironing out in restroom .	1
four men are posing behind a cash register .	the man is nobody peruse his daughter .	1
four men are posing behind a cash register .	the man is currently before his party .	1
four men are posing behind a cash register .	the man is examining out his drink .	1
four men are posing behind a cash register .	the man is all know each other .	1
four men are posing behind a cash register .	the man is nine pour each other .	1
four men are posing behind a cash register .	the man is drinking bottles an ensemble .	1
four men are posing behind a cash register .	the man is nine instruments in flight .	1
four men are posing behind a cash register .	the man is drinking snowballs an attraction .	1
four men are posing behind a cash register .	the man is drinking beer in pool .	1
four men are posing behind a cash register .	the man is drinking out bottles boarder .	1
four men are posing behind a cash register .	the man is crazy before his guests .	1
four men are posing behind a cash register .	the man is drinking plain in each .	1
four men are posing behind a cash register .	the man is currently appliances 3 companion .	1
four men are posing behind a cash register .	the man is drinking beer at concessions .	1
four men are posing behind a cash register .	the man is drinking instead of each other .	1
four men are posing behind a cash register .	the man is drinking beer happen meat .	1
four men are posing behind a cash register .	four men are posing inside . . <oov>	0
four men are posing behind a cash register .	four men are addressing inside . fit <oov>	0
four men are posing behind a cash register .	four men are posing animal . about	0
four men are posing behind a cash register .	four men are black nachos . people student	0
four men are posing behind a cash register .	four men are posing animal . <oov>	0
four men are posing behind a cash register .	four men are black nachos . tips	0
four men are posing behind a cash register .	four men are posing swampy . a	0
four men are posing behind a cash register .	four men are posing playboy . after	0
four men are posing behind a cash register .	four men are black wilson . holded the	0
four men are posing behind a cash register .	four men are ready inside . to church	0
four men are posing behind a cash register .	four men are posing italy . islamic man	0
four men are posing behind a cash register .	four men are posing games . to	0
four men are posing behind a cash register .	four men are ready inside . about <oov>	0
four men are posing behind a cash register .	four men are inside headgear . a	0
four men are posing behind a cash register .	four men are ready refreshments . attach	0
four men are posing behind a cash register .	four men are posing camouflage . donkeys gingerbread	0
four men are posing behind a cash register .	four men are posing huts . people fox	0
four men are posing behind a cash register .	four men are inside distress .	0
four men are posing behind a cash register .	four men are ready onions . to	0
four men are posing behind a cash register .	four businessmen are inside . .	0
four men are posing behind a cash register .	four men are posing riding . to	0
four men are posing behind a cash register .	four men are posing inside . gameboy having	0
four men are posing behind a cash register .	four men are black goaltender . used test	0
four men are posing behind a cash register .	four men are ready hairy . to	0
four men are posing behind a cash register .	four men are posing inside . <oov> dance	0
four men are posing behind a cash register .	four men are inside going . a	0
four men are posing behind a cash register .	four men are posing era . a	0
four men are posing behind a cash register .	four men are posing games . .	0
four men are posing behind a cash register .	four men are posing cracker . cutoff man	0
four men are posing behind a cash register .	four men are posing doubles .	0
four men are posing behind a cash register .	four men are black nachos . people fox	0
four men are posing behind a cash register .	four men are posing animal . to	0
a group of children in african clothing .	a person in overweight clothing	0
a group of children in african clothing .	a person in elaborate pockets	0
a group of children in african clothing .	a person in clothing is heating . a	0
a group of children in african clothing .	a person in elaborate crotch	0
a group of children in african clothing .	a person in elaborate crotch	0
a group of children in african clothing .	a person is in boutique	0
a group of children in african clothing .	a person is in design	0
a group of children in african clothing .	a person is in design	0
a group of children in african clothing .	a person in strength joyously	0
a group of children in african clothing .	a person in elaborate hula-hooping	0
a group of children in african clothing .	a person in elaborate karaoke	0
a group of children in african clothing .	a person in clothing is .	0
a group of children in african clothing .	a person in school stroller	0
a group of children in african clothing .	a person in elaborate crotch	0
a group of children in african clothing .	a person in elaborate sponges	0
a group of children in african clothing .	a person in elaborate beaker	0
a group of children in african clothing .	a person is in couches	0
a group of children in african clothing .	a person in startled is	0
a group of children in african clothing .	a person in elaborate crotch	0
a group of children in african clothing .	a person in elaborate celtics	0
a group of children in african clothing .	a person in elaborate crotch	0
a group of children in african clothing .	a person in sailboat held	0
a group of children in african clothing .	a person in elaborate crotch	0
a group of children in african clothing .	a person in elaborate boiling	0
a group of children in african clothing .	a person in elaborate camper	0
a group of children in african clothing .	a person is in chatting	0
a group of children in african clothing .	a person in elaborate counter	0
a group of children in african clothing .	a person in elaborate doe	0
a group of children in african clothing .	a person in elaborate dozing	0
a group of children in african clothing .	a man is standing .	2
a group of children in african clothing .	a man is here .	2
a group of children in african clothing .	a jealous is standing .	2
two young musicians play from a stage .	the object is empty .	2
two young musicians play from a stage .	two people on a <oov> slide	0
two young musicians play from a stage .	two people on a stage school .	0
two young musicians play from a stage .	there boy is on a stage .	0
two young musicians play from a stage .	two people on a stage downtown .	0
two young musicians play from a stage .	two people on a panda for transportation .	0
two young musicians play from a stage .	two people on a heineken digging .	0
two young musicians play from a stage .	two people on a stage	0
two young musicians play from a stage .	two people on a panda road .	0
two young musicians play from a stage .	two people on a cruise stage	0
two young musicians play from a stage .	two people on a stage goal .	0
two young musicians play from a stage .	girl with on a drum digging .	0
two young musicians play from a stage .	two people on a object sailing .	0
two young musicians play from a stage .	two people on a object obstacle	0
two young musicians play from a stage .	two people on a stage celebrity .	0
two young musicians play from a stage .	two people on a stage talk	0
two young musicians play from a stage .	two people on a stage	0
two young musicians play from a stage .	two people on a stage	0
two young musicians play from a stage .	two people on a stage	0
two young musicians play from a stage .	there on the object is sailing .	0
two young musicians play from a stage .	two people on a <oov> slide .	0
two young musicians play from a stage .	two people on a panda bikes	0
two young musicians play from a stage .	two people on a mountainside stage	0
two young musicians play from a stage .	two people on a stage	0
two young musicians play from a stage .	two people on a stage sailing .	0
two young musicians play from a stage .	two people on a charades tilling	0
two young musicians play from a stage .	two people on a stage storefront	0
two young musicians play from a stage .	two people on a panda city	0
two young musicians play from a stage .	two girl on a stage sailing .	0
two young musicians play from a stage .	two people on a object stage	0
two young musicians play from a stage .	two people on a stage	0
two young musicians play from a stage .	two people on a stage set .	0
two young musicians play from a stage .	two people on a stage forest	0
two young musicians play from a stage .	children on a <oov> cruise over .	0
a high school band getting ready to perform .	a high school man falls cars in asia .	2
a high school band getting ready to perform .	the liquid in reflective cools eating donuts pizza side	2
a high school band getting ready to perform .	the dock in air sank cars on house .	2
a high school band getting ready to perform .	a high school partially booths on each demonstration .	2
a high school band getting ready to perform .	a high school eating stunt an upcoming kitchen .	2
a high school band getting ready to perform .	the robot very little person cooks pizza blanket	2
a high school band getting ready to perform .	the high school boy eating walls on design	2
a high school band getting ready to perform .	a marble with aboard outer on golf morning	2
a high school band getting ready to perform .	the carpenter camera in 30 falls on handmade .	2
a high school band getting ready to perform .	the high school boy helps cars near shore	2
a high school band getting ready to perform .	a high float in yellow cars on facebook .	2
a high school band getting ready to perform .	the dirt people ridden jumped on a mat .	2
a high school band getting ready to perform .	the race in jeans carrying out on track .	2
a high school band getting ready to perform .	a high school eating identify an arrow wet talking	2
a high school band getting ready to perform .	the table in jeans pushing classic a puddle .	2
a high school band getting ready to perform .	the shopping attempts while driving cars on cellphones .	2
a high school band getting ready to perform .	the mistress 's fog digging carrying an frame	2
a high school band getting ready to perform .	a high school eatery his vacation attacks an iphone	2
a high school band getting ready to perform .	the family in buries over an album tree	2
a high school band getting ready to perform .	a high school descending person fishing off street	2
a high school band getting ready to perform .	the hockey sat in cages rough immigration mound .	2
a high school band getting ready to perform .	the race in save making craft shower refrigerator .	2
a high school band getting ready to perform .	the center in bare add eat on runway .	2
a high school band getting ready to perform .	the laptop in traffic grace drives on truck .	2
two people play horseshoes .	gentleman riding castles by celebrities . a	2
two people play horseshoes .	taking pictures inside quietly . duck	2
two people play horseshoes .	employees is riding by atvs . from	2
two people play horseshoes .	artist was oxygen her camera . a	2
two people play horseshoes .	riding dogs riding her tears . at	2
two people play horseshoes .	gentleman riding mopeds around road .	2
two people play horseshoes .	do have khaki frown crushed .	2
two people play horseshoes .	ipod was riding her master . 's	2
two people play horseshoes .	big playing line light around . a	2
two people play horseshoes .	there is a science crowd dandelion .	1
two people play horseshoes .	everybody is having about looks running .	1
two people play horseshoes .	there is a science boarder swing . dudes	1
two people play horseshoes .	there is science about to drink .	1
two people play horseshoes .	girls and elephant too photograph travel .	1
two people play horseshoes .	there is a science crowd eventually .	1
two people play horseshoes .	players is drinking beer or cleaning .	1
two people play horseshoes .	friends is plying women about invisible . hockey	1
two people play horseshoes .	there is a science bay leader .	1
two people play horseshoes .	there is the hayride about dust .	1
two people play horseshoes .	girls and posing with type . after ride	1
two people play horseshoes .	there is a science or crowd . taller	1
two people play horseshoes .	obama is hayride about many hats .	1
two people play horseshoes .	people wives and strollers or clothes . came	1
two people play horseshoes .	there is a staircase or outside . adult	1
two people play horseshoes .	there is a capacity is outside .	1
two people play horseshoes .	there is a cool heart outside .	1
two people play horseshoes .	there is a dish about outside . into	1
two people play horseshoes .	there is a juggling smokey outside .	1
two people play horseshoes .	there is a pro football on .	1
two people play horseshoes .	brothers is man enters and outside . tied	1
two people play horseshoes .	there is a known laying outside .	1
two people play horseshoes .	girls soccer is hard engage outside .	1
two people play horseshoes .	there is a skater doing outside . <oov>	1
two people play horseshoes .	pigeons is a skater and outside .	1
two people play horseshoes .	there is a science caution outside .	1
two people play horseshoes .	there is a cool wheeler outside .	1
two people play horseshoes .	there is a footrace and outside .	1
two people play horseshoes .	there is a mix screaming outside .	1
two people play horseshoes .	there is a science swingset outside .	1
two people play horseshoes .	there is a skater has outside .	1
a man visiting a friend in the hospital .	a man is on a patio vegetable .	2
a man visiting a friend in the hospital .	a man is on a repairman stool .	2
a man visiting a friend in the hospital .	a man is on a patio sweeper .	2
a man visiting a friend in the hospital .	a man is on a patio trophy .	2
a man visiting a friend in the hospital .	a man is on a patio bathtub .	2
a man visiting a friend in the hospital .	a man is on a patio trophy .	2
a man visiting a friend in the hospital .	a man is on a patio shipwreck .	2
a man visiting a friend in the hospital .	a man is on a patio bottled .	2
a man visiting a friend in the hospital .	a man is on a stick stool .	2
a man visiting a friend in the hospital .	a man is on a repairman stool .	2
a man visiting a friend in the hospital .	a man is on a repairman tour .	2
a man visiting a friend in the hospital .	a man is on a patio organic .	2
a man visiting a friend in the hospital .	a man is on a patio structure .	2
a man visiting a friend in the hospital .	a man is on a repairman mountains .	2
a man visiting a friend in the hospital .	a man is on a patio bathtub .	2
a man visiting a friend in the hospital .	a man is panhandling over this substance .	2
a man visiting a friend in the hospital .	a man is on a repairman journal .	2
a man visiting a friend in the hospital .	a man is on a hardware arena .	2
a man visiting a friend in the hospital .	a man is on a patio batter .	2
a man visiting a friend in the hospital .	a man is on a patio roof .	2
a man visiting a friend in the hospital .	a man is on a repairman tour .	2
a man visiting a friend in the hospital .	a man is on a diagram stool .	2
a man visiting a friend in the hospital .	a man is on a patio bees .	2
a man visiting a friend in the hospital .	a man is on a patio profusely .	2
a man visiting a friend in the hospital .	a man is on a patio important .	2
a man visiting a friend in the hospital .	a man is on a loom stool . to	2
a man visiting a friend in the hospital .	a man is on a patio caravan .	2
a man visiting a friend in the hospital .	a man is on a patio roof .	2
a man visiting a friend in the hospital .	a man is on a patio 7 .	2
a man visiting a friend in the hospital .	a man is on a patio alley .	2
a man visiting a friend in the hospital .	a man is on a patio bathtub .	2
a man visiting a friend in the hospital .	a man is soaking into a stick .	2
a man visiting a friend in the hospital .	a man is on a patio suv .	2
a man visiting a friend in the hospital .	a man is on a patio lecture .	2
a man visiting a friend in the hospital .	a man is on a pogo stick .	2
a man visiting a friend in the hospital .	a man is on a patio bathtub .	2
a man visiting a friend in the hospital .	a man is filling on a patio .	2
a man visiting a friend in the hospital .	a man is on a chemicals swings .	2
a man visiting a friend in the hospital .	a man is on a patio cot .	2
children are playing outside in a fountain .	some the girl is not halloween in sweatshirts .	2
children are playing outside in a fountain .	a boy is not planning and chorus .	2
children are playing outside in a fountain .	a boy and manicured witnesses in last library	2
children are playing outside in a fountain .	a boy is not laying in detention .	2
children are playing outside in a fountain .	a boy is teasing and a library .	2
children are playing outside in a fountain .	a boy is teasing and a brown car .	2
children are playing outside in a fountain .	a boy and splashing in brown mouse .	2
children are playing outside in a fountain .	a boy is not planning and chorus .	2
children are playing outside in a fountain .	a boy is not another and a bus .	2
children are playing outside in a fountain .	a boy moving and a dog in leafs .	2
children are playing outside in a fountain .	a boy is not planning and hip .	2
children are playing outside in a fountain .	a boy is not planning and skateboarders .	2
children are playing outside in a fountain .	a boy is not trimmed in circles .	2
children are playing outside in a fountain .	a boy is and wild man in uniform .	2
stick figures in the middle of the street .	a convoy picture is .	2
stick figures in the middle of the street .	a person barney normally .	2
stick figures in the middle of the street .	a picture is male .	2
stick figures in the middle of the street .	a picture is male .	2
stick figures in the middle of the street .	a picture is freezing .	2
stick figures in the middle of the street .	a picture is ocean .	2
stick figures in the middle of the street .	a cage <oov> is . is	2
stick figures in the middle of the street .	a person trains indian . is	2
stick figures in the middle of the street .	a ship is dead .	2
stick figures in the middle of the street .	a picture is minding .	2
stick figures in the middle of the street .	a person trains the .	2
stick figures in the middle of the street .	a wedding is suitcase . is	2
stick figures in the middle of the street .	a picture is angry . !	2
stick figures in the middle of the street .	a person trains the shit .	2
stick figures in the middle of the street .	a blonde <oov> touching . is	2
stick figures in the middle of the street .	a person trains some .	2
stick figures in the middle of the street .	a picture of the reception .	2
stick figures in the middle of the street .	a person trains some .	2
stick figures in the middle of the street .	a picture is sleeping .	2
stick figures in the middle of the street .	a picture is male .	2
stick figures in the middle of the street .	a public attractive diary .	2
stick figures in the middle of the street .	a picture is watering .	2
stick figures in the middle of the street .	a piece of ladies fill a hut	1
stick figures in the middle of the street .	a keyboard of men near a crowded figure	1
stick figures in the middle of the street .	a bulbs met of a sports manager	1
stick figures in the middle of the street .	a infant of a dance stalks drive .	1
stick figures in the middle of the street .	a infant of a polar column hour	1
stick figures in the middle of the street .	a music of asians carrying a driver .	1
stick figures in the middle of the street .	a infant of a miniature logo sports	1
stick figures in the middle of the street .	a pup standing against a dam danger	1
stick figures in the middle of the street .	a dividing bear holds a big cart	1
stick figures in the middle of the street .	a para of musician a bell	1
stick figures in the middle of the street .	a shiner discusses touching a stairs .	1
stick figures in the middle of the street .	a infant of a met riding elephants .	1
stick figures in the middle of the street .	a stray of dance in a hoodie	1
stick figures in the middle of the street .	a costumed crowd of a diagram salad	1
stick figures in the middle of the street .	a profile of families quietly indiana argument	1
stick figures in the middle of the street .	a interior of families are riding camels	1
stick figures in the middle of the street .	a wizard competes of a tutu .	1
stick figures in the middle of the street .	a contruction of re outdoors spreading	1
stick figures in the middle of the street .	a elements of families ordered a saturday	1
stick figures in the middle of the street .	a protestor uniform of a warehouse cab	1
stick figures in the middle of the street .	a back performing a champion dance	1
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	a carnival pours is	0
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	cat in stripes kept	0
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	fron watching a motor	0
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	a cat is trained	0
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	a cat is trained	0
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	cat with friends clothing	0
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	a cat is trained	0
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	cat with reading shoes	0
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	cat in tag basement farming	0
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	a hooker plant is caught	0
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	nobody glassware is trained	0
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	a cheerleading awaits is caught	0
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	a traveling is covered	0
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	a cat is spotless	0
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	a cat is packed	0
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	a walmart is packed	0
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	a cat is clean	0
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	what causes buying statue ?	0
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	a cat is trained	0
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	a cat is clean	0
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	tower visiting is being	0
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	a cat is trained	0
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	a cat is brunette	0
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	a carnival is booze	0
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	some animals own shoes	0
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	nobody attracts grain bartender	0
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	a cat is 10	0
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	a cat is clean	0
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	nobody woodworker is smoke	0
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	what direction is 10 ?	0
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	a cat is trained	0
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	a cat is clean	0
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	a cat is thirsty	0
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	cat with friends clothing	0
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	a cat is 10	0
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	a cat is trained	0
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	a patient is rowing	0
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	a man is guarding husband .	1
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	a man is physically plumbing .	1
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	a man is spinning grafitti .	1
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	a man is spinning cello .	1
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	a man is spinning loud . donkeys	1
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	a man is spinning below . <oov>	1
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	a man wants scrubbing condition .	1
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	a man is filing for .	1
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	a man is surveys slippers .	1
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	a man is guarding husband .	1
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	a man is preforming skiiing .	1
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	a man wants for <oov> .	1
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	a man is guarding geese .	1
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	a man is filing for .	1
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	a man is spinning males .	1
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	a man is refusing slippery .	1
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	a man is pouring below . a	1
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	a man is broke swimming .	1
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	a man is spinning jackson .	1
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	a man wants for trunk .	1
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	a man is snowed for .	1
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	a man is aiming system .	1
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	a man is filing below .	1
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	a man is pouring swimming .	1
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	a man is handing open .	1
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	a man is shot <oov> .	1
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	a man is drifting shaving .	1
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	a man is sick on .	1
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	a man is refuse for .	1
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	a man is stretching spectacles .	1
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	a man is broke alps .	1
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	a man is comparing casual .	1
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	a man is mma system .	1
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	a man is beating mannequins . <oov>	1
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	a man is spinning mozart .	1
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	a man is striking change .	1
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	girl is set upon simultaneously .	2
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	an boy is too dressed important	2
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	an boy is cotton candy eyebrows	2
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	girl is black dog 's satchel	2
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	woman is hanging sleeping in suite .	2
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	girl is terrified child in hospital	2
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	girl is laying oak enjoys geishas	2
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	guitarists boy is sleeping on computers	2
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	a girl is sleeping devoid	2
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	an boy is cotton candy aunt .	2
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	girl is about ten excited	2
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	girl is terrified man in handicapped .	2
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	an old man is leading grounds .	2
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	the girl is man attending hilltop	2
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	an toddler boy is sleeping .	2
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	a girl is sleeping john	2
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	girl is about ten glaring meet	2
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	girl is about string haunted	2
cook handling hot tray with food on it .	an child is man sleeping	2
a boy rides his skateboard at the park .	a girl rides his butts at the park .	2
a boy rides his skateboard at the park .	a girl is climing to park in his car	2
a boy rides his skateboard at the park .	a girl rides his skateboard at the park .	2
a boy rides his skateboard at the park .	a wrinkled cat is pulling by the pile .	2
a boy rides his skateboard at the park .	a crate man is awful his at her table	2
a boy rides his skateboard at the park .	a girl single someone is pooping at naughty .	2
a boy rides his skateboard at the park .	a girl everyone is saving emo at the job	2
a boy rides his skateboard at the park .	a girl is spraying his kung at her .	2
a boy rides his skateboard at the park .	a girl inspects her is eating by his vehicle	2
a boy rides his skateboard at the park .	a girl rides is walking taking an well .	2
a boy rides his skateboard at the park .	a hairdresser rides his skateboard is at her hats	2
a boy rides his skateboard at the park .	a girl standing around his shoe from the lawn	2
a boy rides his skateboard at the park .	a crate man is fishing from the championship .	2
a boy rides his skateboard at the park .	a girl rides his skateboard at her crochet .	2
a boy rides his skateboard at the park .	a girl spends machinery his from at the airport	2
a boy rides his skateboard at the park .	a muddy man is digging his harvest from albums	2
a boy rides his skateboard at the park .	a kid is spraying his eyes at her possessions	2
a boy rides his skateboard at the park .	a brothers enjoy <oov> potential at the museum	2
a boy rides his skateboard at the park .	a brothers man bought taking an elephant various .	2
a boy rides his skateboard at the park .	a girl rides his made by the scraping kabob	2
a boy rides his skateboard at the park .	a muddy man is digging at the park .	2
a boy rides his skateboard at the park .	a kid is microsoft walking during at the carnival	2
a boy rides his skateboard at the park .	a burglar peers is bought at the park runner	2
a boy rides his skateboard at the park .	a child hurries machinery is park at her bedroom	0
a boy rides his skateboard at the park .	a disc child is challenged at the park	0
a boy rides his skateboard at the park .	a child tastes intently reenactment at his racehorse .	0
a boy rides his skateboard at the park .	a child spills across is fishing his opponent .	0
a boy rides his skateboard at the park .	a child is dick along by the pile .	0
a boy rides his skateboard at the park .	a child is messing his instrument in her swing	0
a boy rides his skateboard at the park .	a child known with his personal chores at home	0
a boy rides his skateboard at the park .	a child hurries <oov> at his artifacts from a	0
a boy rides his skateboard at the park .	a child celebrates is bought at the park .	0
a boy rides his skateboard at the park .	a child hurries <oov> bin at the park .	0
a boy rides his skateboard at the park .	a child rides his skateboard from the white .	0
a boy rides his skateboard at the park .	a child lamb home along at the park	0
a boy rides his skateboard at the park .	a child resting is walking his peace coastline watch	0
a boy rides his skateboard at the park .	a child skate <oov> is scolding his parents .	0
a boy rides his skateboard at the park .	a child with vase <oov> is an exam .	0
a boy rides his skateboard at the park .	a child draws <oov> steering at his horse	0
a boy rides his skateboard at the park .	a child is developing his instrument at her .	0
a boy rides his skateboard at the park .	a child rides his stage at an sunglasses .	0
a boy rides his skateboard at the park .	a child follows bought furniture by the alone .	0
a boy rides his skateboard at the park .	a child frowning her back by his tractor .	0
a boy rides his skateboard at the park .	a child couple with fish is using his job	0
a boy rides his skateboard at the park .	a child hurries chocolate champion his from piano	0
a group of women playing volleyball indoors .	people are watching vests . .	0
two girls playing basketball .	girls are playing them .	0
two girls playing basketball .	girls are playing scrabble .	0
two girls playing basketball .	girls are playing basketball .	0
two girls playing basketball .	girls are playing cakes .	0
two girls playing basketball .	girls are playing twister . is	0
two girls playing basketball .	girls are playing cakes .	0
two girls playing basketball .	girls are playing scrabble .	0
two girls playing basketball .	girls are playing ups .	0
two girls playing basketball .	girls are playing love .	0
two girls playing basketball .	girls are playing basketball .	0
two girls playing basketball .	girls are playing sang .	0
two girls playing basketball .	girls are playing basketball .	0
two girls playing basketball .	girls are playing them .	0
two girls playing basketball .	girls are playing basketball .	0
two girls playing basketball .	girls are playing twister .	0
two girls playing basketball .	girls are playing tall .	0
two girls playing basketball .	girls are playing dominoes .	0
two girls playing basketball .	girls are playing love .	0
two girls playing basketball .	girls are playing twister .	0
two girls playing basketball .	the men are playing basketball .	2
a man is installing a roof .	a dog is on his brown old female .	2
a man is installing a roof .	a dog is on his brown make tea .	2
a man is installing a roof .	a dog is on his couch wearing quickly .	2
a man is installing a roof .	a dog is on his couch wearing alone school	2
a man is installing a roof .	a dog with his black head equipment works .	2
a man is installing a roof .	a crowd is in his sweatpants watching five year	2
a man is installing a roof .	a dog is on his couch wearing protection .	2
a man is installing a roof .	a dog on his clothes while kicking gymnast	2
a man is installing a roof .	a dog is on his lap watching human	2
a man is installing a roof .	a dog is on his lap watching mill .	2
a man is installing a roof .	a dog is on his couch watching tv .	2
a man is installing a roof .	a crowd is on his couch wearing demolished .	2
a man is installing a roof .	a dog is on his long national mattress .	2
a man is installing a roof .	a dog is on his couch wearing watching tv	2
a man is installing a roof .	a dog is on his 2 baseball uniform	2
a man is installing a roof .	a dog is on his brown old female tool	2
a man is installing a roof .	a dog is on his wearing reading bear .	2
a man is installing a roof .	a dog is on his words reading eating .	2
women in blue dress singing on stage .	a woman throws is for the first quiz dam	1
women in blue dress singing on stage .	a woman is singing a promotion skier .	1
women in blue dress singing on stage .	a woman is singing a trailer tool loom .	1
women in blue dress singing on stage .	a woman is singing a promotion while showing .	1
women in blue dress singing on stage .	a woman throws is for the first project .	1
women in blue dress singing on stage .	a woman is singing a promotion while controller .	1
women in blue dress singing on stage .	a woman throws a photographer making the belt	1
women in blue dress singing on stage .	a woman is singing a rowboat while emotion .	1
women in blue dress singing on stage .	a woman throws is for the first title .	1
women in blue dress singing on stage .	a person dressed for a rowboat destroy cleaned .	1
women in blue dress singing on stage .	a man is singing on stage .	2
women in blue dress singing on stage .	a man is singing on stage .	2
a boy on a bicycle in midair	a boy is outdoors . football	0
a boy on a bicycle in midair	a boy is outdoors .	0
a boy on a bicycle in midair	a boy is outdoors . posing	0
a boy on a bicycle in midair	a boy is outdoors .	0
a boy on a bicycle in midair	a boy is outdoors .	0
a boy on a bicycle in midair	a boy is outdoors .	0
a boy on a bicycle in midair	a boy is outdoors . `	0
a boy on a bicycle in midair	a boy is sailing a decoration horse .	2
a boy on a bicycle in midair	a boy is sailing a little carriage .	2
a boy on a bicycle in midair	a boy is sailing behind a tarp .	2
a boy on a bicycle in midair	a boy is sailing a pop chair .	2
a boy on a bicycle in midair	a boy is sailing a sale boat .	2
a boy on a bicycle in midair	a boy is sailing a hurt boat .	2
a boy on a bicycle in midair	a boy is sailing a hurt boat .	2
a boy on a bicycle in midair	a boy is sailing a book deeply .	2
a boy on a bicycle in midair	a boy is sailing a hurt boat .	2
a boy on a bicycle in midair	a boy is sailing a hurt boat .	2
a boy on a bicycle in midair	a boy is sailing behind a chair .	2
a boy on a bicycle in midair	a boy is sailing a board meat .	2
a boy on a bicycle in midair	a boy is sailing a clear .	2
a boy on a bicycle in midair	a boy is sailing a hurt ceremonies .	2
a boy on a bicycle in midair	a boy is sailing behind a plate .	2
a boy on a bicycle in midair	a boy is sailing a yellow board .	2
a boy on a bicycle in midair	a boy is sailing a mixer .	2
a boy on a bicycle in midair	a boy is sailing behind a chair .	2
a boy on a bicycle in midair	a boy is sailing a boat .	2
a boy on a bicycle in midair	a boy is sailing a magnifying boat .	2
a boy on a bicycle in midair	a boy is sailing a hurt bed .	2
a boy on a bicycle in midair	a boy is sailing a hurt boat .	2
a boy on a bicycle in midair	a boy is sailing a hurt chair .	2
a boy on a bicycle in midair	a boy is happily riding a boat .	2
a boy on a bicycle in midair	a boy is sailing a book boat .	2
a boy on a bicycle in midair	a boy is sailing a hurt world .	2
a boy on a bicycle in midair	a boy is sailing a famous office .	2
a boy on a bicycle in midair	a boy is sailing a hurt ham .	2
a boy on a bicycle in midair	a boy is sailing by a boat .	2
a boy on a bicycle in midair	a boy is sailing a bake boat .	2
a boy on a bicycle in midair	a boy is sailing a hurt world .	2
a boy on a bicycle in midair	a boy is sailing riding a horse .	2
a boy on a bicycle in midair	a boy is sailing a segway boat .	2
a boy on a bicycle in midair	a boy is sailing a famous newspaper .	2
a boy on a bicycle in midair	a boy is sailing a robber boat .	2
a boy on a bicycle in midair	a boy is sailing a yellow puppy .	2
a boy on a bicycle in midair	a boy is sailing a little cheetah .	2
a boy on a bicycle in midair	a boy is sailing a hurt water .	2
a man playing a piano	a boy is playing rummy . is	2
a man playing a piano	a boy is playing trombone . is	2
a man playing a piano	a boy is playing trombone . is	2
a man playing a piano	a boy is playing milkshake . is	2
a man playing a piano	a boy is playing emotional . basketball	2
a man playing a piano	a boy is playing trombone .	2
a man playing a piano	a boy is playing trombone . is	2
a man playing a piano	a boy is playing fisherman . 's gameboy	2
a man playing a piano	a boy is playing trombone .	2
a man playing a piano	a boy is playing graffitied . is	2
a man playing a piano	a boy is playing emotional . is	2
a man playing a piano	a boy is playing trombone . is	2
a man playing a piano	a boy is playing roulette . is	2
a man playing a piano	a boy is playing trombone . .	2
a man playing a piano	a boy is playing breasts . is	2
a man playing a piano	a boy is playing alligators .	2
a man playing a piano	a boy is playing wrestling . is	2
little girl posing for a picture .	the woman is is neat with humans paddles	1
little girl posing for a picture .	the girl is wearing school gloves pulling something .	1
little girl posing for a picture .	the competitive is getting the phone with friday .	1
little girl posing for a picture .	the girl is men with bananas colors set .	1
little girl posing for a picture .	the woman is watching thing with loss system .	1
little girl posing for a picture .	the woman is teaching to perform with patrons .	1
little girl posing for a picture .	the girl is men as his display cellist .	1
little girl posing for a picture .	the kid is shining the chinese lunch blind	1
little girl posing for a picture .	a person is winners the tonight between visitors .	1
little girl posing for a picture .	the woman is wearing the chinese every traffic .	1
little girl posing for a picture .	the girl is running to show fun sculpture .	1
little girl posing for a picture .	the woman is wearing school matching breasts colors .	1
little girl posing for a picture .	the girl is wearing school gloves texans something .	1
little girl posing for a picture .	the woman is wearing the phone every tattoo .	1
little girl posing for a picture .	the woman is witnesses with several squares lockers .	1
little girl posing for a picture .	the business is performing the dolphins with patrons .	1
a dog jumping into the air .	there is an animal jumping . woman	0
a dog jumping into the air .	there is an animal jumping . people	0
a dog jumping into the air .	there is an animal jumping . in	0
a dog jumping into the air .	there is an adult condition . <oov>	0
a dog jumping into the air .	a person waling stuff visor .	1
a dog jumping into the air .	a person adjusts up snowballs equipment . contestant	1
a dog jumping into the air .	a person element for a frisbee .	1
a dog jumping into the air .	a person strikes a juggling meat .	1
a dog jumping into the air .	a person strikes bangs to create . a	1
a dog jumping into the air .	a person bracing scales a frisbee . in	1
a dog jumping into the air .	a person skis toward a cats . has little	1
a dog jumping into the air .	a person stirs for a frisbee .	1
a dog jumping into the air .	a person leaps for a frisbee .	1
a dog jumping into the air .	a person lands for a frisbee .	1
a dog jumping into the air .	a person admiring a frisbee . to	1
a dog jumping into the air .	a person sleeps around a pool .	1
a dog jumping into the air .	a person sleeps below a frisbee . of	1
a dog jumping into the air .	a person grabs a frisbee .	1
a dog jumping into the air .	a person commits south a meal .	1
a dog jumping into the air .	a person leaps for a frisbee .	1
a dog jumping into the air .	a person ina circling a frisbee .	1
a dog jumping into the air .	a person strikes a casserole . to	1
a dog jumping into the air .	a person weeding maps for frisbee .	1
a dog jumping into the air .	a person dangles a frisbee . is	1
a dog jumping into the air .	a person caught for the frisbee .	1
a dog jumping into the air .	a person sleeps for the death .	1
a dog jumping into the air .	a person wipes for a frisbee .	1
a dog jumping into the air .	a person got a penalty . <oov>	1
a dog jumping into the air .	a person strikes stories the frisbee .	1
a dog jumping into the air .	a person struggles to spectators .	1
four african boys playing soccer .	some boys are in the swimsuit	2
four african boys playing soccer .	a motorbike youths in the ground	2
four african boys playing soccer .	some boys are in the rodeo	2
four african boys playing soccer .	a firetruck <oov> travelers the childs decorations	2
four african boys playing soccer .	a motorbike dressed in the cage	2
four african boys playing soccer .	some boys are in the childs decorations .	2
four african boys playing soccer .	a <oov> squeezing on the couch chases	2
four african boys playing soccer .	a bird eats their girlfriends the tidal	2
four african boys playing soccer .	a motorbike gentleman in the play	2
four african boys playing soccer .	some boys are in the swimsuit	2
four african boys playing soccer .	a firetruck arm on the couch	2
four african boys playing soccer .	a firetruck are in the street ground	2
four african boys playing soccer .	a bird sleeping and his ears	2
four african boys playing soccer .	a boy runs behind a factory bubble	0
four african boys playing soccer .	a boy runs a woman stepped architectural .	0
four african boys playing soccer .	a boy running down a muzzled .	0
four african boys playing soccer .	a boy runs behind a dart waterfall .	0
four african boys playing soccer .	a tall man accompanies a plaid corner	0
four african boys playing soccer .	a boy running buries a pic	0
four african boys playing soccer .	a boy runs behind a drainage flag	0
four african boys playing soccer .	a tall man down a telephone drawing	0
four african boys playing soccer .	a boy runs a third wrote mud	0
four african boys playing soccer .	a boy runs behind a japanese flag .	0
four african boys playing soccer .	a boy runs behind a third	0
four african boys playing soccer .	a bird filled a stranger little brushes	0
four african boys playing soccer .	a boy runs behind a telephone fencing .	0
four african boys playing soccer .	a bird helped arm a factory handed .	0
four african boys playing soccer .	a boy paddles a street that ball	0
four african boys playing soccer .	a bird helped behind a boy flag .	0
four african boys playing soccer .	a bird filled basketball displays a quiet	0
four african boys playing soccer .	a boy running down a hurt rollercoaster .	0
four african boys playing soccer .	some boys are running through a subway .	0
four african boys playing soccer .	a boy running down a martial arts	0
four african boys playing soccer .	a boy runs behind a cadet bodysuit	0
four african boys playing soccer .	a boy runs behind a trashcan .	0
four african boys playing soccer .	a boy running down a cement modern	0
four african boys playing soccer .	a bird helped are behind a billboard	0
four african boys playing soccer .	a boy catches a street through smaller .	0
four african boys playing soccer .	a bird helped behind a tree counter	0
four african boys playing soccer .	a boy runs a petting woman yesterday	0
four african boys playing soccer .	a boy runs behind a authorities intersection	0
four african boys playing soccer .	a tall man down a senator extended window	0
four african boys playing soccer .	a boy pops a woman marketing oil	0
four african boys playing soccer .	a boy runs a woman third cupcakes	0
four african boys playing soccer .	a boy running through a pattern lettuce	0
four african boys playing soccer .	a boy sees a street depicts broke .	0
four african boys playing soccer .	a bird running down a quiet clear	0
the indian 's are performing a sacred dance .	a women maintenance see a podium .	2
the indian 's are performing a sacred dance .	a women toupee baby theatre snuggle .	2
the indian 's are performing a sacred dance .	a barber fisherman sorting shops on .	2
the indian 's are performing a sacred dance .	a women communist greyhounds through tons .	2
the indian 's are performing a sacred dance .	a tourist shoot high through important .	2
the indian 's are performing a sacred dance .	a women hiked toothpaste above objects .	2
the indian 's are performing a sacred dance .	a women replace shovels through still . man	2
the indian 's are performing a sacred dance .	a busy fisherman sugar water beatles .	2
the indian 's are performing a sacred dance .	a women scottish had high sobbing .	2
the indian 's are performing a sacred dance .	a women beast had cross fishing .	2
the indian 's are performing a sacred dance .	a women bracelet against damaged operation .	2
the indian 's are performing a sacred dance .	a bmx streetcar examined gathered building . a	2
the indian 's are performing a sacred dance .	a women tripod objects through binoculars . frown	2
the indian 's are performing a sacred dance .	a women billboard intersection baby deeply . a	2
the indian 's are performing a sacred dance .	a women shaping baby a cafeteria .	2
the indian 's are performing a sacred dance .	a women vests painful crowded cross .	2
the indian 's are performing a sacred dance .	a women see shadows of yogurt .	2
the indian 's are performing a sacred dance .	a women completely product leave movement .	2
the indian 's are performing a sacred dance .	a bmx woman sprinting through workout .	2
the indian 's are performing a sacred dance .	a women vests had high fun .	2
the indian 's are performing a sacred dance .	a women driven gathered dim building . stirring	2
the indian 's are performing a sacred dance .	a women building children gathered into .	2
the indian 's are performing a sacred dance .	a women approaches stories of london .	2
the indian 's are performing a sacred dance .	a women see mural wires guy .	2
the indian 's are performing a sacred dance .	a women telling sleeping strength cars . tickling	2
the indian 's are performing a sacred dance .	a women ignores carrots of espresso .	2
the indian 's are performing a sacred dance .	a women skies dies company paints .	2
the indian 's are performing a sacred dance .	a tall woman received through parasailing .	2
the indian 's are performing a sacred dance .	a barber wrote high notes claim .	2
the indian 's are performing a sacred dance .	a bullfighter ignores against high boat .	2
the indian 's are performing a sacred dance .	a women jeep exists sacked high .	2
the indian 's are performing a sacred dance .	a women pause peacefully free tile .	2
the indian 's are performing a sacred dance .	a bmx crown stands under attraction . guitarists	2
the indian 's are performing a sacred dance .	a women competing well crochet race .	2
the indian 's are performing a sacred dance .	the people are dancing . .	0
the indian 's are performing a sacred dance .	the people are dancing . .	0
everyone is getting ready to play the game .	a group is buying a movie .	2
everyone is getting ready to play the game .	a group of people watch a movie .	2
everyone is getting ready to play the game .	a group of people watch a movie .	2
everyone is getting ready to play the game .	a group of people watch a movie .	2
everyone is getting ready to play the game .	a group of people watch a movie .	2
everyone is getting ready to play the game .	a group of people watch a movie .	2
everyone is getting ready to play the game .	a group of people watch a movie .	2
everyone is getting ready to play the game .	a group of people watch a movie .	2
everyone is getting ready to play the game .	a group of people share a lunch .	2
everyone is getting ready to play the game .	a group is around shining sports hall .	2
everyone is getting ready to play the game .	a group of people watch a movie .	2
everyone is getting ready to play the game .	a group of people watch a movie .	2
everyone is getting ready to play the game .	a group of people watch a movie .	2
everyone is getting ready to play the game .	<oov> to suited the crowd .	0
everyone is getting ready to play the game .	console the men surround ` . stick <oov>	0
everyone is getting ready to play the game .	to trolley is burning the race .	0
everyone is getting ready to play the game .	players <oov> to state the ? is	0
everyone is getting ready to play the game .	to man around the grass . to	0
everyone is getting ready to play the game .	<oov> reading the solid has .	0
everyone is getting ready to play the game .	people travelling to play around .	0
everyone is getting ready to play the game .	to man closing the crowd . <oov>	0
everyone is getting ready to play the game .	a greeting is kazoo around .	0
everyone is getting ready to play the game .	black man is currently play . outside	0
everyone is getting ready to play the game .	a rock attempting to play .	0
everyone is getting ready to play the game .	they people to share high-five . not the	0
everyone is getting ready to play the game .	home is currently the crowd .	0
everyone is getting ready to play the game .	people use to play games .	0
everyone is getting ready to play the game .	<oov> is selling the sewer .	0
everyone is getting ready to play the game .	<oov> sipping to man indoors . carts	0
everyone is getting ready to play the game .	sweet people to play games .	0
everyone is getting ready to play the game .	<oov> is chick to play .	0
everyone is getting ready to play the game .	to man creatures the men .	0
everyone is getting ready to play the game .	black man is unpacking the crowd .	0
everyone is getting ready to play the game .	man is catching the numerous .	0
everyone is getting ready to play the game .	men is handicapped to games . `	0
everyone is getting ready to play the game .	wednesday to man is german . to	0
everyone is getting ready to play the game .	to man silk the cat .	0
a family smiling on the couch .	people are on a couch	0
a family smiling on the couch .	people are on a couch	0
a family smiling on the couch .	people eating a motorbike and	0
a family smiling on the couch .	people are on a couch	0
a family smiling on the couch .	people eating on a couch	0
a family smiling on the couch .	people are on a couch	0
a family smiling on the couch .	people are on a couch	0
a family smiling on the couch .	people are on a couch	0
a family smiling on the couch .	people are on a couch	0
a family smiling on the couch .	people are in a bach	0
a family smiling on the couch .	people are on a couch	0
a family smiling on the couch .	people eating a bar	0
a family smiling on the couch .	people are eating a burger	0
a family smiling on the couch .	people are on a couch	0
a family smiling on the couch .	people are in a rat	0
a family smiling on the couch .	people are eating a rat	0
a family smiling on the couch .	people are on a couch	0
a family smiling on the couch .	people are in a bar	0
a family smiling on the couch .	and man on a couch	0
a family smiling on the couch .	people are in a swimsuit	0
a family smiling on the couch .	people are in a bar	0
a family smiling on the couch .	people are eating a rat	0
a family smiling on the couch .	people are eating in grilling	0
a family smiling on the couch .	people eating a on eachother	0
a family smiling on the couch .	people are in a bar	0
people in motion down a city sidewalk .	a man walking to an event .	1
people in motion down a city sidewalk .	a woman walking to an event . attach	1
people in motion down a city sidewalk .	a woman walking to an event . people	1
people in motion down a city sidewalk .	a woman walking to an event . <oov>	1
people in motion down a city sidewalk .	the man are walking to receive .	1
people in motion down a city sidewalk .	a woman walking to an event . to	1
people in motion down a city sidewalk .	a people are walking to observed .	1
people in motion down a city sidewalk .	a woman walking to an event . people	1
people in motion down a city sidewalk .	a woman walking to an event . people	1
people in motion down a city sidewalk .	a people are walking to headphones .	1
people in motion down a city sidewalk .	a woman walking to an event . <oov>	1
people in motion down a city sidewalk .	a rock walking black several cattle .	1
people in motion down a city sidewalk .	a people are walking to texting .	1
people in motion down a city sidewalk .	a people are walking to be .	1
people in motion down a city sidewalk .	a woman walking to an event . boy	1
people in motion down a city sidewalk .	a woman walking to an event . <oov>	1
people in motion down a city sidewalk .	a people are walking to buses .	1
people in motion down a city sidewalk .	woman walking around to an event . <oov>	1
people in motion down a city sidewalk .	a woman walking to an event . people	1
people in motion down a city sidewalk .	a woman walking to an event . people	1
people in motion down a city sidewalk .	a man walking to an event . to	1
people in motion down a city sidewalk .	a woman walking to an event . from	1
people in motion down a city sidewalk .	a woman walking to an event . onward	1
people in motion down a city sidewalk .	a woman walking to an event . people	1
people in motion down a city sidewalk .	the man are walking to greece .	1
people in motion down a city sidewalk .	a woman walking to an event . a	1
people in motion down a city sidewalk .	woman walking a noodle not door .	1
people in motion down a city sidewalk .	woman walking to <oov> car driver .	1
people in motion down a city sidewalk .	a woman walking to an event . <oov>	1
people in motion down a city sidewalk .	woman is wearing a winter talent .	1
people in motion down a city sidewalk .	woman wearing a walking hat . the	1
people in motion down a city sidewalk .	woman she brushed to feeding wild .	1
people in motion down a city sidewalk .	the dog is yellow outdoors . is	0
people in motion down a city sidewalk .	people walk down a sidewalk . .	0
people in motion down a city sidewalk .	people walk down a sidewalk . down	0
people in motion down a city sidewalk .	the dog is launch to . .	0
people in motion down a city sidewalk .	people walk down a tsunami . to	0
people in motion down a city sidewalk .	the dog is panting to . crowd	0
people in motion down a city sidewalk .	the dog is grilling steaks . a	0
people in motion down a city sidewalk .	the dog is grew range . biplane	0
people in motion down a city sidewalk .	the dog is pops lumber . to	0
people in motion down a city sidewalk .	people walk down a sidewalk . .	0
people in motion down a city sidewalk .	people walk down a sidewalk . .	0
people in motion down a city sidewalk .	the dog is crowded sang .	0
people in motion down a city sidewalk .	people walk down a ben . donkeys cookie	0
people in motion down a city sidewalk .	someone is riding a crowded . to	0
people in motion down a city sidewalk .	people walk down a waterfront . to	0
people in motion down a city sidewalk .	people walk down a coast .	0
people in motion down a city sidewalk .	the dog is burned to . .	0
people in motion down a city sidewalk .	the dog is crowded to . .	0
people in motion down a city sidewalk .	the dog is defender shelves . across public	0
people in motion down a city sidewalk .	the dog is brand jumper . to	0
people in motion down a city sidewalk .	people walk down a sidewalk . outside	0
people in motion down a city sidewalk .	people walk down a sidewalk . a	0
people in motion down a city sidewalk .	the dog is brand brazilian . is teaching	0
people in motion down a city sidewalk .	the dog is crowded dresser .	0
people in motion down a city sidewalk .	the dog is crowded leader .	0
a person obscured in shadow in a gymnasium .	the person is trying to be <oov> .	1
a person obscured in shadow in a gymnasium .	a person is the cabin posed on the ball .	2
a person obscured in shadow in a gymnasium .	the person is the asian lady above the case	2
a person obscured in shadow in a gymnasium .	the hippie is a plain floor the animals .	2
a person obscured in shadow in a gymnasium .	the person is the asian marathon with blond-hair .	2
a person obscured in shadow in a gymnasium .	a person is a picnic near the ground .	2
a person obscured in shadow in a gymnasium .	a person is the cabin eating camera off .	2
a person obscured in shadow in a gymnasium .	the person is a stretching working on it .	2
a person obscured in shadow in a gymnasium .	a person is an asian lady attending the session	2
a person obscured in shadow in a gymnasium .	the guy is playing a cartoon and mattress .	2
a person obscured in shadow in a gymnasium .	the person is a sad cabin and leprechaun .	2
a person obscured in shadow in a gymnasium .	the person is the asian alley on the beach .	2
a person obscured in shadow in a gymnasium .	the casual is eating strawberries the asian lemon .	2
a person obscured in shadow in a gymnasium .	the eating is a vampire helps the dryer .	2
a person obscured in shadow in a gymnasium .	the person is the asian water and yells .	2
a person obscured in shadow in a gymnasium .	the solider is eating the dealer fliers a marathon	2
a person obscured in shadow in a gymnasium .	the guy is eating pork for the marathon .	2
a person obscured in shadow in a gymnasium .	the lady in a railway is mans fetching .	2
a person obscured in shadow in a gymnasium .	the brothers is eating chili the sun sitting .	2
the 3 dogs are cruising down the street .	a family is spinning nigerian	2
the 3 dogs are cruising down the street .	a family is sowing	2
the 3 dogs are cruising down the street .	a family is sewing queen	2
the 3 dogs are cruising down the street .	a family mourns construction equipment	2
the 3 dogs are cruising down the street .	a family is peeling somebody	2
the 3 dogs are cruising down the street .	a family marketplace poorly equipment	2
the 3 dogs are cruising down the street .	a family is flexible terrified	2
the 3 dogs are cruising down the street .	a family is wet equipment	2
the 3 dogs are cruising down the street .	a family is sewing hygiene	2
the 3 dogs are cruising down the street .	a family is spinning flyers	2
the 3 dogs are cruising down the street .	a family is passionately lights	2
the 3 dogs are cruising down the street .	a family members wearing flexible	2
the 3 dogs are cruising down the street .	a family is flexible somebody	2
the 3 dogs are cruising down the street .	a family is supporting equipment	2
the 3 dogs are cruising down the street .	a family is terrified resting	2
the 3 dogs are cruising down the street .	a family is sewing fur	2
the 3 dogs are cruising down the street .	a family is spinning about	2
the 3 dogs are cruising down the street .	a family is sewing resting	2
the 3 dogs are cruising down the street .	a family is sewing lights	2
the 3 dogs are cruising down the street .	a family is flexible resting	2
the 3 dogs are cruising down the street .	a family is persons standing .	2
the 3 dogs are cruising down the street .	a family is terrified resting	2
the 3 dogs are cruising down the street .	a family is extremely hot	2
the 3 dogs are cruising down the street .	three painters together	0
the 3 dogs are cruising down the street .	three males together	0
the 3 dogs are cruising down the street .	three patron on bikes	0
the 3 dogs are cruising down the street .	three accepting together	0
the 3 dogs are cruising down the street .	three girls together	0
the 3 dogs are cruising down the street .	three painters are riding	0
the 3 dogs are cruising down the street .	three dogs together	0
the 3 dogs are cruising down the street .	three girls sign vehicles	0
the 3 dogs are cruising down the street .	three painters together	0
the 3 dogs are cruising down the street .	three males together	0
the 3 dogs are cruising down the street .	three girls together	0
the 3 dogs are cruising down the street .	three bikes on poles	0
the 3 dogs are cruising down the street .	three painters together	0
the 3 dogs are cruising down the street .	three mounted again	0
the 3 dogs are cruising down the street .	three painters together	0
the 3 dogs are cruising down the street .	three girls together	0
the 3 dogs are cruising down the street .	three painters on together	0
the 3 dogs are cruising down the street .	three girls together	0
the 3 dogs are cruising down the street .	three girls together	0
the 3 dogs are cruising down the street .	three girls together	0
the 3 dogs are cruising down the street .	three dogs together	0
the 3 dogs are cruising down the street .	three canines on bikes	0
the 3 dogs are cruising down the street .	three girls together	0
the 3 dogs are cruising down the street .	three girls together	0
the 3 dogs are cruising down the street .	three girls together	0
the 3 dogs are cruising down the street .	three painters together	0
the 3 dogs are cruising down the street .	three girls together	0
the 3 dogs are cruising down the street .	three rival sing	0
the 3 dogs are cruising down the street .	three painters together	0
the 3 dogs are cruising down the street .	three girls together	0
the 3 dogs are cruising down the street .	three rollerskater together	0
the 3 dogs are cruising down the street .	three girls together	0
the 3 dogs are cruising down the street .	three dogs together	0
the 3 dogs are cruising down the street .	three girls together	0
the 3 dogs are cruising down the street .	three wheeler together	0
the 3 dogs are cruising down the street .	three girls together	0
the 3 dogs are cruising down the street .	three canines on bikes	0
the 3 dogs are cruising down the street .	three painters are riding	0
the 3 dogs are cruising down the street .	a family of dogs fighting down the street .	1
the 3 dogs are cruising down the street .	a family of dogs fighting quietly the ground	1
the 3 dogs are cruising down the street .	a family of dogs upright down the street .	1
the 3 dogs are cruising down the street .	a family of dogs fighting and down fishing .	1
the 3 dogs are cruising down the street .	a family of dogs biting and some dancers	1
the 3 dogs are cruising down the street .	a family of dogs biting and some bikers .	1
the 3 dogs are cruising down the street .	a family of dogs throwing the pig surfboard .	1
the 3 dogs are cruising down the street .	a family of dogs fighting on the ground .	1
the 3 dogs are cruising down the street .	a family of dogs biting and tongs by a	1
the 3 dogs are cruising down the street .	a family of dogs fifteen down the street .	1
the 3 dogs are cruising down the street .	a family of dogs minnesota and black wheels	1
the 3 dogs are cruising down the street .	a family of dogs tug down the street .	1
the 3 dogs are cruising down the street .	a family of dogs cinderella and some toys	1
the 3 dogs are cruising down the street .	a family of dogs fighting down the street	1
the 3 dogs are cruising down the street .	a family of dogs tug on the backseat .	1
the 3 dogs are cruising down the street .	a family of adults pounds quietly the board .	1
a boy <oov> a ball with a bat .	the man is swinging a bat .	0
a boy <oov> a ball with a bat .	the man is swinging a dead .	0
a boy <oov> a ball with a bat .	the man is swinging a bat .	0
a boy <oov> a ball with a bat .	the man is playing a dead bat .	0
a boy <oov> a ball with a bat .	the man is around a sleepy .	0
a boy <oov> a ball with a bat .	the man is swinging a bat .	0
a boy <oov> a ball with a bat .	the man is swinging a dead .	0
a boy <oov> a ball with a bat .	the man is swinging a bat .	0
a boy <oov> a ball with a bat .	the man is swinging a beauty .	0
a boy <oov> a ball with a bat .	the man is swinging a bat .	0
a boy <oov> a ball with a bat .	the man is swinging a beauty .	0
a boy <oov> a ball with a bat .	the man is swinging a bat .	0
a boy <oov> a ball with a bat .	the man is swinging a bat .	0
a man looking out of his window .	a man strokes sky on the transportation .	0
a man looking out of his window .	a man strums protesters on his attraction .	0
a man looking out of his window .	a man operates his short-sleeve blows road .	0
a man looking out of his window .	a man operates his reflection to fishing .	0
a man looking out of his window .	a man tambourines ornaments his signs art .	0
a man looking out of his window .	a man operates intently his handrail belts .	0
a man looking out of his window .	a man hosts fake throught his bridge .	0
a man looking out of his window .	a man operates glides on his curb .	0
a man looking out of his window .	a man operates fanning his client gather .	0
a man looking out of his window .	a man operates their double not awake .	0
a man looking out of his window .	a man inspects retrievers on his skateboard .	0
a man looking out of his window .	a man operates out his kite 5k .	0
a man looking out of his window .	a man operates his nails storage away .	0
a man looking out of his window .	a man operates their desks by bongos .	0
a man looking out of his window .	a man rollerskating his bag terrible shed .	0
a man looking out of his window .	a man strolls out his retreat mango .	0
a man looking out of his window .	a man glides cigars his t signs .	0
a man looking out of his window .	a man shooting his reflection against road .	0
a man looking out of his window .	a man operates their normal his london	0
a man looking out of his window .	a man choosing elephants on his leather .	0
a man looking out of his window .	a man operates compared his board shop .	0
a man looking out of his window .	a man present scattered is his eyes .	0
a man looking out of his window .	a man operates their own skateboard section .	0
a man looking out of his window .	a man operates their own waving bell .	0
a man looking out of his window .	a man tacos out his writer instrument .	0
a man looking out of his window .	a man operates his reflection against niece controls	0
a man looking out of his window .	a man talked sandals on his punch .	0
a man looking out of his window .	a man inspects reindeer outside his farmer .	0
a man looking out of his window .	a man operates worshipping outside of jeans .	0
a man looking out of his window .	a man operates their shift his daddy .	0
a man looking out of his window .	a man operates their parachuting against art .	0
a man looking out of his window .	a man regrets down his herd shop .	0
a baby sitting in a highchair looking <oov> .	the baby is all well . from	2
a baby sitting in a highchair looking <oov> .	the baby is crying . a	2
a baby sitting in a highchair looking <oov> .	the baby is crying .	2
a baby sitting in a highchair looking <oov> .	a baby is crying .	2
a baby sitting in a highchair looking <oov> .	the baby is all well . to a	2
a baby sitting in a highchair looking <oov> .	the baby is all well . <oov>	2
a baby sitting in a highchair looking <oov> .	the baby is crying . is	2
a baby sitting in a highchair looking <oov> .	the baby is crying .	2
a baby sitting in a highchair looking <oov> .	the baby is crying . to	2
a baby sitting in a highchair looking <oov> .	the baby is all directions .	2
a baby sitting in a highchair looking <oov> .	a baby is crying .	2
a baby sitting in a highchair looking <oov> .	the baby is crying .	2
a baby sitting in a highchair looking <oov> .	the baby is crying .	2
a baby sitting in a highchair looking <oov> .	the baby is crying .	2
a baby sitting in a highchair looking <oov> .	a baby is crying .	2
a baby sitting in a highchair looking <oov> .	the baby is crying .	2
a baby sitting in a highchair looking <oov> .	the baby is crying .	2
a baby sitting in a highchair looking <oov> .	the baby is crying .	2
a baby sitting in a highchair looking <oov> .	the baby is crying . from	2
a baby sitting in a highchair looking <oov> .	the baby is crying .	2
a baby sitting in a highchair looking <oov> .	the baby is crying . to	2
a baby sitting in a highchair looking <oov> .	a baby is crying .	2
a baby sitting in a highchair looking <oov> .	the baby is all monk . a	2
a baby sitting in a highchair looking <oov> .	a baby is crying .	2
a baby sitting in a highchair looking <oov> .	the baby is crying .	2
a baby sitting in a highchair looking <oov> .	the baby is crying .	2
a baby sitting in a highchair looking <oov> .	the baby is crying . is	2
a baby sitting in a highchair looking <oov> .	the baby is crying .	2
a baby sitting in a highchair looking <oov> .	the baby is all well . <oov> order	2
a baby sitting in a highchair looking <oov> .	the baby is all . attach wire	2
a baby sitting in a highchair looking <oov> .	the baby is crying .	2
a baby sitting in a highchair looking <oov> .	the baby is all commits .	2
a baby sitting in a highchair looking <oov> .	the baby is crying . is	2
a baby sitting in a highchair looking <oov> .	the baby is all well . <oov>	2
a baby sitting in a highchair looking <oov> .	the baby is crying .	2
two people sitting on the sand .	the people are standing .	2
two people sitting on the sand .	the people are standing .	2
two people sitting on the sand .	the people are standing .	2
two people sitting on the sand .	the people are standing .	2
two people sitting on the sand .	the dog are standing . .	2
two people sitting on the sand .	the people are standing .	2
two people sitting on the sand .	the people are standing .	2
two people sitting on the sand .	the dog are standing . .	2
two people sitting on the sand .	the people are standing .	2
two people sitting on the sand .	the people are standing .	2
two people sitting on the sand .	the people are standing .	2
two people sitting on the sand .	the people are standing . outdoors	2
two people sitting on the sand .	the people are standing .	2
two people sitting on the sand .	the people are standing .	2
two people sitting on the sand .	the people are standing .	2
two people sitting on the sand .	the people are standing .	2
two people sitting on the sand .	the people are standing .	2
two people sitting on the sand .	the people are standing .	2
two people sitting on the sand .	the people are standing .	2
two people sitting on the sand .	the people are standing .	2
two people sitting on the sand .	the people are standing .	2
two people sitting on the sand .	the people are standing .	2
two people sitting on the sand .	the men are standing .	2
two people sitting on the sand .	the people are standing .	2
two people sitting on the sand .	the people are standing .	2
two people sitting on the sand .	the people are standing .	2
two people sitting on the sand .	the people are standing .	2
two people sitting on the sand .	the people are standing .	2
two people sitting on the sand .	the people are standing .	2
two people sitting on the sand .	the people are standing .	2
two people sitting on the sand .	the people are standing .	2
two people sitting on the sand .	the people are standing .	2
two people sitting on the sand .	the people are standing .	2
two people sitting on the sand .	the people are standing .	2
two people sitting on the sand .	the people are standing .	2
two people sitting on the sand .	the people are standing .	2
two people sitting on the sand .	the people are standing .	2
two people sitting on the sand .	the people are standing .	2
two people sitting on the sand .	there are two men above down .	0
two people sitting on the sand .	there are two men riding down .	0
two people sitting on the sand .	there are two men riding down .	0
two people sitting on the sand .	there are two people sitting down .	0
two people sitting on the sand .	there are two men riding down .	0
two people sitting on the sand .	there are two men above down .	0
two people sitting on the sand .	there are two men riding bike .	0
two people sitting on the sand .	there are two men cafe down .	0
two people sitting on the sand .	there are two men riding down .	0
two people sitting on the sand .	there are two people sitting down .	0
two people sitting on the sand .	there are two men above down .	0
two people sitting on the sand .	there are two men groups down .	0
two people sitting on the sand .	there are two men cross down .	0
two people sitting on the sand .	there are two men above down .	0
two people sitting on the sand .	there are two men learning down .	0
two people sitting on the sand .	there are two men cafe down .	0
two people sitting on the sand .	there are two men riding down .	0
two people sitting on the sand .	there are two men riding down .	0
two people sitting on the sand .	there are two men riding down .	0
two people sitting on the sand .	there are two men direct down .	0
two people sitting on the sand .	there are two men rolling down .	0
two people sitting on the sand .	there are two men riding down .	0
two people sitting on the sand .	there are two men riding down .	0
two people sitting on the sand .	there are two men wrestling down .	0
two people sitting on the sand .	there are two men riding down .	0
two people sitting on the sand .	there are two men riding down .	0
two people sitting on the sand .	there are two men riding down .	0
two people sitting on the sand .	there are two men rolling down .	0
two people sitting on the sand .	there are two men above some .	0
two people sitting on the sand .	there are two men learning down .	0
two people sitting on the sand .	there are two men riding down .	0
two people sitting on the sand .	there are two men riding down .	0
two people sitting on the sand .	there are two men doing champagne .	0
two people sitting on the sand .	there are two men groups red .	0
two people sitting on the sand .	there are two men doing built .	0
two people sitting on the sand .	there are two men rolling down .	0
two people sitting on the sand .	there are two men above down .	0
two people sitting on the sand .	there are two men riding down .	0
two people sitting on the sand .	there are two men riding down .	0
two people sitting on the sand .	there are two people at the beach .	1
two little boys are standing in a kitchen .	they are going to get down	1
two little boys are standing in a kitchen .	they are going to get weed	1
two little boys are standing in a kitchen .	they are going to get down	1
two little boys are standing in a kitchen .	the boys are climbing a boardwalk . young	2
two little boys are standing in a kitchen .	the boys are climbing a child .	2
two little boys are standing in a kitchen .	the boys are climbing a .	2
two little boys are standing in a kitchen .	the craftsman are climbing a tree . and	2
two little boys are standing in a kitchen .	the boys are climbing a tree .	2
two little boys are standing in a kitchen .	the boys are climbing a rack .	2
two little boys are standing in a kitchen .	the boys are climbing a grandkids .	2
two little boys are standing in a kitchen .	the boys are climbing a tree .	2
two little boys are standing in a kitchen .	the basking are climbing a cliff .	2
two little boys are standing in a kitchen .	the boys are climbing a cliff . .	2
two little boys are standing in a kitchen .	the boys are climbing a cliff .	2
two little boys are standing in a kitchen .	the helped are climbing a cliff .	2
two little boys are standing in a kitchen .	the boys are climbing a boardwalk .	2
two little boys are standing in a kitchen .	the boys are climbing a tree .	2
two little boys are standing in a kitchen .	the boys are climbing a motor .	2
two little boys are standing in a kitchen .	the boys are climbing a player .	2
two little boys are standing in a kitchen .	the boys are climbing a tree .	2
two little boys are standing in a kitchen .	the boys are climbing a cliff .	2
two little boys are standing in a kitchen .	the boys are climbing a cliff .	2
two little boys are standing in a kitchen .	the boys are climbing a player .	2
two little boys are standing in a kitchen .	the boys are climbing a player .	2
two little boys are standing in a kitchen .	the number woman tennis a . <oov>	2
two little boys are standing in a kitchen .	the boys are climbing a . a	2
two little boys are standing in a kitchen .	the boys are climbing a .	2
two little boys are standing in a kitchen .	the boys are climbing a meteor .	2
two little boys are standing in a kitchen .	the boys are climbing a .	2
two little boys are standing in a kitchen .	the boys are climbing a player .	2
two little boys are standing in a kitchen .	the boys are climbing a tree .	2
two little boys are standing in a kitchen .	the boys are climbing a .	2
two little boys are standing in a kitchen .	the boys are climbing a cliff .	2
two little boys are standing in a kitchen .	the craftsman are climbing a tree .	2
two little boys are standing in a kitchen .	the boys are climbing a hayride .	2
two little boys are standing in a kitchen .	the boys are climbing a player .	2
two little boys are standing in a kitchen .	the boys are climbing a tree .	2
two little boys are standing in a kitchen .	the boys are climbing a cliff .	2
two little boys are standing in a kitchen .	the boys are climbing a cliff .	2
two little boys are standing in a kitchen .	the boys are climbing a cliff .	2
two little boys are standing in a kitchen .	the boys are climbing a battleship .	2
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a man playing . . .	0
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a man playing . . .	0
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a man standing . is .	0
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a man playing . .	0
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a man playing . . .	0
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a man is .	0
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a man laughing . is turkey	0
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a man laughing . is football	0
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a man standing . .	0
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a person blues . is a	0
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a man playing . .	0
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a man playing . . .	0
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a man works . .	0
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a man playing . . .	0
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a man is standing .	0
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a man playing . . .	0
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a man playing . . .	0
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a man playing . . .	0
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a man swiming .	0
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a man playing . . .	0
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a man laughing . . is	0
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a man laughing . is football	0
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a man is .	0
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a man standing . is jersey	0
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a man playing . . .	0
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a man laughing . . is	0
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a man floats .	0
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a man playing . . . turkey	0
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a man patiently . . is	0
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a man playing . . .	0
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a man playing . . .	0
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a man playing . . long	0
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a man playing . . .	0
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a man playing . .	0
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a man playing . . .	0
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a man playing . . .	0
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a man playing . .	0
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a man playing . . .	0
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a man drinking alcohol the at gathering .	2
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a man tried while is out .	2
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a man drinking while is angrily .	2
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a man legs while is angrily .	2
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a man waterskis while the audience .	2
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a man drinking mad by the husband .	2
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a man balancing is making the dough .	2
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a man drinking heavily is busy together .	2
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a man drinking concession is the out .	2
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a man drinking is making presents .	2
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a man carnival is making the shaft .	2
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a man drinking she is kettle .	2
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a man carnival is making his audience .	2
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a man secures while is out .	2
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a man crying is eating the pig .	2
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a man shaves while is angrily .	2
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a man drinking while is out .	2
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a man skills backwards at the ground .	2
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a man drinking she is feeling out .	2
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a man tried while is businessmen .	2
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a man drinking tongue their hotel .	2
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a man drinking while is freshly out .	2
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a man drinking is making the dough .	2
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a person is playing eating a restaurant .	1
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a person is eating at a restaurant .	1
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a person is playing eating a restaurant .	1
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a person is eating at a restaurant .	1
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a person is eating at a restaurant .	1
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a person is playing eating a restaurant .	1
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a person is playing eating a restaurant .	1
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a person is eating public at a restaurant .	1
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a person is playing eating a restaurant .	1
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a person is playing on a long job .	1
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a person is playing eating a restaurant .	1
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a person is playing eating a restaurant .	1
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a person is eating pickles at a restaurant .	1
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a person is eating at a restaurant .	1
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a person is playing eating a restaurant .	1
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a person is eating at a restaurant .	1
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a person is playing eating a restaurant .	1
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a person crowd is eating at a restaurant .	1
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a person is eating at a restaurant .	1
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a person is playing eating a restaurant .	1
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a person is eating at a restaurant .	1
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a person is playing eating a restaurant .	1
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a person is playing eating a restaurant .	1
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a person is walked at a restaurant together .	1
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a person is playing eating a restaurant .	1
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a person is playing eating a restaurant .	1
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a person is playing eating a restaurant floor .	1
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a person is playing a eating out together .	1
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a person is eating a restaurant eating .	1
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a person is playing another eating a restaurant .	1
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a person is playing eating a restaurant .	1
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a person is eating at a restaurant .	1
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a person is playing eating a restaurant aircraft together	1
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a person is eating elder at a restaurant .	1
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a person is eating at a restaurant .	1
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a person is playing eating a restaurant .	1
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a person is playing eating a restaurant .	1
a man laughing while at a restaurant .	a person is playing eating a restaurant together .	1
people sitting on benches in a public area .	there were around a table while camping outside .	2
people sitting on benches in a public area .	there and no adults at home zone kids .	2
people sitting on benches in a public area .	there is a person grabbing by camping gear	2
people sitting on benches in a public area .	there is a man processing sharpening three gear .	2
people sitting on benches in a public area .	there were a person riding rubber in mittens	2
people sitting on benches in a public area .	there were a person riding at orange <oov> .	2
people sitting on benches in a public area .	there is a no quartet in their attire	2
people sitting on benches in a public area .	there is a stripper do n't making faces	2
people sitting on benches in a public area .	there is a man happy home looking all	2
people sitting on benches in a public area .	there is a waterskiing racing home performers fire	2
people sitting on benches in a public area .	there is a person do in wimbledon town .	2
people sitting on benches in a public area .	there were a person riding into town talking .	2
people sitting on benches in a public area .	there is a persons table while eye glasses .	2
people sitting on benches in a public area .	there is a person feeding city in town .	2
people sitting on benches in a public area .	there and a no streets in travelling ikea store	2
people sitting on benches in a public area .	there is a persons table while headgear sky	2
people sitting on benches in a public area .	there were a person riding into town talking .	2
people sitting on benches in a public area .	there were a person riding meat in shoving	2
people sitting on benches in a public area .	there 's a lunchtime by more other <oov> .	2
people sitting on benches in a public area .	there is a banner sweeps always in bed	2
people sitting on benches in a public area .	there is a steers feeding while camping gear	2
people sitting on benches in a public area .	there is a man pulled descent final throat .	2
people sitting on benches in a public area .	there are no hats fishing playing world making .	2
people sitting on benches in a public area .	there to no a receptionist each other in office	2
people sitting on benches in a public area .	there were a person riding sounds in city .	2
people sitting on benches in a public area .	there is a sampling covered thing castle public	2
people sitting on benches in a public area .	there is a blond white ship while camping	2
people sitting on benches in a public area .	there is a persons table while relax gear	2
people sitting on benches in a public area .	there are people on a mowed outdoors . .	0
a man is giving a presentation .	a man gives sowing	0
a man is giving a presentation .	a man gives contemplating perusing	0
a man is giving a presentation .	a man gives doubles .	0
a man is giving a presentation .	a man planting fruits	0
a man is giving a presentation .	a man gives crafts	0
a man is giving a presentation .	a man gives crafts	0
a man is giving a presentation .	a man gives melting	0
a man is giving a presentation .	a man gives divorce	0
a man is giving a presentation .	a man gives presentation	0
a man is giving a presentation .	a man gives captures	0
a man is giving a presentation .	a man gives crafts	0
a man is giving a presentation .	a man gives box	0
a man is giving a presentation .	a man gives lumber	0
a man is giving a presentation .	a man gives quality	0
a man is giving a presentation .	a man planting filthy	0
a man is giving a presentation .	a man gives peanuts	0
a man is giving a presentation .	a man gives cargo	0
a man is giving a presentation .	a man gives let	0
a man is giving a presentation .	a man gives shots	0
a man is giving a presentation .	a man gives lounges	0
a man is giving a presentation .	a man gives choice	0
a man is giving a presentation .	a man gives artistic	0
a man is giving a presentation .	a man gives crafts	0
a man is giving a presentation .	a man gives souvenirs	0
a man is giving a presentation .	a man gives lumber	0
a man is giving a presentation .	a man gives massages	0
a man is giving a presentation .	a man smells denim	0
a man is giving a presentation .	a man gives vertically	0
a man is giving a presentation .	a man gives prostitutes	0
a man is giving a presentation .	a man gives makeshift	0
a man is giving a presentation .	a man gives lounges	0
a man is giving a presentation .	a man gave mix	0
a man is giving a presentation .	a man gives enthusiasts	0
a man is giving a presentation .	a man gives costumed	0
a man is giving a presentation .	a man gives irritated a	0
a man is giving a presentation .	a man gives death	0
a man is giving a presentation .	a man gives spreading	0
a man is giving a presentation .	a man gives ranch	0
a man is giving a presentation .	a man gives motorists	0
a man is giving a presentation .	the man is a farmer	1
a man is giving a presentation .	the man is a farmer	1
children playing a video game together .	the kids are at the table and eating .	2
children playing a video game together .	the kids are at the table eating calls .	2
children playing a video game together .	the kids are at the table eating skated .	2
children playing a video game together .	the kids are at the table eating their communication	2
children playing a video game together .	the kids are at the table and eating .	2
children playing a video game together .	the kids are at the table and eating .	2
children playing a video game together .	the kids are at the shivering table eating	2
children playing a video game together .	the kids are at the start and decorations event	2
children playing a video game together .	the kids are at the table eating dinner .	2
children playing a video game together .	the kids are at the table eating dinner .	2
children playing a video game together .	the man feels dinner and holding an occasion .	2
children playing a video game together .	the kids are at the block healthy girls	2
children playing a video game together .	the kids are at the table eating string	2
children playing a video game together .	the kids are at the table eating dinner .	2
children playing a video game together .	the kids are at the table eating incline .	2
children playing a video game together .	the kids are at the table eating jenga .	2
children playing a video game together .	the kids are at the table eating burger .	2
children playing a video game together .	the kids are at the table and eating .	2
children playing a video game together .	the kids are at the table and eating .	2
children playing a video game together .	the kids are at the altar table eating .	2
children playing a video game together .	the kids are at the table eating salads .	2
children playing a video game together .	the kids are at the table and eating .	2
children playing a video game together .	the man staff at the table are eating .	2
children playing a video game together .	the kids are at the movies table eating .	2
children playing a video game together .	the kids are at the table and eating .	2
children playing a video game together .	the kids are at the mall 's father .	2
children playing a video game together .	the kids are at the table and eating steak .	2
children playing a video game together .	the kids are at the community days father .	2
children playing a video game together .	the kids are at the table eating off .	2
children playing a video game together .	the kids are at the mall 's father .	2
children playing a video game together .	the kids are retrieving the table eating pizza .	2
children playing a video game together .	the kids are at the table eating plates	2
children playing a video game together .	the kids are at the table and eating .	2
children playing a video game together .	the kids are at the table eating and case	2
children playing a video game together .	the children are having fun .	1
children playing a video game together .	children are having gotten ponchos .	1
children playing a video game together .	two children are having fun .	1
children playing a video game together .	children are putting swimming out together .	1
children playing a video game together .	the children are having fun .	1
children playing a video game together .	children are having conversation take .	1
children playing a video game together .	the children are having fun .	1
children playing a video game together .	two children are having fun .	1
children playing a video game together .	the children are having fun .	1
children playing a video game together .	the children are having fun .	1
children playing a video game together .	children are little boy together . outside	1
children playing a video game together .	children are attempt hydrant hike .	1
children playing a video game together .	the children are having fun .	1
children playing a video game together .	children are having bound down .	1
children playing a video game together .	the children are having fun .	1
children playing a video game together .	children are shouting their meals together . shown	1
children playing a video game together .	the children are having fun .	1
children playing a video game together .	the children are having fun .	1
children playing a video game together .	the children are having fun together .	1
children playing a video game together .	the children are having fun .	1
children playing a video game together .	the children are having fun .	1
children playing a video game together .	the children are having fun .	1
children playing a video game together .	children are n't having fun together .	1
children playing a video game together .	children are shouting having fun together .	1
children playing a video game together .	children are n't having fun together . <oov>	1
children playing a video game together .	children are uniformed having fun .	1
children playing a video game together .	children are ordering chocolate abandoned .	1
children playing a video game together .	children are violinists grain log .	1
children playing a video game together .	the children are having fun .	1
children playing a video game together .	the children are having fun .	1
children playing a video game together .	the children are having fun together .	1
children playing a video game together .	the children are having fun .	1
children playing a video game together .	the children are having fun .	1
children playing a video game together .	children are little boy together . <oov>	1
children playing a video game together .	children are crossing having fun .	1
children playing a video game together .	the children are having fun .	1
children playing a video game together .	children are tears having fun .	1
children playing a video game together .	the children are having fun .	1
children playing a video game together .	children are little boy together . <oov>	1
a group of boys playing street soccer .	a group of boys are cleaning down .	2
a group of boys playing street soccer .	a group of boys are sitting down .	2
a group of boys playing street soccer .	a group of boys are sitting down .	2
a group of boys playing street soccer .	a group of boys are sitting down .	2
a group of boys playing street soccer .	a group of street players are packaging .	2
a group of boys playing street soccer .	a group of boys are running down .	2
a group of boys playing street soccer .	a group of boys are running down .	2
a group of boys playing street soccer .	a group of boys are sitting down .	2
a group of boys playing street soccer .	a group of boys are sitting down .	2
a group of boys playing street soccer .	a group of boys are sitting down .	2
a group of boys playing street soccer .	a group of boys are sitting down .	2
a group of boys playing street soccer .	a group of boys are sitting down .	2
a group of boys playing street soccer .	a group of boys are strumming down .	2
a group of boys playing street soccer .	a group of boys are running down .	2
a group of boys playing street soccer .	a group of boys are sitting down .	2
a group of boys playing street soccer .	a group of boys are strumming some .	2
a group of boys playing street soccer .	a hockey is playing street .	1
a group of boys playing street soccer .	a waiter is playing street .	1
a group of boys playing street soccer .	a team is playing street .	1
a group of boys playing street soccer .	a team is playing street well .	1
a group of boys playing street soccer .	a team is playing street well .	1
a group of boys playing street soccer .	a team is playing street .	1
a group of boys playing street soccer .	a dog is playing street .	1
a group of boys playing street soccer .	a boots is on love .	1
a group of boys playing street soccer .	a somersault is playing street buildings .	1
a group of boys playing street soccer .	a hockey is playing street well .	1
a group of boys playing street soccer .	a team is playing street .	1
a group of boys playing street soccer .	a team is playing street .	1
a group of boys playing street soccer .	a team is playing street well .	1
a group of boys playing street soccer .	a team is playing street .	1
a group of boys playing street soccer .	a carpenter is playing street .	1
a group of boys playing street soccer .	a team is playing street well .	1
a group of boys playing street soccer .	a grandfather is playing street .	1
a group of boys playing street soccer .	a team is playing street well .	1
a group of boys playing street soccer .	a small is playing street now .	1
a group of boys playing street soccer .	a bat is playing street .	1
a group of boys playing street soccer .	a dog is playing soccer .	1
a group of boys playing street soccer .	a dog is playing street championships .	1
a group of boys playing street soccer .	a dog is playing street .	1
a group of boys playing street soccer .	a dog is playing street .	1
a group of boys playing street soccer .	a team is playing street .	1
a group of boys playing street soccer .	a crowd is outside plays songs .	1
a group of boys playing street soccer .	a team is playing street .	1
a group of boys playing street soccer .	a team is playing street hula-hoops .	1
a group of boys playing street soccer .	a congregation is playing love tips .	1
a group of boys playing street soccer .	a tryouts is playing street .	1
a group of boys playing street soccer .	a team is playing street cable .	1
a group of boys playing street soccer .	a team is playing street well .	1
a group of boys playing street soccer .	a grandpa is playing street .	1
a group of boys playing street soccer .	a team is playing street well .	1
a rally in a different country .	a kitten hops is in a mass .	1
a rally in a different country .	a swimmer separated is in a pulled .	1
a rally in a different country .	a rickshaw black in action a veil .	1
a rally in a different country .	a fish swims in a math hero .	1
a rally in a different country .	a rickshaw black in stalls terrible behind .	1
a rally in a different country .	a fish forced is in a storefront .	1
a rally in a different country .	a laundromat photograph is in a cafeteria .	1
a rally in a different country .	a teenager tournament is in a different .	1
a rally in a different country .	a dude stalks in a road meeting .	1
a rally in a different country .	a rickshaw frolics is in a crosswalk .	1
a rally in a different country .	a swimmer catches in a different saftey .	1
a rally in a different country .	a swimmer black sang in a lot .	1
a rally in a different country .	a dude hops in a math stall .	1
a rally in a different country .	a teenage smiled on a hammer women .	1
a rally in a different country .	a dude signing is in a playground .	1
a rally in a different country .	a laundromat artifacts is in a resturant .	1
a rally in a different country .	a teenager shines in a different country .	1
a rally in a different country .	a swimmer black tricks in a straw .	1
a rally in a different country .	a dude shines in a math employee .	1
a rally in a different country .	a swimmer rapping in road with rare .	1
a rally in a different country .	a fish lounges in a donut cage .	1
a rally in a different country .	a swimmer is slumped in a hammock .	1
a rally in a different country .	a kitten flies is in a cafeteria .	1
a rally in a different country .	a swimmer reads in a math experiment .	1
a rally in a different country .	a dude bed in a road meeting .	1
a rally in a different country .	a wrecked flies outside in a lot .	1
a rally in a different country .	a labrador drowns in a road plaza .	1
woman reading a book with a grocery tote .	a woman is dancing .	2
woman reading a book with a grocery tote .	a woman is dancing .	2
woman reading a book with a grocery tote .	a woman is dancing .	2
woman reading a book with a grocery tote .	a woman is dancing .	2
woman reading a book with a grocery tote .	a woman is dancing .	2
woman reading a book with a grocery tote .	a woman is dancing .	2
woman reading a book with a grocery tote .	a woman is dancing .	2
woman reading a book with a grocery tote .	a woman is dancing .	2
woman reading a book with a grocery tote .	a woman is dancing .	2
woman reading a book with a grocery tote .	a woman is dancing .	2
woman reading a book with a grocery tote .	a woman is dancing .	2
woman reading a book with a grocery tote .	a woman is dancing .	2
woman reading a book with a grocery tote .	a woman is dancing .	2
woman reading a book with a grocery tote .	a woman is dancing .	2
woman reading a book with a grocery tote .	a woman is dancing .	2
woman reading a book with a grocery tote .	a woman is dancing .	2
woman reading a book with a grocery tote .	a woman is dancing .	2
woman reading a book with a grocery tote .	a woman is dancing .	2
woman reading a book with a grocery tote .	a woman is dancing .	2
woman reading a book with a grocery tote .	a woman is dancing .	2
woman reading a book with a grocery tote .	a woman is dancing .	2
woman reading a book with a grocery tote .	a woman is dancing .	2
woman reading a book with a grocery tote .	a woman is dancing .	2
woman reading a book with a grocery tote .	a woman is dancing .	2
woman reading a book with a grocery tote .	a woman is dancing .	2
woman reading a book with a grocery tote .	a woman is dancing .	2
woman reading a book with a grocery tote .	a woman is dancing .	2
woman reading a book with a grocery tote .	a woman is dancing .	2
woman reading a book with a grocery tote .	a woman is dancing .	2
woman reading a book with a grocery tote .	a woman is dancing .	2
woman reading a book with a grocery tote .	a woman is dancing .	2
woman reading a book with a grocery tote .	a woman is dancing .	2
woman reading a book with a grocery tote .	a woman is dancing .	2
woman reading a book with a grocery tote .	a woman is dancing .	2
woman reading a book with a grocery tote .	a woman is dancing .	2
woman reading a book with a grocery tote .	a woman is dancing .	2
woman reading a book with a grocery tote .	a woman is dancing .	2
woman reading a book with a grocery tote .	a woman is dancing .	2
woman reading a book with a grocery tote .	a woman is dancing .	2
woman reading a book with a grocery tote .	a woman is dancing .	2
woman reading a book with a grocery tote .	a woman is holding a book bulldozer .	0
someone splashing in the water .	a person passes by water .	0
someone splashing in the water .	a person youngster is obscene .	0
someone splashing in the water .	a person replaces in water . of	0
someone splashing in the water .	a person spins is sweet water .	0
someone splashing in the water .	a person chats walks lip .	0
someone splashing in the water .	a person exits cheeseburgers in water .	0
someone splashing in the water .	a person is splashing in water .	0
someone splashing in the water .	a person bowls in autumn .	0
someone splashing in the water .	a person splashing on a wall .	0
someone splashing in the water .	a person begins is in water .	0
someone splashing in the water .	a person chats walks by pool .	0
someone splashing in the water .	a person sucks packers tile .	0
someone splashing in the water .	a person saluting turned in water .	0
someone splashing in the water .	a person chats walks in water .	0
someone splashing in the water .	a person exits is harnesses water .	0
someone splashing in the water .	a person demonstrate is lecturing .	0
someone splashing in the water .	a person coated is cotton .	0
someone splashing in the water .	a person went on peak water . able	0
someone splashing in the water .	a person hawk is shallow water .	0
someone splashing in the water .	a person exits walks in water .	0
someone splashing in the water .	a person ina some water . is	0
someone splashing in the water .	a person controlling freshly tile water .	0
someone splashing in the water .	a person site is rollerblading .	0
someone splashing in the water .	a person tying red skin water .	0
someone splashing in the water .	a person shaved in water .	0
someone splashing in the water .	a person sipping walks in water .	0
someone splashing in the water .	a person is leggings in water .	0
someone splashing in the water .	a person fires comfortably in water .	0
someone splashing in the water .	a person servers in water . a	0
someone splashing in the water .	a person weeding through water .	0
two person are walking on the streets .	the three computer men are best and artwork .	1
two person are walking on the streets .	the three girls are talking about the weather .	1
two person are walking on the streets .	two firefighters are playing some gymnast and gift .	1
two person are walking on the streets .	two people engaged are slow about the weather .	1
two person are walking on the streets .	the three against are about to spectators !	1
two person are walking on the streets .	the three short has are twenty and wide .	1
two person are walking on the streets .	the three woman of people help tai himself .	1
two person are walking on the streets .	two people test are congregated or football looking	1
two person are walking on the streets .	the three girls are talking about the weather	1
two person are walking on the streets .	the three girls are talking about the weather .	1
two person are walking on the streets .	the three woman have people out toilets it	1
two person are walking on the streets .	the two people are talking about the weather .	1
two person are walking on the streets .	two children are taking next to it umbrellas .	1
two person are walking on the streets .	the three woman have people want to it .	1
two person are walking on the streets .	the three woman torches of crazy tame shop	1
two person are walking on the streets .	the two people standing shots over pictures .	2
two person are walking on the streets .	the two just sitting with roof raft .	2
two person are walking on the streets .	the two people standing circle old insects .	2
two person are walking on the streets .	the two people standing bracing wolf booze .	2
two person are walking on the streets .	the two people standing americans watching marathon .	2
two person are walking on the streets .	the two people standing includes coloring lunch .	2
two person are walking on the streets .	the two people standing ceremony down broadway .	2
two person are walking on the streets .	the two people standing sitting upon inside .	2
two person are walking on the streets .	the two people standing typing loudly inside .	2
two person are walking on the streets .	the two people standing yield sunbathes rest .	2
two person are walking on the streets .	the two musicians is sitting case potatoes .	2
two person are walking on the streets .	the two ordered running dry over water .	2
two person are walking on the streets .	the two people standing quietly modern decoration .	2
two person are walking on the streets .	the two people standing underneath tablecloths pond .	2
two person are walking on the streets .	the two people standing quietly merchants ants .	2
two person are walking on the streets .	the young person sleeping sitting inside .	2
two person are walking on the streets .	the two people dancers sitting inside problems .	2
two person are walking on the streets .	the two people standing parasail respect lunch boat	2
two person are walking on the streets .	the two people standing includes homemade lunch .	2
man straining to climb cliff face .	man carolina physical left . people	0
man straining to climb cliff face .	man climbing down vacations .	0
man straining to climb cliff face .	man holds sprite tumble . to	0
man straining to climb cliff face .	man climbing ina strip . . turkey	0
man straining to climb cliff face .	man holds samples down . `	0
man straining to climb cliff face .	man landing boogieboard .	0
man straining to climb cliff face .	man holds parts .	0
man straining to climb cliff face .	man holds keyboards beef .	0
man straining to climb cliff face .	man ruining a plan . a	0
man straining to climb cliff face .	man climbing down properly .	0
man straining to climb cliff face .	man are landing down .	0
man straining to climb cliff face .	man climbing owns down .	0
man straining to climb cliff face .	man holds stress hurdles .	0
man straining to climb cliff face .	man holds harvest .	0
man straining to climb cliff face .	man holds announcer exposition . a	0
man straining to climb cliff face .	man holds something ornaments .	0
man straining to climb cliff face .	man climbing down steep .	0
man straining to climb cliff face .	man claps obedience off .	0
man straining to climb cliff face .	man climbing jumper bored .	0
man straining to climb cliff face .	man climbing mountainside inside .	0
man straining to climb cliff face .	man embraces together skills .	0
man straining to climb cliff face .	man finds together suffering .	0
man straining to climb cliff face .	man painting some hikers .	0
man straining to climb cliff face .	man finds are bored .	0
man straining to climb cliff face .	man holds nowhere down . the	0
man straining to climb cliff face .	man rips together sweatsuit .	0
man straining to climb cliff face .	man climbing mountainside down .	0
man straining to climb cliff face .	man climbing ponytails doe .	0
a man with his arm around a woman .	the woman is man and smiling .	1
a man with his arm around a woman .	the woman is man and pressure .	1
a man with his arm around a woman .	the woman is man and shoes .	1
a man with his arm around a woman .	the woman is and side-by-side minutes .	1
a man with his arm around a woman .	the woman is man glowing .	1
a man with his arm around a woman .	the woman is grey and shoes .	1
a man with his arm around a woman .	the woman is occurred and smiling .	1
a man with his arm around a woman .	the woman is launching and shoes .	1
a man with his arm around a woman .	the woman is diet and grass .	1
a man with his arm around a woman .	the woman is man and smiling .	1
a man with his arm around a woman .	the woman is man and smiling .	1
a man with his arm around a woman .	the woman is grey and shoes .	1
a man with his arm around a woman .	the woman is man and smiling .	1
a man with his arm around a woman .	the woman is man and shoes . on	1
a man with his arm around a woman .	the woman is posed another .	1
a man with his arm around a woman .	the woman is man and smiling .	1
a man with his arm around a woman .	the woman is man illiterate smiling .	1
a man with his arm around a woman .	the woman is planning and upward .	1
a man with his arm around a woman .	the woman is and scraped smiling .	1
a man with his arm around a woman .	the woman is sharpening and covered .	1
a man with his arm around a woman .	the woman 's and lived poodles .	1
a man with his arm around a woman .	the woman is planning and shoes .	1
a man with his arm around a woman .	the woman is man and smiling .	1
a man with his arm around a woman .	the woman is man and smiling .	1
a man with his arm around a woman .	the woman is and grinning .	1
a man with his arm around a woman .	the woman is man drama smiling .	1
a man with his arm around a woman .	the woman 's and burns smiling .	1
a man with his arm around a woman .	the woman is crazy and vehicles .	1
a man with his arm around a woman .	the woman is supervising another .	1
a man with his arm around a woman .	a man is with a backpack .	0
two men are sitting on a couch .	two men watching tv ride on a couch .	1
two men are sitting on a couch .	two men watching tv on a couch bar .	1
two men are sitting on a couch .	two men are standing outside . of	2
two men are sitting on a couch .	two men are standing outside . a	2
two men are sitting on a couch .	two men are standing outside . a	2
two men are sitting on a couch .	two men are standing outside . a	2
two men are sitting on a couch .	two men are standing outside . a	2
two men are sitting on a couch .	two men are standing outside . a	2
two men are sitting on a couch .	two men are standing outside . <oov>	2
a dog chasing a duck in a pond .	a dog is sitting placed taking his owner .	2
a dog chasing a duck in a pond .	a dog is sitting mike his gum .	2
a dog chasing a duck in a pond .	a dog is shooting activist his sister .	2
a dog chasing a duck in a pond .	a dog is sitting crab his sister .	2
a dog chasing a duck in a pond .	a dog is sitting below his cinema .	2
a dog chasing a duck in a pond .	a dog is sitting below his games .	2
a dog chasing a duck in a pond .	a dog is shooting whilst his book .	2
a dog chasing a duck in a pond .	a dog is sitting shut indoors his .	2
a dog chasing a duck in a pond .	a dog is shooting francisco his owner .	2
a dog chasing a duck in a pond .	a dog is sitting contacts outside indoors .	2
a dog chasing a duck in a pond .	a dog is sitting below his master .	2
a dog chasing a duck in a pond .	a dog is sitting backs his sister .	2
a dog chasing a duck in a pond .	a dog is sitting beautifully his master .	2
a dog chasing a duck in a pond .	a dog is sitting strums his toys .	2
a dog chasing a duck in a pond .	a dog is sitting burnt his stomach .	2
a dog chasing a duck in a pond .	a dog is sitting carnival indoors games .	2
a dog chasing a duck in a pond .	a dog is sitting below his games .	2
a dog chasing a duck in a pond .	a dog is sitting stared his artifacts .	2
a dog chasing a duck in a pond .	a dog is sitting vigorously his attractive .	2
a dog chasing a duck in a pond .	a dog is sitting spaghetti his troops .	2
a dog chasing a duck in a pond .	a dog is sitting below his artifacts .	2
a dog chasing a duck in a pond .	a dog is sitting below his owner .	2
a dog chasing a duck in a pond .	a dog is sitting below his stomach .	2
a dog chasing a duck in a pond .	a dog is sitting smell his community .	2
a dog chasing a duck in a pond .	a dog is shooting healthcare his prayer .	2
a dog chasing a duck in a pond .	a dog is sitting reflecting his kangaroo .	2
a dog chasing a duck in a pond .	a dog is sitting for his owner .	2
a dog chasing a duck in a pond .	a dog is lacing hardly his .	2
a dog chasing a duck in a pond .	a dog is sitting footprints lays him .	2
a dog chasing a duck in a pond .	a dog is sitting below his tarp .	2
a dog chasing a duck in a pond .	a dog is sitting latex around his .	2
a dog chasing a duck in a pond .	a dog is firing from his hurdle . .	2
a dog chasing a duck in a pond .	a dog is sitting scrubs his audition .	2
a dog chasing a duck in a pond .	a dog is sitting spaghetti his master .	2
a dog chasing a duck in a pond .	a dog is sitting pleasant his pockets .	2
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	shoppers and pantry kung each other .	1
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	it 's who is making each other .	1
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	groom and shoppers sit under each .	1
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	siblings and attentive place each other .	1
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	bury and generator mongolian each other during .	1
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	shoppers and grandparents excitedly each other .	1
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	latin and his rainy multicolored table .	1
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	skateboarding and sister who each other .	1
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	items and shoppers now each other .	1
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	mother and sister practice his jeeps .	1
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	shoppers and pantry wand is sad .	1
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	shoppers and groom sit under cats .	1
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	fresh and ending come at store .	1
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	and horse wandering for the start .	1
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	colorful and na appears the woodworking cats .	1
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	shoppers with the can algae leisurely .	1
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	shoppers is dying ` each other .	1
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	shoppers and exterior that took couple .	1
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	shoppers is watching the title each .	1
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	cop and sister share an ice balloon	1
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	boyfriend and parade teeing alongside each other .	1
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	shoppers and clothed his wall alley .	1
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	crosswalk and sister parties his daughter wrestling	1
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	shoppers and humans his contestants trophy .	1
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	shoppers and marshmallows his policewoman bullet .	1
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	a men and black dog harnesses .	2
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	a man is not sweeping on ground .	2
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	a man is tying sleeping on it .	2
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	a man is tying black african .	2
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	a man is rowing home on carpet .	2
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	a man is shining heavily a board .	2
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	a cat and dog chases over handstands .	2
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	a man is not sweeping on a bone	2
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	a man is controlling bicycle on mittens .	2
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	a man is wave vaulting on fun .	2
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	a man is not taste on jupiter .	2
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	a guard is not learning on ground .	2
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	a man is tying down street .	2
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	a man is not sweeping on ground .	2
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	a man is tying paperback down steps .	2
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	a man is not monument on markings .	2
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	a men and cotton down street .	2
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	a man is not sweeping on board .	2
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	a man is tying cocoa on spears .	2
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	a bird has not color anger .	2
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	a man is tying cocoa on it .	2
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	a man is not lifted on mars .	2
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	a guys not is sweeping on ground .	2
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	a man is not sweeping on a chair	2
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	a man is has won a board .	2
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	two people hugging .	0
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	the people park .	0
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	two people hugging .	0
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	the people hugging .	0
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	two people hugging .	0
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	two people hugging .	0
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	two people hugging .	0
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	two people hugging .	0
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	two people hugging .	0
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	two people hugging .	0
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	two people hugging .	0
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	two people hugging .	0
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	two people hugging .	0
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	two people hugging .	0
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	two people hugging .	0
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	two people hugging .	0
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	two people hugging .	0
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	two people hugging .	0
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	the group scared .	0
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	two people hugging .	0
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	two people hugging .	0
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	two people hugging .	0
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	the people decorate . ` peach	0
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	two people hugging .	0
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	two people hugging .	0
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	two people hugging .	0
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	two people hugging . .	0
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	two people hugging .	0
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	two people hugging .	0
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	two people hugging .	0
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	two people hugging .	0
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	two people hugging .	0
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	two people hugging .	0
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	the group entertaining . is	0
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	two people hugging .	0
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	two people hugging .	0
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	two people hugging .	0
a girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	two people hugging .	0
a young woman playing hopscotch .	there is a young woman . a	0
a young woman playing hopscotch .	there is a young woman . a	0
a young woman playing hopscotch .	there is a young woman . a	0
a young woman playing hopscotch .	a girl is sitting in the snow coastline .	2
a young woman playing hopscotch .	a girl is sitting in the snow .	2
a young woman playing hopscotch .	a girl is sitting in the snow loom .	2
a young woman playing hopscotch .	a girl is sitting in the snow snacks .	2
a young woman playing hopscotch .	a girl is sitting in the snow .	2
a young woman playing hopscotch .	a girl is sitting in the snow carrier .	2
a young woman playing hopscotch .	a girl is sitting in the snow .	2
a young woman playing hopscotch .	a girl is sitting with the flowers folder .	2
a young woman playing hopscotch .	a girl is sitting in the snow slab <oov>	2
a young woman playing hopscotch .	a girl is sitting in the snow playstation .	2
a young woman playing hopscotch .	a girl is sitting in the snow fundraiser .	2
a young woman playing hopscotch .	a girl is sitting in the snow .	2
a young woman playing hopscotch .	a girl is sitting to in the usa .	2
a young woman playing hopscotch .	a girl is sitting in the snow debate .	2
a young woman playing hopscotch .	a girl is sitting in the snow .	2
a young woman playing hopscotch .	a girl is sitting in the snow worms .	2
a young woman playing hopscotch .	a girl is sitting in the snow list .	2
a young woman playing hopscotch .	a girl is sitting in the snow waters .	2
a young woman playing hopscotch .	a girl is sitting with the neighbors .	2
a young woman playing hopscotch .	a girl is sitting to in the pan .	2
a young woman playing hopscotch .	a girl is sitting by the groom .	2
a young woman playing hopscotch .	a girl is sitting in the snow building .	2
a young woman playing hopscotch .	a girl is sitting in the snow hits sale	2
a young woman playing hopscotch .	a girl is sitting in the snow entering .	2
a young woman playing hopscotch .	a girl is sitting in the mascot .	2
a young woman playing hopscotch .	a girl is sitting to in the village .	2
a musician playing his violin .	the boy is on stage with other friends .	1
a musician playing his violin .	the boy is on stage with other wall .	1
a musician playing his violin .	the boy is on stage with other friends .	1
a musician playing his violin .	the boy is on stage with other snowstorm .	1
a musician playing his violin .	the boy is preparing with their swing .	1
a musician playing his violin .	the boy is on train with balconies debate .	1
a musician playing his violin .	the boy is australian on other playing tambourine	1
a musician playing his violin .	the boy is on someone with keyboard .	1
a musician playing his violin .	the boy is on stage with other friends .	1
a musician playing his violin .	the boy is on stage with other friends .	1
a musician playing his violin .	the boy is on stage with other laps	1
a musician playing his violin .	the boy is on stage with other friends .	1
a musician playing his violin .	a person is playing an instrument device .	0
a musician playing his violin .	a person is playing instrument an ad .	0
a musician playing his violin .	a person is playing guitar hero dinner .	0
two dogs in a grassy field .	two dogs are playing outside .	1
two dogs in a grassy field .	two dogs are playing outside . to	1
two dogs in a grassy field .	two dogs are playing outside .	1
two dogs in a grassy field .	two dogs are playing outside .	1
two dogs in a grassy field .	two dogs are playing outside .	1
two dogs in a grassy field .	two man are on a sandy beach .	2
two dogs in a grassy field .	two man are on a sidewalk trip .	2
two dogs in a grassy field .	two man are on a sandy beach .	2
two dogs in a grassy field .	two man are on a sandy beach .	2
two dogs in a grassy field .	two man are on a sandy beach .	2
two dogs in a grassy field .	two dogs are outside . a	0
two dogs in a grassy field .	two dogs are outside .	0
two dogs in a grassy field .	two dogs are outside . .	0
two dogs in a grassy field .	two man are outside . a .	0
two dogs in a grassy field .	two dogs are outside .	0
two dogs in a grassy field .	two dogs are outside .	0
two dogs in a grassy field .	two dogs are outside . .	0
two dogs in a grassy field .	two dogs are outside . girlfriend	0
two dogs in a grassy field .	two dogs are outside .	0
two dogs in a grassy field .	two man are outside . .	0
two dogs in a grassy field .	two man are outside . a mess	0
two dogs in a grassy field .	two dogs are outside .	0
two dogs in a grassy field .	two dogs are outside .	0
two dogs in a grassy field .	two dogs are outside .	0
two dogs in a grassy field .	two man are outside . .	0
two dogs in a grassy field .	two dogs are outside .	0
two dogs in a grassy field .	two man are outside . to symbol	0
two dogs in a grassy field .	two man are outside . .	0
two dogs in a grassy field .	two dogs are outside . to	0
two dogs in a grassy field .	two man are outside . .	0
two dogs in a grassy field .	two dogs are outside .	0
two dogs in a grassy field .	two dogs are outside .	0
two dogs in a grassy field .	two man are outside . decoration	0
two dogs in a grassy field .	two man are outside . .	0
two dogs in a grassy field .	two dogs are outside . a	0
two dogs in a grassy field .	two dogs are outside . a	0
two dogs in a grassy field .	two dogs are outside . a	0
two dogs in a grassy field .	two dogs are outside .	0
two dogs in a grassy field .	two man are outside . .	0
two dogs in a grassy field .	two dogs are outside . a	0
two dogs in a grassy field .	two dogs are outside .	0
two dogs in a grassy field .	two dogs are outside .	0
two dogs in a grassy field .	two dogs are outside .	0
two dogs in a grassy field .	two dogs are outside . a	0
two dogs in a grassy field .	two dogs are outside .	0
two dogs in a grassy field .	two dogs are outside .	0
two dogs in a grassy field .	two dogs are outside . a	0
two dogs in a grassy field .	two dogs are outside .	0
two dogs in a grassy field .	two dogs are outside .	0
two dogs in a grassy field .	two man are outside . .	0
three friends are talking .	three people are hanging .	0
three friends are talking .	three people are hanging .	0
three friends are talking .	three woman are hanging .	0
a dog carries an object in the snow .	a dog is eating its in winter .	2
a dog carries an object in the snow .	a man is 6 in dark creek .	2
a dog carries an object in the snow .	a dog is eating its in toddler .	2
lady in black skirt is getting excited .	a farmer is fetching . .	0
lady in black skirt is getting excited .	a person ready visitors .	0
lady in black skirt is getting excited .	a lady is babysitting .	0
lady in black skirt is getting excited .	a person preparing cheeseburgers . is	0
lady in black skirt is getting excited .	a person is red .	0
lady in black skirt is getting excited .	a person is babysitting .	0
lady in black skirt is getting excited .	a person is excited .	0
lady in black skirt is getting excited .	a person is ironing . .	0
lady in black skirt is getting excited .	a lady is spending .	0
lady in black skirt is getting excited .	a lady is sneezing .	0
lady in black skirt is getting excited .	a person preparing . . .	0
lady in black skirt is getting excited .	a lady is jaywalking .	0
lady in black skirt is getting excited .	a lady is sneezing .	0
lady in black skirt is getting excited .	a person preparing . . .	0
lady in black skirt is getting excited .	a lady is hte . .	0
lady in black skirt is getting excited .	a lady is red .	0
lady in black skirt is getting excited .	a lady is rockclimbing .	0
lady in black skirt is getting excited .	a person preparing . . .	0
lady in black skirt is getting excited .	a person juggling red . .	0
lady in black skirt is getting excited .	a person is somewhere .	0
lady in black skirt is getting excited .	a person glares somewhere .	0
lady in black skirt is getting excited .	a person is excited .	0
lady in black skirt is getting excited .	a wife is loudly .	0
lady in black skirt is getting excited .	a farmer is fetching . .	0
lady in black skirt is getting excited .	a person is juggling underneath into a barn	1
lady in black skirt is getting excited .	a person is staring making an automobile license .	1
lady in black skirt is getting excited .	a person is juggling mile during a winning race .	1
lady in black skirt is getting excited .	a person is after designer shop into water	1
lady in black skirt is getting excited .	a person is passed passed father an comics .	1
lady in black skirt is getting excited .	a person is read into dangerous a mailbox	1
lady in black skirt is getting excited .	a person is keeping read off a courthouse .	1
lady in black skirt is getting excited .	a person is scrubbing a musical platform 's phone	1
lady in black skirt is getting excited .	a person is read aimlessly bounds away a baby	1
lady in black skirt is getting excited .	a person is staring into an ice cold .	1
lady in black skirt is getting excited .	a person is juggling softball during a violin .	1
lady in black skirt is getting excited .	a person is bouncing up holding a bridge .	1
lady in black skirt is getting excited .	a person is juggling internet during a marriage	1
lady in black skirt is getting excited .	a person is read meat during a contest .	1
lady in black skirt is getting excited .	a person is excited he does a cart .	1
lady in black skirt is getting excited .	a person is passed out shops with water .	1
lady in black skirt is getting excited .	a person is excited somewhere an whole skating .	1
lady in black skirt is getting excited .	a person is passed away 's eyes race .	1
a blond man playing a guitar .	a man is playing a guitar .	0
a blond man playing a guitar .	a man is playing a guitar . latin	0
a blond man playing a guitar .	a man is playing a guitar .	0
a blond man playing a guitar .	a man is playing a guitar .	0
a blond man playing a guitar .	a man is playing a fireplace .	0
a blond man playing a guitar .	a man is playing a guitar .	0
a blond man playing a guitar .	a well dressed man is with her family .	1
a blond man playing a guitar .	a well group man is playing a instrument .	1
a blond man playing a guitar .	a uniformed group man is with a hat .	1
a blond man playing a guitar .	a well dressed man is with a ribbon .	1
a blond man playing a guitar .	a well dressed man is with a graffitied	1
a blond man playing a guitar .	a well dressed man is with a sheep .	1
a blond man playing a guitar .	a well dressed man is a generator .	1
a blond man playing a guitar .	a tall dressed man is playing a guitar	1
a blond man playing a guitar .	a well dressed man is with a utensil .	1
a blond man playing a guitar .	a well dressed man is playing a book .	1
a blond man playing a guitar .	a well dressed man is playing a monitor .	1
a blond man playing a guitar .	a barber dressed man is playing a instrument .	1
a blond man playing a guitar .	a well dressed man is playing a kite .	1
a blond man playing a guitar .	a well dressed man is playing a book	1
a blond man playing a guitar .	a well dressed man is playing a mop .	1
a blond man playing a guitar .	a well dressed is bay with a sign	1
a blond man playing a guitar .	a well dressed man is with a ribbon .	1
a blond man playing a guitar .	a well dressed man is with her backpack	1
a blond man playing a guitar .	a well dressed man is with a ribbon .	1
a blond man playing a guitar .	a well dressed man is playing a lobster .	1
a blond man playing a guitar .	a well dressed is lying a cinema .	1
a blond man playing a guitar .	a well dressed man is with her family .	1
a blond man playing a guitar .	a young man fencers is playing a lobster .	1
a blond man playing a guitar .	a well dressed man is with a ribbon .	1
a blond man playing a guitar .	a well dressed man is playing a lobster .	1
a blond man playing a guitar .	a tall dressed man is playing a cheeseburger .	1
a blond man playing a guitar .	a well dressed man is playing a instrument .	1
a blond man playing a guitar .	a well dressed is examining a hurts book .	1
a blond man playing a guitar .	a well dressed man is playing a mop .	1
a blond man playing a guitar .	a well dressed man is with a ribbon .	1
a blond man playing a guitar .	a well dressed man is with her .	1
a blond man playing a guitar .	a well dressed man is with a weapon .	1
a blond man playing a guitar .	a dolphin is standing a demolished .	2
a blond man playing a guitar .	a clown with a hand is riding .	2
a blond man playing a guitar .	a bald woman is playing a monitor .	2
a blond man playing a guitar .	an old man is playing a crosswalk .	2
a blond man playing a guitar .	a clown plays with a leash .	2
a blond man playing a guitar .	a clown with a rare black guitar .	2
a blond man playing a guitar .	a band plays with a sign .	2
a blond man playing a guitar .	a clown plays with a black guitar . .	2
a blond man playing a guitar .	a clown plays with a black guitar . .	2
a blond man playing a guitar .	an old man is playing a motorcyclist .	2
a blond man playing a guitar .	a clown plays with a slope . to	2
a blond man playing a guitar .	a bald is standing around a storefront .	2
a blond man playing a guitar .	a startled is sitting around a toyota .	2
a blond man playing a guitar .	a clown is watching a panda .	2
a blond man playing a guitar .	a submarine is watching a tuba .	2
a blond man playing a guitar .	an old man is playing a baton .	2
a blond man playing a guitar .	a bald is standing a demolished .	2
a blond man playing a guitar .	a pots is standing around a bridge .	2
a blond man playing a guitar .	a bald man is playing a xylophone .	2
a blond man playing a guitar .	a clown plays with a black guitar .	2
a blond man playing a guitar .	a clown plays with a hairy .	2
a blond man playing a guitar .	a bench is watching a math .	2
two people climb a rock <oov> water .	two kids are watching the treats .	1
two people climb a rock <oov> water .	two kids are football in the playpen .	1
two people climb a rock <oov> water .	three women are watching the other .	1
two people climb a rock <oov> water .	two boys are watching the chickens .	1
two people climb a rock <oov> water .	two kids are outside the sewing .	1
two people climb a rock <oov> water .	two kids are watching the planes .	1
two people climb a rock <oov> water .	two boys are watching the say .	1
two people climb a rock <oov> water .	two boys are watching the planes .	1
two people climb a rock <oov> water .	two kids are watching the hookah .	1
two people climb a rock <oov> water .	two kids are watching the rock .	1
two people climb a rock <oov> water .	two kids are watching the someone .	1
two people climb a rock <oov> water .	two kids are watching the interstate .	1
two people climb a rock <oov> water .	two kids are watching the difficult .	1
two people climb a rock <oov> water .	two kids are football in the attic .	1
two people climb a rock <oov> water .	two boys are watching the pork .	1
two people climb a rock <oov> water .	two kids are watching the latest .	1
two people climb a rock <oov> water .	two kids are football in the nursery .	1
two people climb a rock <oov> water .	two kids are football in the attic .	1
two people climb a rock <oov> water .	two kids are football in the playpen .	1
two people climb a rock <oov> water .	two kids are football in the attic .	1
two people climb a rock <oov> water .	two boys are watching the dugout .	1
two people climb a rock <oov> water .	two kids are engaged to the homeless .	1
two people climb a rock <oov> water .	two people are climbing . .	0
two people climb a rock <oov> water .	two people are climbing . people	0
two people climb a rock <oov> water .	two people are climbing . boy	0
two people climb a rock <oov> water .	two people are climbing . football	0
two people climb a rock <oov> water .	two people are couples . .	0
two people climb a rock <oov> water .	two people are climbing . football	0
two people climb a rock <oov> water .	two people are climbing . people	0
two people climb a rock <oov> water .	two people are smashing . .	0
two people climb a rock <oov> water .	two people are landing . .	0
two people climb a rock <oov> water .	two people are ending . .	0
two people climb a rock <oov> water .	two people are climbing .	0
two people climb a rock <oov> water .	two people are transit . .	0
two people climb a rock <oov> water .	two people are breeze . .	0
two people climb a rock <oov> water .	two people are tourist . .	0
two people climb a rock <oov> water .	two people are climbing . to	0
two people climb a rock <oov> water .	two people are climbing . people	0
two people climb a rock <oov> water .	two people are touring . outside	0
two people climb a rock <oov> water .	two people are climbing . people	0
two people climb a rock <oov> water .	two people are climbing . people	0
two people climb a rock <oov> water .	two people are climbing . people	0
two people climb a rock <oov> water .	two people are climbing . .	0
two people climb a rock <oov> water .	two people are climbing . is	0
two people climb a rock <oov> water .	two people are outdoors . not	0
two people climb a rock <oov> water .	two people are physically . .	0
two people climb a rock <oov> water .	two people are climbing . .	0
two people climb a rock <oov> water .	two people are steering . .	0
two people climb a rock <oov> water .	two people are climbing .	0
two people climb a rock <oov> water .	two people are burying . .	0
two people climb a rock <oov> water .	two people are climbing . `	0
woman is looking something .	a woman is blind .	2
woman is looking something .	a woman is looking	0
woman is looking something .	a woman is looking	0
woman is looking something .	a woman is looking	0
woman is looking something .	a woman is looking	0
woman is looking something .	a woman is looking	0
woman is looking something .	a woman is looking	0
woman is looking something .	a woman is looking	0
woman is looking something .	a woman is looking	0
woman is looking something .	a woman is looking	0
woman is looking something .	a woman is looking	0
woman is looking something .	a woman is looking	0
woman is looking something .	a woman is looking	0
woman is looking something .	a woman is looking	0
woman is looking something .	a woman is looking	0
woman is looking something .	a woman is looking	0
woman is looking something .	a woman is looking	0
woman is looking something .	a woman is looking	0
woman is looking something .	a woman is looking	0
woman is looking something .	a woman is looking	0
woman is looking something .	a woman is looking	0
woman is looking something .	a woman is looking	0
woman is looking something .	a woman is looking	0
woman is looking something .	a woman is looking	0
woman is looking something .	a woman is looking	0
woman is looking something .	a woman is looking	0
woman is looking something .	a woman is looking	0
woman is looking something .	a woman is looking	0
woman is looking something .	a woman is looking	0
woman is looking something .	a woman is looking	0
woman is looking something .	a woman is looking	0
woman is looking something .	a woman is looking	0
woman is looking something .	a woman is looking	0
woman is looking something .	a woman is looking	0
woman is looking something .	a woman is looking	0
woman is looking something .	a woman is looking	0
woman is looking something .	a woman is looking	0
woman is looking something .	a woman is looking	0
woman is looking something .	a woman is looking	0
woman is looking something .	a woman is looking	0
woman is looking something .	a woman is looking	0
woman is looking something .	a woman is breathing limbs at a man	1
woman is looking something .	a woman is holding a readying man is fashions	1
woman is looking something .	a woman is eating chips a man is sitting	1
woman is looking something .	a woman is actress at a man lock	1
woman is looking something .	a woman is holding a mess is eating .	1
woman is looking something .	a woman is looking at a man is .	1
woman is looking something .	a girl is standing illegally a man is hauling	1
woman is looking something .	a woman is whistling at a man is sitting	1
woman is looking something .	a woman is conducting a man is crying .	1
woman is looking something .	a woman is eating candy at a bar .	1
woman is looking something .	a woman is looking at a man is olympics	1
woman is looking something .	a woman is difficult eating a man is .	1
woman is looking something .	a woman is eating roasted a man is	1
woman is looking something .	a woman is looking a man is experience .	1
woman is looking something .	a woman is looking at a man is .	1
woman is looking something .	a woman is blind at a man is desolate	1
woman is looking something .	a woman is shirtless is holding a man	1
woman is looking something .	a woman is frowning at a man is .	1
a fisherman using a cellphone on a boat .	a fisherman is riding on his boat .	2
a fisherman using a cellphone on a boat .	the traveler is sleeping on the boat .	2
a fisherman using a cellphone on a boat .	a fisherman is sleeping on his boat .	2
a fisherman using a cellphone on a boat .	a fisherman is sleeping on his boat .	2
a fisherman using a cellphone on a boat .	a terriers is riding on the boat .	2
a fisherman using a cellphone on a boat .	a fisherman is sleeping on the ground .	2
a fisherman using a cellphone on a boat .	a fisherman is sleeping on his smartphone .	2
a fisherman using a cellphone on a boat .	the angry is sleeping on the boat .	2
a tractor decorated as a float for a parade	a cap is playing warning in a hat .	0
a tractor decorated as a float for a parade	a crazy is starting a craft in city .	0
a tractor decorated as a float for a parade	a vehicle is hanging from a screwdriver	0
a tractor decorated as a float for a parade	a plumber is hanging from a upside-down .	0
a tractor decorated as a float for a parade	a pirate is hanging low a menu	0
a tractor decorated as a float for a parade	a man is curious a microscopes .	2
a tractor decorated as a float for a parade	a <oov> is curious by .	2
a tractor decorated as a float for a parade	a <oov> is being constructed .	2
a tractor decorated as a float for a parade	a <oov> is by rummy .	2
a tractor decorated as a float for a parade	a <oov> is being repaired .	2
a tractor decorated as a float for a parade	a <oov> is curious navy .	2
a tractor decorated as a float for a parade	a <oov> is well statues .	2
a tractor decorated as a float for a parade	a <oov> is being renovated .	2
a tractor decorated as a float for a parade	a <oov> is being roaring .	2
a tractor decorated as a float for a parade	a <oov> is being arrested .	2
a tractor decorated as a float for a parade	a <oov> is curious socializing .	2
a tractor decorated as a float for a parade	a <oov> is well site .	2
a tractor decorated as a float for a parade	a man is by tomato .	2
a tractor decorated as a float for a parade	a <oov> is curious by .	2
a tractor decorated as a float for a parade	a <oov> is biting being .	2
a tractor decorated as a float for a parade	a <oov> is writing adventurous .	2
a tractor decorated as a float for a parade	a <oov> is being repaired .	2
a tractor decorated as a float for a parade	a <oov> is crafting by . knows	2
a tractor decorated as a float for a parade	a <oov> is being polished .	2
a tractor decorated as a float for a parade	a <oov> is curious by .	2
a tractor decorated as a float for a parade	a <oov> is being repaired .	2
a tractor decorated as a float for a parade	a <oov> is biting reflected .	2
a tractor decorated as a float for a parade	a <oov> is curious parks .	2
a tractor decorated as a float for a parade	a <oov> is being tablet .	2
men play hockey .	bruins boy play	2
men play hockey .	men play dramatic	0
men play hockey .	men play experimenting	0
men play hockey .	men play basic	0
men play hockey .	men play parts	0
men play hockey .	men play playoff	0
men play hockey .	men play resort	0
men play hockey .	men play mammals	0
men play hockey .	men almost buckle	0
men play hockey .	men play snuggle	0
men play hockey .	men play happened	0
men play hockey .	men eating donkeys	0
men play hockey .	men play handicapped	0
men play hockey .	men play ping	0
men play hockey .	men play steel	0
men play hockey .	men play doubles	0
men play hockey .	men play mariachi	0
men play hockey .	men play paddles	0
men play hockey .	men play change	0
men play hockey .	men play clock	0
men play hockey .	men play hide	0
men play hockey .	men play monopoly	0
men play hockey .	men play pearl	0
men play hockey .	men play boxers	0
men play hockey .	men play ignore	0
men play hockey .	men play surfboards	0
men play hockey .	men play hot	0
men play hockey .	men play paddles	0
men play hockey .	men play sweeps	0
men play hockey .	men play videogames	0
men play hockey .	men play underground	0
men play hockey .	men play paddles	0
men play hockey .	men play science	0
men play hockey .	men play videogames	0
men play hockey .	men play streaks	0
men play hockey .	men play strollers	0
men play hockey .	men play grilled	0
men play hockey .	men play powered	0
men play hockey .	men play playoff	0
men play hockey .	men play motorbike	0
men play hockey .	men play frog	0
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	the man person frosted . fight	0
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	the man person himself . at a	0
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	the man is eating mows .	0
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	the man person himself . is	0
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	the man is eating woodwork .	0
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	the man is eating beans .	0
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	the man is eating fridge . `	0
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	the man person kayaks . is	0
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	the man is eating berries .	0
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	the man is eating rabbits .	0
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	the man person shades . bait is	0
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	the man is eating cheeseburgers . <oov>	0
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	the man is eating sushi .	0
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	the man is eating cheeseburgers . .	0
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	the man is eating sushi .	0
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	the man person eat . `	0
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	the man person lays himself . <oov>	0
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	the man is eating rested . people	0
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	the man is eating honey . to <oov>	0
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	the man is eating reflection .	0
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	the man person roasted skateboarding . <oov>	0
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	the man is eating cheeseburgers . at	0
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	the man person smiles . is	0
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	the man kneels at dusk . a	0
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	the man person vacuums himself . its	0
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	the man is eating embraces .	0
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	the man is eating beans .	0
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	the man person covering himself . attach carts	0
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	the man is eating beans .	0
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	the man person starring himself . <oov> waved	0
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	the man is eating cheerios .	0
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	the man person himself . onward man	0
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	the man is eating sushi .	0
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	the man is eating doritos .	0
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	the man person himself . came <oov>	0
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	the man is eating pizza . about	0
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	the dog is prancing around the lake .	2
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	the dog is brave around the lake .	2
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	the dog is toting in the grass .	2
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	the dog is roasts in the grass .	2
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	the dog is prancing around in the ground .	2
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	the dog is placed around the lake .	2
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	the dog is unpacking in the case .	2
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	the dog is unhappy around the lake .	2
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	the dog is snacking in the waterskiing .	2
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	the dog that is around in it .	2
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	the dog is burning in the atlantic .	2
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	the dog is placed around in the grass .	2
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	the dog is entertain in the grass .	2
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	the dog is commuting in the grass .	2
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	the people hold around in the grass .	2
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	the dog is amused in the rooster .	2
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	the people damaged around in the grass .	2
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	the dog is placed around the lake .	2
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	the dog is galloping around the lake .	2
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	the dog is unpacking in the grass .	2
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	the dog is placed around the lake .	2
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	the dog is unpacking in the leotard .	2
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	the dog is unpacking in the grass .	2
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	the dog is mostly in the aprons .	2
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	the dog is unpacking in the case .	2
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	the dog is brave around the lake .	2
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	the dog is galloping in the grass .	2
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	the dog is soaked to adults milk .	2
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	the dog is amusing in the grass .	2
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	the dog is napping in the weeds .	2
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	he 70 a cabin is embarrassed people .	1
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	he is leaning a roller coaster stove .	1
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	he was sitting near a roller coaster .	1
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	he is underway a yellow , is .	1
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	he was a slaps while attending team .	1
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	he is helping a police canopy .	1
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	he bracing a drum unconscious , angry .	1
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	he was a refreshment , progress . frown	1
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	he is knee a triple powerful .	1
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	he was a fairground farmers , young .	1
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	he is famed a packed bicycle t-shirt .	1
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	he was a packed painful while reading .	1
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	he was a fairground , homeless .	1
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	he was a reflects cheerleader and reads .	1
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	he is sitting near the mall line .	1
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	he is sitting near the mall .	1
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	he is shooting a roller coaster system .	1
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	he is better condition the battleship hawk .	1
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	he is ripping a mall , young .	1
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	he is sitting near the boardwalk dog .	1
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	he is a cyclist , some bride .	1
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	he is surrounds a roller coaster .	1
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	he is bracing a spike , sews .	1
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	he is sitting near the chair .	1
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	he was a harbor the dog street .	1
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	he was a birthday , sweeping swiss .	1
a dog attacking a man wearing protective gear .	he was a chinese , enjoys sunny .	1
a little girl on a piece of playground equipment	a dog watches tv . at	2
a little girl on a piece of playground equipment	a dog watches tv . is	2
a little girl on a piece of playground equipment	a dog watches tv materials . a	2
a little girl on a piece of playground equipment	a kid is <oov> a round outside .	0
a little girl on a piece of playground equipment	a kid is running around a moped .	0
a little girl on a piece of playground equipment	a kid is doing a thing outside .	0
a little girl on a piece of playground equipment	a kid is <oov> a wheelie outside .	0
a little girl on a piece of playground equipment	a kid is doing a thing outside .	0
a little girl on a piece of playground equipment	a kid is <oov> a juicy outside .	0
a little girl on a piece of playground equipment	a guy is riding <oov> along a dirt road	0
a little girl on a piece of playground equipment	a girl is riding a horse hand .	0
a little girl on a piece of playground equipment	a guy is a doing outside drive .	0
a little girl on a piece of playground equipment	a kid is <oov> a protest outside .	0
a little girl on a piece of playground equipment	a kid is doing a light-colored outside .	0
a little girl on a piece of playground equipment	a kid is <oov> a center outside .	0
a little girl on a piece of playground equipment	a kid is <oov> a failed can outside .	0
a little girl on a piece of playground equipment	a kid is <oov> a fresh outside .	0
a little girl on a piece of playground equipment	a kid is doing a thing outside .	0
a little girl on a piece of playground equipment	a kid is <oov> a juicy outside .	0
a little girl on a piece of playground equipment	a kid is doing a thing .	0
a little girl on a piece of playground equipment	a kid is doing a skateboard . with	0
a little girl on a piece of playground equipment	a kid is doing a thing .	0
a little girl on a piece of playground equipment	a kid is doing a quarter . man	0
a little girl on a piece of playground equipment	a kid is doing a thrill .	0
a little girl on a piece of playground equipment	a kid is doing a skateboard . celtic	0
a little girl on a piece of playground equipment	a kid is doing a handrail .	0
blond women working wearing gloves .	a black working busy harnessed sombreros .	2
blond women working wearing gloves .	a white public is wearing towel .	2
blond women working wearing gloves .	a white can u.s. exotic her .	2
blond women working wearing gloves .	a redhead biker wearing dark robes .	2
blond women working wearing gloves .	a snowboarder not wearing quick gloves . maintained	2
blond women working wearing gloves .	a women covering to make pottery .	2
blond women working wearing gloves .	a biker busy equipment to drag .	2
blond women working wearing gloves .	a busy biker wearing fuzzy mud .	2
blond women working wearing gloves .	a white safety working being distracted .	2
blond women working wearing gloves .	a restaurant people wearing rubber gloves .	2
blond women working wearing gloves .	a woman is wearing khaki gloves . carts	2
blond women working wearing gloves .	a busy marketplace wearing khaki gloves . walker	2
blond women working wearing gloves .	a black women clothes is parked .	2
blond women working wearing gloves .	a black women bowler wearing sandals .	2
blond women working wearing gloves .	a biker busy wearing chaps outfits .	2
blond women working wearing gloves .	a warrior white plays wearing vests .	2
blond women working wearing gloves .	a black women working with motorcycle .	2
blond women working wearing gloves .	a hand busy working platter downtown .	2
blond women working wearing gloves .	a black women tour animal observing .	2
blond women working wearing gloves .	a woman is wearing khaki gloves .	2
blond women working wearing gloves .	a hand is wearing groceries gloves .	2
blond women working wearing gloves .	a woman is wearing earbuds gloves .	2
blond women working wearing gloves .	a biker busy overflowing order work .	2
blond women working wearing gloves .	a light-colored having exotic tortillas techniques .	2
blond women working wearing gloves .	a biker busy equipment with groceries .	2
blond women working wearing gloves .	a busy marketplace wearing khaki gloves . <oov>	2
blond women working wearing gloves .	a warrior busy people wearing sombreros .	2
blond women working wearing gloves .	a white tent is wearing gloves .	2
blond women working wearing gloves .	a woman is wearing khaki gloves .	2
blond women working wearing gloves .	a warrior white walking tour undercover . came	2
blond women working wearing gloves .	a woman is wearing khaki gloves .	2
blond women working wearing gloves .	a woman wearing helmet is carring erupt to onlookers	1
blond women working wearing gloves .	a woman wearing helmet is ascending a curling .	1
blond women working wearing gloves .	a woman wearing helmet is loudly her deal .	1
blond women working wearing gloves .	a woman wearing gloves is curious a story	1
blond women working wearing gloves .	a woman wearing helmet to see the flood .	1
blond women working wearing gloves .	a woman wearing helmet is smashing the river .	1
blond women working wearing gloves .	a woman is being watched to over money .	1
blond women working wearing gloves .	a woman smoking to order with her bed .	1
blond women working wearing gloves .	a woman is being chased to some bread .	1
blond women working wearing gloves .	a woman wearing sandals to chunk her kayak .	1
blond women working wearing gloves .	a woman playing with motorcycle is grilling forward	1
blond women working wearing gloves .	a woman wearing helmet performing not a chair .	1
blond women working wearing gloves .	a woman is wearing snow <oov> the yellow motorcycle	1
blond women working wearing gloves .	a woman is bonding to surf large building .	1
blond women working wearing gloves .	a woman is wearing being the battery red .	1
blond women working wearing gloves .	a woman is wearing gloves to a horse .	1
blond women working wearing gloves .	a woman wearing helmet is jewelry the sound .	1
blond women working wearing gloves .	a woman wearing helmet performing to her both .	1
blond women working wearing gloves .	a woman wearing helmet is crossed the santa .	1
a ballerina striking a pose in the studio .	the world is wearing pink . note	1
a ballerina striking a pose in the studio .	the pumpkins is wearing pink .	1
a ballerina striking a pose in the studio .	the ascends surround no tall . teller	1
a ballerina striking a pose in the studio .	the world is wearing pink . to	1
a ballerina striking a pose in the studio .	the solider is entertaining pink . is	1
a ballerina striking a pose in the studio .	the pole is wearing pink . outdoors	1
a ballerina striking a pose in the studio .	the ballerina is wearing pink . <oov>	1
a ballerina striking a pose in the studio .	the blind man is smoking . is	1
a ballerina striking a pose in the studio .	the man is indoors . `	0
a ballerina striking a pose in the studio .	the man is indoors . is	0
a ballerina striking a pose in the studio .	the man is indoors his .	0
a ballerina striking a pose in the studio .	the man is indoors . the man	0
a ballerina striking a pose in the studio .	the man is indoors . `	0
a ballerina striking a pose in the studio .	the man is indoors . the	0
a ballerina striking a pose in the studio .	the man is indoors materials .	0
a ballerina striking a pose in the studio .	the man is indoors tumbling .	0
a ballerina striking a pose in the studio .	the man is indoors tightly . `	0
a ballerina striking a pose in the studio .	the man is indoors soon . to	0
a ballerina striking a pose in the studio .	the man is indoors . the	0
a ballerina striking a pose in the studio .	the man is indoors . the	0
a ballerina striking a pose in the studio .	the man is indoors . is	0
a ballerina striking a pose in the studio .	the man is indoors . `	0
a ballerina striking a pose in the studio .	the man is indoors . people	0
a ballerina striking a pose in the studio .	the man is indoors . of	0
a ballerina striking a pose in the studio .	the man is indoors . routine	0
a ballerina striking a pose in the studio .	the man is indoors soon . joint	0
a ballerina striking a pose in the studio .	the man is indoors soon .	0
a ballerina striking a pose in the studio .	the man is indoors . is	0
a ballerina striking a pose in the studio .	the man is indoors . the	0
a ballerina striking a pose in the studio .	the man is indoors balconies . to	0
a ballerina striking a pose in the studio .	the man is indoors . is	0
a ballerina striking a pose in the studio .	the man is indoors awake .	0
a ballerina striking a pose in the studio .	the man is indoors . snowball	0
a ballerina striking a pose in the studio .	the man is indoors .	0
a ballerina striking a pose in the studio .	the man is indoors . is	0
a ballerina striking a pose in the studio .	the man is indoors . is	0
a ballerina striking a pose in the studio .	the man is indoors . people	0
a ballerina striking a pose in the studio .	the man is indoors . the	0
a ballerina striking a pose in the studio .	the man is indoors soon . to	0
a ballerina striking a pose in the studio .	the man is indoors soon .	0
a ballerina striking a pose in the studio .	the man is indoors . `	0
a ballerina striking a pose in the studio .	the man is indoors . is	0
a ballerina striking a pose in the studio .	the man is indoors . is	0
a ballerina striking a pose in the studio .	the man is indoors beginning .	0
a ballerina striking a pose in the studio .	the man is indoors . group	0
a ballerina striking a pose in the studio .	the man is indoors . the	0
four kids pose on a stage .	older people are parachuting of years diapers flag	2
four kids pose on a stage .	three few women are touching a soda cart .	2
four kids pose on a stage .	three males are playing sees 50 marker bicycles .	2
four kids pose on a stage .	three diapers has a orange worshipping overboard .	2
four kids pose on a stage .	several kids are running down cement ahead .	2
four kids pose on a stage .	three males are running though into reading .	2
four kids pose on a stage .	several kids are running starving into a truck .	2
four kids pose on a stage .	three home are playing running before comedy breath	2
four kids pose on a stage .	several kids are running though into a soda	2
four kids pose on a stage .	several kids are running around hokey into reptile	2
four kids pose on a stage .	three swedish <oov> have been into a yard	2
four kids pose on a stage .	three a dog are happily sitting at parents	2
four kids pose on a stage .	several kids are running down main near pond	2
four kids pose on a stage .	three names people are running smoke into weekend	2
four kids pose on a stage .	three a dog play are fetching berries	2
four kids pose on a stage .	three christian are running scoring swimming minutes .	2
four kids pose on a stage .	several kids are running down eating papers stretching	2
four kids pose on a stage .	three several adults are sitting calmly system eat .	2
four kids pose on a stage .	several kids are running though into at bands	2
four kids pose on a stage .	several kids are running though into telescopes	2
four kids pose on a stage .	several kids are running into a glider scene	2
four kids pose on a stage .	several kids are running down teh later runners	2
four kids pose on a stage .	a professional basketball posing on a stage .	0
four kids pose on a stage .	several woman play together on a talk .	0
four kids pose on a stage .	several men are inside outside on playground .	0
four kids pose on a stage .	several woman play together on a stage .	0
four kids pose on a stage .	several children are posing on a landing .	0
four kids pose on a stage .	young men lounges on a classroom goal .	0
four kids pose on a stage .	a group watching game on a stage .	0
four kids pose on a stage .	several woman wearing hat on a tripod .	0
four kids pose on a stage .	several a crowd watching on a senior .	0
four kids pose on a stage .	several boy are working on a steering planets	0
four kids pose on a stage .	a group plugging on a spider rail .	0
four kids pose on a stage .	several woman play together on a stage .	0
four kids pose on a stage .	several men are playing on a gallery .	0
four kids pose on a stage .	a group play together on a stage .	0
four kids pose on a stage .	several children are posing on a load .	0
four kids pose on a stage .	several woman play together on a sundae .	0
four kids pose on a stage .	several boy are playing on a puking wildflowers .	0
four kids pose on a stage .	several woman riding hand on a teeter .	0
four kids pose on a stage .	several boy laying posing on a stage .	0
four kids pose on a stage .	several woman play together on a stage .	0
four kids pose on a stage .	several woman play together on a reporter .	0
four kids pose on a stage .	several woman play together on a dandelion .	0
four kids pose on a stage .	young men are playing on a teeter .	0
four kids pose on a stage .	several boy working on for a steer .	0
four kids pose on a stage .	young men works on a wizard downtown .	0
a lit girl splashes around in natural water .	a woman splashes in water .	0
a lit girl splashes around in natural water .	a woman splashes in water .	0
a lit girl splashes around in natural water .	a woman splashes .	0
a lit girl splashes around in natural water .	a woman admires in water . <oov>	0
a lit girl splashes around in natural water .	a woman zooms dripping .	0
a lit girl splashes around in natural water .	a woman contains careful .	0
a lit girl splashes around in natural water .	a woman splashes in water .	0
a lit girl splashes around in natural water .	a woman splashes in water .	0
a lit girl splashes around in natural water .	a woman rolls in water .	0
a lit girl splashes around in natural water .	a woman splashes in water .	0
a lit girl splashes around in natural water .	a woman splashes in water .	0
a lit girl splashes around in natural water .	a woman splashes in water .	0
a lit girl splashes around in natural water .	a woman receives .	0
a lit girl splashes around in natural water .	a woman splashes in water . <oov>	0
a lit girl splashes around in natural water .	a woman splashes in water .	0
a lit girl splashes around in natural water .	a woman catches in . is	0
a lit girl splashes around in natural water .	a woman leisure in water . took	0
a lit girl splashes around in natural water .	a woman aims in water . 's	0
a lit girl splashes around in natural water .	a woman splashes .	0
a lit girl splashes around in natural water .	a woman splashes in water . attach	0
a lit girl splashes around in natural water .	a woman splashes .	0
a lit girl splashes around in natural water .	a woman splashes in . a	0
a lit girl splashes around in natural water .	a woman splashes in water .	0
a lit girl splashes around in natural water .	a woman splashes in water . 's	0
a lit girl splashes around in natural water .	a woman splashes in water . a	0
a lit girl splashes around in natural water .	a woman splashes in water .	0
a lit girl splashes around in natural water .	a woman splashes in water . a	0
a lit girl splashes around in natural water .	a woman splashes in water .	0
a lit girl splashes around in natural water .	a woman splashes in water .	0
a lit girl splashes around in natural water .	a woman inhaling upside-down .	0
a lit girl splashes around in natural water .	a woman tidying in water .	0
a lit girl splashes around in natural water .	a woman splashes in water .	0
a lit girl splashes around in natural water .	a woman splashes in water .	0
a lit girl splashes around in natural water .	a woman raking in . snowing	0
a lit girl splashes around in natural water .	a woman escapes in water . a	0
a lit girl splashes around in natural water .	a woman travels in water . <oov>	0
a lit girl splashes around in natural water .	a woman concentrating in water . .	0
a lit girl splashes around in natural water .	a woman splashes in water . 's	0
a lit girl splashes around in natural water .	a woman splashes in water . mob	0
a lit girl splashes around in natural water .	a woman passed in water . a	0
people at a farmer 's market .	the man is an elmo for ace warehouse .	1
people at a farmer 's market .	the man is playing scrabble in a jacket .	1
people at a farmer 's market .	the man is near a leather headed horizontal .	1
people at a farmer 's market .	the man is eating flowers using a dish .	1
people at a farmer 's market .	the man is playing third world mart warehouse .	1
people at a farmer 's market .	the man is playing scrabble in a jacket .	1
people at a farmer 's market .	the man is near a podium 's cane .	1
people at a farmer 's market .	the man is playing scrabble in a pool	1
people at a farmer 's market .	the man is wiping a kick container .	1
people at a farmer 's market .	a man is cuddles near a internet vendor .	1
people at a farmer 's market .	the man is near a gazelle 's market .	1
people at a farmer 's market .	a man is fixing a kibble 's market .	1
people at a farmer 's market .	the man is playing volley a market .	1
people at a farmer 's market .	a man is coloring a desolate ' nap .	1
people at a farmer 's market .	the man is playing cinder boxers to snowshoes .	1
people at a farmer 's market .	the man is near a compound 's jacket .	1
people at a farmer 's market .	a man is allergic an all scrabble designs .	1
people at a farmer 's market .	the man is guiding at a penalty .	1
people at a farmer 's market .	a man is an anchor shoot seaweed penguins .	1
people at a farmer 's market .	a man is 30 a passenger ball building .	1
people at a farmer 's market .	the man is playing white sick staring .	1
people at a farmer 's market .	the man is playing airborne practice a frisbee .	1
people at a farmer 's market .	a man is trotting at a farmer market .	1
people at a farmer 's market .	the man is sticks near a mess shop .	1
people at a farmer 's market .	a man is fixing a farmer market shipwreck .	1
people at a farmer 's market .	the man is near a lighthouse bud facility .	1
people at a farmer 's market .	the man is playing world walgreens pageant winter .	1
people at a farmer 's market .	a person are in a workshop city .	2
people at a farmer 's market .	a woman is swimming in grocery store .	2
people at a farmer 's market .	a man in a silver of store .	2
people at a farmer 's market .	a man holds a person of skiiers .	2
people at a farmer 's market .	a woman is swimming in a store .	2
people at a farmer 's market .	a woman is swimming world expert grocery .	2
people at a farmer 's market .	a woman is eating a grocery store .	2
people at a farmer 's market .	a woman orders a guy grocery store .	2
people at a farmer 's market .	a woman is swimming by grocery store .	2
people at a farmer 's market .	a woman watching a guy grocery skateboard .	2
people at a farmer 's market .	a man is watching the relay nyc .	0
people at a farmer 's market .	a man is playing the stuff saxophone .	0
people at a farmer 's market .	a man is playing the plant puppets .	0
people at a farmer 's market .	a man is playing the wild saxophone .	0
people at a farmer 's market .	a man is playing the wild saxophone .	0
people at a farmer 's market .	a man is watching the using chopsticks .	0
people at a farmer 's market .	a man is sniffing the starting meal .	0
people at a farmer 's market .	a man is playing the wild harbor .	0
people at a farmer 's market .	a man is playing the wild crevice .	0
people at a farmer 's market .	a man is playing the wild saxophone .	0
people at a farmer 's market .	a man is playing the wild winter .	0
people at a farmer 's market .	a man is playing the manhattan fountains .	0
people at a farmer 's market .	a man is watching the using lecture .	0
people at a farmer 's market .	a man is playing the wild saxophone .	0
people at a farmer 's market .	a man is playing the wild engine .	0
people at a farmer 's market .	a cage is playing the plant crops .	0
people at a farmer 's market .	a man is playing the wild winter .	0
people at a farmer 's market .	a man is playing the wild saxophone .	0
people at a farmer 's market .	a man is playing the wild harbor .	0
people at a farmer 's market .	a man is playing the wild harbor .	0
people at a farmer 's market .	a man is playing the wild saxophone .	0
people at a farmer 's market .	a man is watching the calm market .	0
people at a farmer 's market .	a man is playing the wild scout .	0
people at a farmer 's market .	a man is playing the wild bbq . virginia	0
people at a farmer 's market .	a man is playing the wild meal .	0
people at a farmer 's market .	a man is playing the wild cupcakes .	0
people at a farmer 's market .	a man is playing the soul cats .	0
people at a farmer 's market .	a man is playing the wild saxophone .	0
people at a farmer 's market .	a man is playing the wild airplanes .	0
people at a farmer 's market .	a man is playing the wild saxophone .	0
people at a farmer 's market .	a man is playing the wild saucer .	0
people at a farmer 's market .	a man is playing the wild saxophone .	0
people at a farmer 's market .	a man is playing the wild venus .	0
people at a farmer 's market .	a man is playing the wild house .	0
people at a farmer 's market .	a man is playing his tee ball .	0
people at a farmer 's market .	a man is playing the wild instructions .	0
four people enjoying an art exhibit .	four men are eating on a machinery .	2
four people enjoying an art exhibit .	four men are eating on a machinery .	2
four people enjoying an art exhibit .	four men are eating on a machinery	2
four people enjoying an art exhibit .	the men study on a machinery play	2
four people enjoying an art exhibit .	the man playing on a striped bar .	2
four people enjoying an art exhibit .	four people are eating on a machinery .	2
four people enjoying an art exhibit .	two men talk and a bar on art coca	2
four people enjoying an art exhibit .	four men are eating on a machinery .	2
four people enjoying an art exhibit .	four men eating pickles on a couch .	2
four people enjoying an art exhibit .	four men are eating on a couch .	2
four people enjoying an art exhibit .	two men walking on a cage bar	2
four people enjoying an art exhibit .	four men are lying on a machinery .	2
four people enjoying an art exhibit .	younger 5 man eating wrecked art at art	0
four people enjoying an art exhibit .	another person peeks <oov> working at colorful huts	0
four people enjoying an art exhibit .	martial arts boats of an art citizens .	0
four people enjoying an art exhibit .	martial arts people on cobblestone art at event .	0
four people enjoying an art exhibit .	martial boats on a mayor at art festival .	0
four people enjoying an art exhibit .	happy child in husbands looking out adjusting eyes	0
four people enjoying an art exhibit .	martial man on 5 machine at a trial festival	0
four people enjoying an art exhibit .	brunette girl resting while looking at a drummer .	0
four people enjoying an art exhibit .	bruce another boy falling freely at art sticks .	0
four people enjoying an art exhibit .	another woman lying front of cardboard eat safely	0
four people enjoying an art exhibit .	martial boats on a wide looking at marketplace .	0
four people enjoying an art exhibit .	little girl have been walking out concrete storefront .	0
four people enjoying an art exhibit .	bruce child in outdoor walks downhill outside	0
four people enjoying an art exhibit .	martial boy standing <oov> looking at a celebration .	0
four people enjoying an art exhibit .	video games 's sit ready for shoe sunrise	0
four people enjoying an art exhibit .	martial arts boy laying looking <oov> at egyptian restaurant	0
four people enjoying an art exhibit .	an child wearing <oov> looking at a brush .	0
four people enjoying an art exhibit .	how person poised prepares business muscles at art ?	0
four people enjoying an art exhibit .	martial boats boy in art gallery at home .	0
four people enjoying an art exhibit .	brunette woman is filling overboard at church station	0
four people enjoying an art exhibit .	happy little boy looking dogs at a vat .	0
four people enjoying an art exhibit .	shouting hanging <oov> woman looking at art flag	0
four people enjoying an art exhibit .	feast life 's picture of trees at sunrise .	0
four people enjoying an art exhibit .	martial arts boy standing outside topless 's weather	0
four people enjoying an art exhibit .	another boy plays christmas materials at home .	0
four people enjoying an art exhibit .	martial artists 's picture of an art scene .	0
four people enjoying an art exhibit .	another girl carving cooler from out to approaching water	0
four people enjoying an art exhibit .	track white dogs are looking at art race .	0
four people enjoying an art exhibit .	happy boy eating <oov> looking at hamburger .	0
four people enjoying an art exhibit .	here blond boy swimming pool outside hairstyle .	0
four people enjoying an art exhibit .	martial on man found christmas at enjoying sunrise .	0
four people enjoying an art exhibit .	another girl set dines looking at funny	0
four people enjoying an art exhibit .	how many sit <oov> before carpenter art ?	0
four people enjoying an art exhibit .	happy friends soon <oov> looking at home	0
four people enjoying an art exhibit .	smiling female man in scrubs fact skateboarding !	0
four people enjoying an art exhibit .	hockey that man balances from grinding crossing	0
four people enjoying an art exhibit .	martial artist man in water jamming outside chases scenes	0
four people enjoying an art exhibit .	every young person sleeping <oov> at fishing	0
people sitting on stools looking outside .	woman is bleeding asked . .	0
people sitting on stools looking outside .	people look butterflies outside . cocoa is	0
people sitting on stools looking outside .	someone is 100 his light .	0
people sitting on stools looking outside .	woman is announcing outside . to	0
people sitting on stools looking outside .	woman photographs is billiards . ` footwear	0
people sitting on stools looking outside .	people look eggplant outside . .	0
people sitting on stools looking outside .	people look flipped tall .	0
people sitting on stools looking outside .	woman is stepping his .	0
people sitting on stools looking outside .	people look pleased outside . is	0
people sitting on stools looking outside .	people look objects outside . <oov> showing	0
people sitting on stools looking outside .	ups people relatives outside . people transported	0
people sitting on stools looking outside .	people look outside matter .	0
people sitting on stools looking outside .	woman is roasting his .	0
people sitting on stools looking outside .	woman is groceries his .	0
people sitting on stools looking outside .	people equal york on . ` people	0
people sitting on stools looking outside .	people chant magician on .	0
people sitting on stools looking outside .	woman is pale his sacks . reading	0
people sitting on stools looking outside .	people knights bodies on .	0
people sitting on stools looking outside .	people dueling boarded outside . .	0
people sitting on stools looking outside .	in the sweater was loud the balance .	2
people sitting on stools looking outside .	people use a mad with broken snowman .	2
people sitting on stools looking outside .	people standing for trout with books writing .	2
people sitting on stools looking outside .	people smoothing at cards around the line .	2
people sitting on stools looking outside .	there is a sipping tugging is vacuuming .	2
people sitting on stools looking outside .	people at a glass is filled started .	2
people sitting on stools looking outside .	people use a speech is fielding indoors .	2
people sitting on stools looking outside .	people use a cavity ski with colorful .	2
people sitting on stools looking outside .	people use too milk ski with dragon .	2
people sitting on stools looking outside .	people use eyeglasses is snarling playoff books .	2
people sitting on stools looking outside .	people an experienced county with books ingredients .	2
people sitting on stools looking outside .	in seller gets employees is taking shares .	2
people sitting on stools looking outside .	a bench is shooting late with books .	2
people sitting on stools looking outside .	people use a cricket elephant with family .	2
people sitting on stools looking outside .	people march at a self is sprawled ?	2
people sitting on stools looking outside .	is working measuring outdoor grill with writing .	2
people sitting on stools looking outside .	people use a prank is storming fort .	2
people sitting on stools looking outside .	people use a quick taking with writing .	2
people sitting on stools looking outside .	a carpenter is night moves with writing .	2
people sitting on stools looking outside .	people look at santa with black raised .	2
people sitting on stools looking outside .	people use hello gymnasts aloud is boyfriend .	2
people sitting on stools looking outside .	people use a special with sack <oov> .	2
people sitting on stools looking outside .	people use a boom with <oov> stains .	2
people sitting on stools looking outside .	people at a glass suburban with barriers .	2
people sitting on stools looking outside .	people at a glass burst street cup .	2
people sitting on stools looking outside .	people a mad is sales with books .	2
people sitting on stools looking outside .	people at a glass birth with family .	2
people sitting on stools looking outside .	people cheering for causing <oov> with atvs .	2
people sitting on stools looking outside .	people march at a day is brightly .	2
people sitting on stools looking outside .	people await cans a brown light is below .	2
people sitting on stools looking outside .	people use a remote is taking carve .	2
people sitting on stools looking outside .	an man is causing they nice views .	2
people sitting on stools looking outside .	there is a politician wheeler with her family .	2
people sitting on stools looking outside .	the railway is offering backwards with writing .	2
numerous customers browsing for produce in a market .	a man who are catching a .	1
numerous customers browsing for produce in a market .	a boy does yoga to build .	1
numerous customers browsing for produce in a market .	a boy does the summer wheelchairs .	1
numerous customers browsing for produce in a market .	a man jumping hiking catching a game .	1
numerous customers browsing for produce in a market .	a boy does the makeup johns .	1
numerous customers browsing for produce in a market .	a man forgot a gym and child .	1
numerous customers browsing for produce in a market .	a man and volunteer throwing overhead .	1
numerous customers browsing for produce in a market .	a people are spinning to dancing .	1
numerous customers browsing for produce in a market .	a man preparing dinner for any .	1
numerous customers browsing for produce in a market .	a man preparing a nail saxaphone .	1
numerous customers browsing for produce in a market .	some people are records renovating the .	1
numerous customers browsing for produce in a market .	a man preparing a deer and tank .	1
numerous customers browsing for produce in a market .	a corner of donations throwing flowers .	1
numerous customers browsing for produce in a market .	a shirt mob catching a watermelons .	1
numerous customers browsing for produce in a market .	a man records the gym jello .	1
numerous customers browsing for produce in a market .	a man stands ironing eachother among .	1
numerous customers browsing for produce in a market .	a man thinks a slinky trampoline .	1
numerous customers browsing for produce in a market .	a boy does yoga to harp .	1
numerous customers browsing for produce in a market .	a man posters the gym watermelons .	1
numerous customers browsing for produce in a market .	a boy does yoga to makeup .	1
numerous customers browsing for produce in a market .	a people are attracted up cardboard .	1
numerous customers browsing for produce in a market .	a woman is pictured for dead .	1
numerous customers browsing for produce in a market .	a boy does the gym match .	1
numerous customers browsing for produce in a market .	a bridesmaid woman broke left watch .	1
numerous customers browsing for produce in a market .	a man records the peaceful competition .	1
numerous customers browsing for produce in a market .	a boy does yoga green wand .	1
numerous customers browsing for produce in a market .	a man stands out fast around .	1
numerous customers browsing for produce in a market .	a woman is spitting a gym .	1
numerous customers browsing for produce in a market .	a man preparing a green cook .	1
numerous customers browsing for produce in a market .	a shirt woman for beers hiking .	1
numerous customers browsing for produce in a market .	a boy does punk gym stairwell .	1
numerous customers browsing for produce in a market .	a boy does yoga to trombone .	1
numerous customers browsing for produce in a market .	a boy does poster to dancing .	1
numerous customers browsing for produce in a market .	a boy does the jungle gym .	1
numerous customers browsing for produce in a market .	a people preparing themselves gym watermelons .	1
numerous customers browsing for produce in a market .	a boy does volunteer birthday watch .	1
numerous customers browsing for produce in a market .	some man are wants for green .	1
numerous customers browsing for produce in a market .	a people dragon hats .	0
numerous customers browsing for produce in a market .	a people preparing sport .	0
numerous customers browsing for produce in a market .	a people dragon hats .	0
numerous customers browsing for produce in a market .	a people shadows laundry .	0
numerous customers browsing for produce in a market .	a people shopping angry . .	0
numerous customers browsing for produce in a market .	a people preparing air .	0
numerous customers browsing for produce in a market .	a people are packed . football	0
numerous customers browsing for produce in a market .	a people shopping middle-eastern .	0
numerous customers browsing for produce in a market .	a people festive guards . football	0
numerous customers browsing for produce in a market .	a people presenting earrings .	0
numerous customers browsing for produce in a market .	a people dragon hats .	0
numerous customers browsing for produce in a market .	a people presenting peanuts . a turkey	0
numerous customers browsing for produce in a market .	a people are tortillas .	0
numerous customers browsing for produce in a market .	a people are presenting .	0
numerous customers browsing for produce in a market .	a people shopping underground . .	0
numerous customers browsing for produce in a market .	a people groups decide . is	0
numerous customers browsing for produce in a market .	a people shopping stories . is	0
numerous customers browsing for produce in a market .	a people festive air .	0
numerous customers browsing for produce in a market .	a people died air .	0
numerous customers browsing for produce in a market .	a people presenting sled . .	0
numerous customers browsing for produce in a market .	a people think spots .	0
numerous customers browsing for produce in a market .	a people dragon steak . .	0
numerous customers browsing for produce in a market .	a people shopping learning . .	0
numerous customers browsing for produce in a market .	a people presenting .	0
numerous customers browsing for produce in a market .	a people shopping angry . .	0
numerous customers browsing for produce in a market .	the young man love beer . is	2
numerous customers browsing for produce in a market .	a not baking young . donkeys	2
numerous customers browsing for produce in a market .	a children just showering . .	2
numerous customers browsing for produce in a market .	a goose group badges . football .	2
numerous customers browsing for produce in a market .	two men are scramble reads . people	2
numerous customers browsing for produce in a market .	a group shows them . people turkey	2
numerous customers browsing for produce in a market .	a boy among running . has	2
numerous customers browsing for produce in a market .	the young men are unsupervised . people	2
numerous customers browsing for produce in a market .	a young men mowing tv . woman fox	2
numerous customers browsing for produce in a market .	a group shows bicycle .	2
numerous customers browsing for produce in a market .	a group shows love .	2
some kids are wrestling on an inflatable raft	some person playing with a butt bird .	2
some kids are wrestling on an inflatable raft	some person is riding in a narrow .	2
some kids are wrestling on an inflatable raft	some person poses with a wave skills .	2
some kids are wrestling on an inflatable raft	some person with a panda wave bird ?	2
some kids are wrestling on an inflatable raft	some person playing with a wave cool .	2
some kids are wrestling on an inflatable raft	some person tying was in a dusty .	2
some kids are wrestling on an inflatable raft	a bird was watching a man hammer .	2
some kids are wrestling on an inflatable raft	some person is with a massive wave .	2
some kids are wrestling on an inflatable raft	some person with a railing anger some stuff	2
some kids are wrestling on an inflatable raft	some person was watching a enter run .	2
some kids are wrestling on an inflatable raft	some person with makeup in a historical .	2
some kids are wrestling on an inflatable raft	some person playing with a red wrestler .	2
some kids are wrestling on an inflatable raft	a bird was playing a large mouse .	2
some kids are wrestling on an inflatable raft	some person playing with a red crayon .	2
some kids are wrestling on an inflatable raft	some person with a workshop in narrow .	2
some kids are wrestling on an inflatable raft	a bird was playing a some wrestler .	2
some kids are wrestling on an inflatable raft	some person is playing with a red bag	2
some kids are wrestling on an inflatable raft	some person is playing with a red bag	2
some kids are wrestling on an inflatable raft	some person is riding a man trimmed down .	2
some kids are wrestling on an inflatable raft	some person dreaming with a big wave .	2
some kids are wrestling on an inflatable raft	some person is riding a man by .	2
some kids are wrestling on an inflatable raft	some person is riding a man trimmed .	2
some kids are wrestling on an inflatable raft	some person sits with a black container .	2
some kids are wrestling on an inflatable raft	some person with packages in a narrow .	2
some kids are wrestling on an inflatable raft	some person is riding a man grilling .	2
some kids are wrestling on an inflatable raft	some person is playing with a red bag	2
some kids are wrestling on an inflatable raft	some person is riding a man intently .	2
some kids are wrestling on an inflatable raft	some person is riding in a narrow .	2
some kids are wrestling on an inflatable raft	some person is riding in a narrow .	2
some kids are wrestling on an inflatable raft	some person poses with a wave staircase .	2
some kids are wrestling on an inflatable raft	some person is playing with a red bag	2
some kids are wrestling on an inflatable raft	some person is riding in a narrow .	2
some kids are wrestling on an inflatable raft	a bird was playing a what surfing .	2
some kids are wrestling on an inflatable raft	some kids playing with a <oov> camera .	2
some kids are wrestling on an inflatable raft	some person is riding a man grilling .	2
some kids are wrestling on an inflatable raft	some person around with a red man .	2
some kids are wrestling on an inflatable raft	some person is playing with a red bag	2
some kids are wrestling on an inflatable raft	a boy is playing with a red bistro	0
some kids are wrestling on an inflatable raft	a boy is playing a cigar broom	0
some kids are wrestling on an inflatable raft	a boy is playing with a building .	0
some kids are wrestling on an inflatable raft	a boy is playing a cable brush .	0
some kids are wrestling on an inflatable raft	a boy is playing a well brush .	0
some kids are wrestling on an inflatable raft	a boy is playing a cigar cigar .	0
some kids are wrestling on an inflatable raft	a boy is playing a grape shit .	0
some kids are wrestling on an inflatable raft	a boy is playing a bedroom stroller .	0
some kids are wrestling on an inflatable raft	a boy is playing with a poster .	0
some kids are wrestling on an inflatable raft	a boy is playing with a stroller .	0
some kids are wrestling on an inflatable raft	a boy is playing a underneath goodbye .	0
some kids are wrestling on an inflatable raft	a boy is playing with a bathtub .	0
some kids are wrestling on an inflatable raft	a boy is playing with a popsicle .	0
some kids are wrestling on an inflatable raft	a boy is playing a well brush .	0
some kids are wrestling on an inflatable raft	a boy is playing with a brush .	0
some kids are wrestling on an inflatable raft	a boy is playing a cigar brush .	0
some kids are wrestling on an inflatable raft	a boy is playing with a brush .	0
some kids are wrestling on an inflatable raft	a boy is playing with a red toys	0
some kids are wrestling on an inflatable raft	a boy is playing with a brush .	0
some kids are wrestling on an inflatable raft	a boy is playing with a poster .	0
some kids are wrestling on an inflatable raft	a boy is carrying a motorcycle bridge .	0
some kids are wrestling on an inflatable raft	a boy is playing with a brush .	0
a group of asian girls are standing together .	there are boys is showing .	2
a group of asian girls are standing together .	there are boys waterskiing together . of soccer	2
a group of asian girls are standing together .	there are boys is speaking together . sleeps	2
a group of asian girls are standing together .	there are boys is portable . a	2
a group of asian girls are standing together .	there are boys play together . groups <oov>	2
a group of asian girls are standing together .	there are boys watching tv together . .	2
a group of asian girls are standing together .	there are boys eating together outdoors . in	2
a group of asian girls are standing together .	there are boys playing basketball together .	2
a group of asian girls are standing together .	there are boys playing action together . a	2
a group of asian girls are standing together .	there are boys play together . to a	2
a group of asian girls are standing together .	there are boys is riding together . a	2
a group of asian girls are standing together .	there are boys is tailgating together . in	2
a group of asian girls are standing together .	there are boys wearing a together .	2
a group of asian girls are standing together .	there are boys starring outdoors together . tool	2
a group of asian girls are standing together .	there are boys clapping together . . <oov>	2
a group of asian girls are standing together .	a child 's picture and standing together sleeping	0
a group of asian girls are standing together .	a sleeping woman pulling and kid balloon together .	0
a group of asian girls are standing together .	there 's the girls depicted standing together .	0
a group of asian girls are standing together .	there are many people eating live standing together outdoors	0
a group of asian girls are standing together .	a wealthy boy plays under an pet guitars .	0
a group of asian girls are standing together .	a tan boy plays bets and holding together	0
a group of asian girls are standing together .	there are many people eating wax together outdoors .	0
a group of asian girls are standing together .	there are many girls walking on a floor .	0
a group of asian girls are standing together .	there 's the skiiers and was standing together	0
a group of asian girls are standing together .	there 's the lady nervously standing together .	0
a group of asian girls are standing together .	there are many people eating standing together outdoors .	0
a group of asian girls are standing together .	there 's the child made an old cage	0
a group of asian girls are standing together .	there 's the girls have and climbs athletes .	0
a group of asian girls are standing together .	there 's the child made an magazine together .	0
a group of asian girls are standing together .	there are many people eating during together outdoors .	0
a group of asian girls are standing together .	a child 's feet inside and standing together .	0
a group of asian girls are standing together .	a child 's feet and under a stadium .	0
a group of asian girls are standing together .	there 's the many girls watching equipment .	0
a group of asian girls are standing together .	there 's the many time eating sweeper dinner .	0
a group of asian girls are standing together .	there 's the girls depicted of gold .	0
<oov> choir singing at an event .	a choir is singing .	0
<oov> choir singing at an event .	a choir is singing . of	0
<oov> choir singing at an event .	a choir is singing . at	0
<oov> choir singing at an event .	a choir is singing . of	0
<oov> choir singing at an event .	a group is preparing .	0
<oov> choir singing at an event .	a carpenter is bathing surfing . <oov>	0
<oov> choir singing at an event .	a choir is singing . a	0
<oov> choir singing at an event .	a choir is singing . outside	0
<oov> choir singing at an event .	a choir is singing .	0
<oov> choir singing at an event .	a choir is singing . a	0
<oov> choir singing at an event .	a choir is singing . young	0
<oov> choir singing at an event .	a choir is singing . a	0
<oov> choir singing at an event .	a choir is singing .	0
<oov> choir singing at an event .	a choir is singing . of	0
<oov> choir singing at an event .	a choir is singing .	0
<oov> choir singing at an event .	a choir is singing .	0
<oov> choir singing at an event .	a choir is singing .	0
<oov> choir singing at an event .	a human is preparing .	0
<oov> choir singing at an event .	a human is preparing .	0
<oov> choir singing at an event .	a choir is singing . to	0
<oov> choir singing at an event .	a choir is singing . a	0
<oov> choir singing at an event .	a choir is singing . a	0
<oov> choir singing at an event .	a choir is singing .	0
<oov> choir singing at an event .	a choir is singing .	0
<oov> choir singing at an event .	a human is even . is	0
<oov> choir singing at an event .	a is removing is annoyed . <oov>	0
<oov> choir singing at an event .	a is choir bares . doing is	0
<oov> choir singing at an event .	a human is preparing .	0
<oov> choir singing at an event .	a group is determined . a	0
<oov> choir singing at an event .	a choir is singing .	0
<oov> choir singing at an event .	a choir is singing . a	0
<oov> choir singing at an event .	a choir is singing upward . a	0
<oov> choir singing at an event .	a group is preparing .	0
<oov> choir singing at an event .	a choir is singing . to	0
<oov> choir singing at an event .	a choir is singing ingredients .	0
<oov> choir singing at an event .	a choir is singing . and	0
<oov> choir singing at an event .	a choir is singing .	0
<oov> choir singing at an event .	a choir is singing .	0
children receiving places at an award ceremony .	an african excavation ceremony is coming .	0
children receiving places at an award ceremony .	a happy driver is sitting butter .	0
children receiving places at an award ceremony .	an african brings is occurring laundry .	0
children receiving places at an award ceremony .	an african couple won a jet .	0
children receiving places at an award ceremony .	a teen is thinking a pacifier cupcake .	0
children receiving places at an award ceremony .	a happy ceremony is being mixed .	0
children receiving places at an award ceremony .	a an driver is sitting backstage . a	0
children receiving places at an award ceremony .	a an excited is diving facepaint english .	0
children receiving places at an award ceremony .	a conductor is shiny a spiral english .	0
children receiving places at an award ceremony .	a plaza haired is tying up patch .	0
children receiving places at an award ceremony .	a conductor is spying young son .	0
children receiving places at an award ceremony .	a bmx rider is taste backed removed .	0
children receiving places at an award ceremony .	a teen is ceremony of this story .	0
children receiving places at an award ceremony .	a an trims is cargo thread .	0
children receiving places at an award ceremony .	a fixing is turns young a bubble .	0
children receiving places at an award ceremony .	the marathon is sinking fabric a occurring .	0
children receiving places at an award ceremony .	a happy red fabric is lifted logs .	0
children receiving places at an award ceremony .	a drive suv is sitting jet .	0
children receiving places at an award ceremony .	an general wonders is washed butter .	0
children receiving places at an award ceremony .	an african respect tuning a tuna .	0
children receiving places at an award ceremony .	a mailman is helping a labrador .	0
children receiving places at an award ceremony .	a conductor is experiencing a jet mountain .	0
children receiving places at an award ceremony .	the woman is wearing boxing overturned in her son	1
children receiving places at an award ceremony .	the children play cards troupe for a <oov> ship	1
children receiving places at an award ceremony .	the woman is wearing collars on a <oov>	1
children receiving places at an award ceremony .	the group person quietly might instructions in <oov> .	1
children receiving places at an award ceremony .	the children were fixed trash for a <oov> .	1
children receiving places at an award ceremony .	the woman is wearing draped for a <oov> .	1
children receiving places at an award ceremony .	the woman is wearing spacesuit for a <oov> .	1
children receiving places at an award ceremony .	the woman is checking textiles for <oov> in again	1
children receiving places at an award ceremony .	the woman is wearing rinsing for a <oov> .	1
children receiving places at an award ceremony .	the children sit standing underneath for <oov> 's .	1
children receiving places at an award ceremony .	the woman is wearing neon for <oov> a hike	1
children receiving places at an award ceremony .	the children man sit together in a <oov>	1
children receiving places at an award ceremony .	the woman is wearing neon open in <oov> .	1
children receiving places at an award ceremony .	the woman is wearing mardi for a <oov>	1
children receiving places at an award ceremony .	the woman is checking departing in a <oov> .	1
children receiving places at an award ceremony .	the children push amid throught arrested in <oov> .	1
children receiving places at an award ceremony .	the woman is wearing nike twirls in her backyard	1
children receiving places at an award ceremony .	the woman is harness coal for a <oov>	1
children receiving places at an award ceremony .	the woman with great floor in a <oov> room	1
children receiving places at an award ceremony .	the woman is checking sacks in a <oov> .	1
children receiving places at an award ceremony .	the children wearing a medieval that <oov> is sunglasses	1
children receiving places at an award ceremony .	the woman is checking russia at a <oov> .	1
children receiving places at an award ceremony .	the woman is 12 hte for 's <oov> .	1
children receiving places at an award ceremony .	the woman is wearing pulled 6 <oov> in	1
children receiving places at an award ceremony .	the woman is wearing boxing vests in her kitchen	1
a group of people celebrate their asian culture .	a group of people celebrate the streets .	0
two <oov> play with a red ball	two man playing together . a	0
two <oov> play with a red ball	two man playing together . mob	0
two <oov> play with a red ball	two man playing together . .	0
two <oov> play with a red ball	two man playing together . a	0
two <oov> play with a red ball	two dogs playing together .	0
two <oov> play with a red ball	two man playing together .	0
two <oov> play with a red ball	two man playing together .	0
two <oov> play with a red ball	two man playing together . a	0
two <oov> play with a red ball	two man playing together . a	0
two <oov> play with a red ball	two man playing together . a	0
two <oov> play with a red ball	two man playing together . .	0
two <oov> play with a red ball	two man playing together . a	0
two <oov> play with a red ball	two man playing together .	0
two <oov> play with a red ball	two man playing together . .	0
two <oov> play with a red ball	two man playing together . .	0
two <oov> play with a red ball	two man playing together . .	0
two <oov> play with a red ball	two man playing together .	0
two <oov> play with a red ball	two man playing together . .	0
two <oov> play with a red ball	two man playing together . .	0
two <oov> play with a red ball	two man playing together balloons . a wagons	0
two <oov> play with a red ball	two man playing together . breakdancing	0
two <oov> play with a red ball	two man playing together keep . a	0
two <oov> play with a red ball	two man playing together . at	0
two <oov> play with a red ball	two man playing together . .	0
two <oov> play with a red ball	two man playing together . .	0
two <oov> play with a red ball	two man playing together . .	0
two <oov> play with a red ball	two man playing together . attach	0
two <oov> play with a red ball	two man playing together . .	0
two <oov> play with a red ball	two dogs playing together .	0
two <oov> play with a red ball	two man playing together . .	0
two <oov> play with a red ball	two man playing together . .	0
two <oov> play with a red ball	two man playing together . .	0
two <oov> play with a red ball	two man playing together . .	0
two <oov> play with a red ball	two man playing together . .	0
two <oov> play with a red ball	two man playing together . .	0
two <oov> play with a red ball	two dogs playing together .	0
two <oov> play with a red ball	two man playing together . a	0
two <oov> play with a red ball	two man playing together . a	0
two <oov> play with a red ball	two man playing together . a	0
two <oov> play with a red ball	two man playing together . .	0
two <oov> play with a red ball	a cat in a top toward a path .	2
two <oov> play with a red ball	a cat in a bakery wearing sea suit .	2
two <oov> play with a red ball	a cat in a alley suit bull spots .	2
two <oov> play with a red ball	two man playing fetch timeout . bait dior	1
two <oov> play with a red ball	two man playing fetch fill . <oov>	1
two <oov> play with a red ball	two man playing ice laps . a	1
two <oov> play with a red ball	two man playing fetch . with	1
two <oov> play with a red ball	two man playing fetch directions . .	1
two <oov> play with a red ball	two man playing during onstage . a	1
two <oov> play with a red ball	two man playing fetch . a	1
two <oov> play with a red ball	two man playing fetch .	1
two <oov> play with a red ball	two dogs are playing fetch . a	1
two <oov> play with a red ball	two man playing fetch .	1
two <oov> play with a red ball	two man playing fetch . in	1
two <oov> play with a red ball	two man playing fetch . watching	1
two <oov> play with a red ball	two man playing fetch . a	1
two <oov> play with a red ball	two man playing fetch . a	1
two <oov> play with a red ball	two dogs are playing fetch . for piercings	1
two <oov> play with a red ball	two man playing fetch terrain . outside	1
two <oov> play with a red ball	two man playing fetch . a	1
two <oov> play with a red ball	two man playing spice fill .	1
two <oov> play with a red ball	two man playing fetch lights . .	1
two <oov> play with a red ball	two man playing fetch . is	1
two <oov> play with a red ball	two dogs are playing fetch . boy paint	1
two <oov> play with a red ball	two man playing fetch directions . .	1
two <oov> play with a red ball	two man playing fetch . is	1
two <oov> play with a red ball	two man playing fetch google . duck	1
two <oov> play with a red ball	two man playing fetch .	1
two <oov> play with a red ball	two dogs playing fetch fetch . <oov> works	1
two <oov> play with a red ball	two dogs are playing fetch . a	1
two <oov> play with a red ball	two man playing fetch . is	1
two <oov> play with a red ball	two man playing ice cream . a	1
two <oov> play with a red ball	two man playing charging mailbox .	1
two <oov> play with a red ball	two man playing fetch directions . .	1
two <oov> play with a red ball	two dogs are playing fetch . a	1
a man standing on a green boat .	there is a duck indoors . to	1
a man standing on a green boat .	is reading a tricks . to	1
a man standing on a green boat .	is reading <oov> landing . a	1
a man standing on a green boat .	he is outside scooping . a streetlight	1
a man standing on a green boat .	is perched outside tire .	1
a man standing on a green boat .	there is a duck indoors .	1
a man standing on a green boat .	dinner is doing tricks . is	1
a man standing on a green boat .	is reading outside cross . a	1
a man standing on a green boat .	tom is doing tricks . is	1
a man standing on a green boat .	off-white is doing line board .	1
a man standing on a green boat .	friends is doing tricks . children	1
a man standing on a green boat .	it is going well sailing .	1
a man standing on a green boat .	he is going her sailing .	1
a man standing on a green boat .	there is a motorcycle cross .	1
a man standing on a green boat .	friends is performing tricks . `	1
a man standing on a green boat .	is reading <oov> tricks .	1
a man standing on a green boat .	he is doing tricks . to	1
a man standing on a green boat .	their is bike tricks sailing . the	1
a man standing on a green boat .	he is outside analyzing . . turkey	1
a man standing on a green boat .	he is outside analyzing . . a	1
a man standing on a green boat .	he is reading her tricks .	1
artists install a new exhibit in a gallery .	a artists play the rail bars .	2
artists install a new exhibit in a gallery .	4 men are watching the tv .	2
artists install a new exhibit in a gallery .	a artists play the basketball hoop .	2
artists install a new exhibit in a gallery .	a ride watching the tv dominoes . people	2
artists install a new exhibit in a gallery .	old man playing the basketball hoop .	2
artists install a new exhibit in a gallery .	a dress watching the tv show .	2
artists install a new exhibit in a gallery .	a artists play the basketball hoop .	2
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	three action zooms late	0
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	three at balloons may	0
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	people bending old cat	0
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	people sitting saved upright	0
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	woman make balloons figures	0
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	people make balloons appliances	0
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	its hike down posing	0
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	its getting ready inside	0
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	its getting ready inside	0
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	three gentlemen balloons suspicious	0
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	people cry reptile together	0
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	ten having presents keyboards	0
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	people sitting eat sweaters	0
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	three white players fence	0
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	boy getting balloons inside	0
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	three white window tree	0
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	one man cooks balloons	0
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	two servers balloons marijuana	0
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	people having gin down	0
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	people crashes tree branches	0
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	papers getting ready inside	0
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	three woman balloons become	0
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	people having sex sandwiches	0
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	scythe getting animals ready	0
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	people take a printing	0
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	three woman balloons marks	0
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	three guitarists having sex	0
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	its getting ready inside	0
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	medicine cleaners scowling strong	0
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	three woman balloons declared	0
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	people having plates pull	0
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	its hong down rubble	0
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	people cry agent return	0
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	people sitting synchronized anniversary	0
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	three guitarists having bells	0
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	indigenous men vessel balloons	0
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	its getting a cab	0
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	boy getting balloons inside	0
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	three woman sipping packs	0
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	people old africans dishes	0
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	the conductor is too kids	1
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	the hockey display is rather	1
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	the hockey opened is helpful	1
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	the girl is debris around	1
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	the hockey is crocheting bird	1
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	the girl is too kids	1
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	the girl is experienced around	1
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	the bench is kids speech	1
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	an man is filing around	1
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	the girl is too kids	1
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	the girl is seeking for chocolate	1
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	woman is pulling yoga	1
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	is perform for boys	1
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	the girl is halloween sewing	1
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	an man drinks activity	1
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	the court is kids	1
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	woman is kept for kids	1
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	woman is ignore for kids	1
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	the percussion in graffiti cage	1
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	woman is anxious for breasts	1
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	an man is digging	1
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	the girl is experienced kids	1
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	the hockey nets is kids	1
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	the girl is halloween kids	1
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	the woman is kids speech	1
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	children is filing kids	1
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	the woman is rescuing around	1
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	the hockey is kids doing	1
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	the girl is hot foods	1
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	the girl is available kids	1
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	an man calls for diary	1
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	the brunette is preparing valley	1
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	an man battling for boys	1
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	the woman is experienced around	1
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	children is skating on stage	1
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	the girl is reclining hard	1
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	the girl is too kids	1
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	the girl is fleece around	1
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	man passes the tunnel to get into .	2
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	angry man playing the elderly crossing building .	2
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	a prostitute at the rodeo mother .	2
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	needles has at the loom intently red .	2
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	man unmarked the sidewalk with hit homework .	2
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	a dog at the death crossing .	2
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	a surfboarder standing at the passerby crossing	2
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	man visits the sidewalk to sounds vegetables .	2
asian people about to perform animal balloons .	neither the food at the moon try .	2
oh <oov> these <oov> cant catch me .	a man shake site . .	2
oh <oov> these <oov> cant catch me .	a man flips paper . .	2
oh <oov> these <oov> cant catch me .	a man shake helmet .	2
oh <oov> these <oov> cant catch me .	a man flips vw . .	2
oh <oov> these <oov> cant catch me .	a man owns provocative .	2
oh <oov> these <oov> cant catch me .	a man with bright . .	2
oh <oov> these <oov> cant catch me .	a man with boxes . .	2
oh <oov> these <oov> cant catch me .	a man quenching paper . .	2
oh <oov> these <oov> cant catch me .	a man with bright . . .	2
oh <oov> these <oov> cant catch me .	a man with bright . .	2
oh <oov> these <oov> cant catch me .	a man with bright . .	2
oh <oov> these <oov> cant catch me .	a man flips motorcycle . .	2
oh <oov> these <oov> cant catch me .	a man shake site . .	2
oh <oov> these <oov> cant catch me .	a man is right . .	2
oh <oov> these <oov> cant catch me .	a man with tightrope .	2
oh <oov> these <oov> cant catch me .	a man shake site . .	2
oh <oov> these <oov> cant catch me .	a man with bright . .	2
oh <oov> these <oov> cant catch me .	a man sunbathes excitedly . .	2
oh <oov> these <oov> cant catch me .	a man flips dresses .	2
oh <oov> these <oov> cant catch me .	a man shake helmet .	2
oh <oov> these <oov> cant catch me .	a man starting entirely . .	2
oh <oov> these <oov> cant catch me .	a man with bright . snowboards .	2
oh <oov> these <oov> cant catch me .	a man flips mower . is yellow	2
a young boy learns how to ride a horse	a boy is purring a pony 's trees .	1
a young boy learns how to ride a horse	a boy is embraces at an observing animals .	1
a young boy learns how to ride a horse	a boy is ending at a drinks landscaping .	1
a young boy learns how to ride a horse	the man is painting at the show drab .	1
a young boy learns how to ride a horse	the man is painting at the circle today	1
a young boy learns how to ride a horse	a boy is guiding near an air outdoor .	1
a young boy learns how to ride a horse	the <oov> kid is pushing in the middle .	1
a young boy learns how to ride a horse	the man is back guiding in the dryer .	1
a young boy learns how to ride a horse	the woman is pooping at an angry person .	1
a young boy learns how to ride a horse	the man is observed at the groom eating .	1
a young boy learns how to ride a horse	a boy is guiding an amateur person throw .	1
a young boy learns how to ride a horse	a the puppy is goats from the shoulders	1
a young boy learns how to ride a horse	a boy is back near from the deserted ground	1
a young boy learns how to ride a horse	the <oov> puppy is soldier in the barn .	1
a young boy learns how to ride a horse	the a puppy is turning near the celebration .	1
a young boy learns how to ride a horse	the man is gliding at the rink festival .	1
a young boy learns how to ride a horse	the woman is jamming at an the rink .	1
two men roasting marshmallows in a fire pit .	the two men are snowboarding cloths	1
two men roasting marshmallows in a fire pit .	the two men are snowboarding somewhere	1
two men roasting marshmallows in a fire pit .	the two men are sleeping shivering	1
two men roasting marshmallows in a fire pit .	the two men are served friends	1
two men roasting marshmallows in a fire pit .	the two men are someones microscopes	1
two men roasting marshmallows in a fire pit .	the two men are friends corgi	1
two men roasting marshmallows in a fire pit .	the two men has a bucket	1
two men roasting marshmallows in a fire pit .	the two men are rowing laundry .	1
two men roasting marshmallows in a fire pit .	the two men are snowboarding good	1
two men roasting marshmallows in a fire pit .	the two men are competitive friends .	1
two men roasting marshmallows in a fire pit .	the two men are snowboarding good	1
two men roasting marshmallows in a fire pit .	the two men are plotting strip .	1
two men roasting marshmallows in a fire pit .	the two men are sleeping rapid .	1
two men roasting marshmallows in a fire pit .	the two men are plying serious	1
two men roasting marshmallows in a fire pit .	the two men are captured canceled	1
two men roasting marshmallows in a fire pit .	the two men are soaked internet	1
two men roasting marshmallows in a fire pit .	the two men are strangers activity .	1
two men roasting marshmallows in a fire pit .	the two men are plotting tuna .	1
two men roasting marshmallows in a fire pit .	the two men are soaked ninja	1
two men roasting marshmallows in a fire pit .	the two men are child pins .	1
two men roasting marshmallows in a fire pit .	the two men are crowd bed	1
two men roasting marshmallows in a fire pit .	the two men are 10 available	1
two men roasting marshmallows in a fire pit .	the two men are about destroying .	1
two men roasting marshmallows in a fire pit .	the two men are sleeping sleep	1
two men roasting marshmallows in a fire pit .	the two men are gummy mental	1
two men roasting marshmallows in a fire pit .	the two men are competitive dessert	1
two men roasting marshmallows in a fire pit .	the two men are snuggling friends .	1
various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing .	men are in wigs	0
various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing .	men are in asia	0
various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing .	men are in showers	0
various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing .	men are in wheelchairs	0
various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing .	men on the foot	0
various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing .	men in the pasture	0
various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing .	men in asia on	0
various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing .	men on the rug	0
various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing .	men in the foreground	0
various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing .	men are in wheelchairs	0
various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing .	men are in carriage	0
various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing .	men are in t-shirts	0
various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing .	men in the lying	0
various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing .	men in the dryer	0
various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing .	men in the daytime	0
various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing .	men are in wheelchairs	0
various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing .	men are in wheelchairs	0
various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing .	men are in daytime	0
various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing .	men are in wheelchairs	0
various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing .	men in period have towels	0
various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing .	men are in wheelchairs	0
various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing .	men on the mosaic	0
various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing .	men on the rug	0
various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing .	men are in wheelchairs	0
various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing .	men on the rug	0
various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing .	men are in wheelchairs	0
various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing .	men are in wheelchairs	0
various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing .	men in the daytime	0
various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing .	men on the rug	0
various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing .	men in the foreground	0
various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing .	men on the escalator	0
various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing .	men are in wheelchairs	0
various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing .	men on the sideline	0
various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing .	men in the life	0
various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing .	men are in carriage	0
various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing .	men on the foot	0
various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing .	men in asia are	0
various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing .	men in the color	0
various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing .	men are in wheelchairs	0
various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing .	men in a rug	0
various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing .	men are standing up	0
various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing .	men standing on a swamp	0
various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing .	men standing are up shore .	0
various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing .	men standing are up proudly	0
various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing .	man standing bored receive home	0
various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing .	men standing are up shore	0
various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing .	men are standing up down	0
various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing .	men are standing up down	0
various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing .	men are standing up posters	0
various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing .	men are standing up	0
various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing .	men are standing up down	0
various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing .	men are standing up down .	0
various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing .	men standing are up flour	0
various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing .	men are standing up posters	0
various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing .	men are standing up down	0
various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing .	men are standing up ...	0
various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing .	men are standing up	0
various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing .	men are standing up down	0
various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing .	men are standing up italy	0
various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing .	men are standing up	0
various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing .	men are standing up down .	0
various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing .	men are standing up down	0
various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing .	men are standing up down	0
various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing .	men are standing up	0
various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing .	men are standing up	0
various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing .	men are standing up	0
various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing .	men are standing up banners	0
various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing .	men are standing up down	0
various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing .	men standing are up tightly	0
various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing .	men are standing up down .	0
various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing .	men standing are up range .	0
various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing .	men are standing up loaf	0
various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing .	men are standing up plates	0
various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing .	men standing are up shore	0
various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing .	men are sleep .	2
various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing .	garden men together . . to	2
various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing .	people are celebrating .	2
various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing .	people are sleep .	2
various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing .	men are sleep .	2
various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing .	a dog killed . .	2
various men in wetsuits and goggles are standing .	man going underground .	2
a younger man dressed in tribal attire .	a young man is jumping . a	0
a younger man dressed in tribal attire .	a young man is jumping . a	0
a younger man dressed in tribal attire .	a young man is culture .	0
a younger man dressed in tribal attire .	a little boy is jumping . is	0
a younger man dressed in tribal attire .	a young man is jumping . to	0
a younger man dressed in tribal attire .	a young man is jumping . a	0
a younger man dressed in tribal attire .	a young man is jumping . a	0
a younger man dressed in tribal attire .	a young man is vibrant .	0
a younger man dressed in tribal attire .	a young man is flipping . a fox	0
a younger man dressed in tribal attire .	a young man is jumping . a	0
a younger man dressed in tribal attire .	a young man is jumping . <oov>	0
a younger man dressed in tribal attire .	a young man is sculpting . cloak children	0
a younger man dressed in tribal attire .	a young man is jumping . a	0
a younger man dressed in tribal attire .	a <oov> is a <oov> martini .	2
a younger man dressed in tribal attire .	a <oov> is a <oov> martini .	2
a younger man dressed in tribal attire .	a <oov> is a black bulldozer . <oov>	2
a younger man dressed in tribal attire .	a <oov> is paperback a swampy .	2
a younger man dressed in tribal attire .	a <oov> is a black mop . minute	2
a younger man dressed in tribal attire .	a man is <oov> a poem .	2
a younger man dressed in tribal attire .	a <oov> is a <oov> holder .	2
a younger man dressed in tribal attire .	a <oov> is a <oov> martini .	2
a younger man dressed in tribal attire .	a boy is <oov> a book .	2
a younger man dressed in tribal attire .	a <oov> is helped a streetlight .	2
a younger man dressed in tribal attire .	a <oov> is a black chalk . a	2
a younger man dressed in tribal attire .	a <oov> is a black treasure . to	2
a younger man dressed in tribal attire .	a boy is <oov> a hurt .	2
a younger man dressed in tribal attire .	a <oov> is running a black .	2
a younger man dressed in tribal attire .	a boy is <oov> a poem .	2
a younger man dressed in tribal attire .	a <oov> is controlling a experiment . farming	2
a younger man dressed in tribal attire .	a man is <oov> a road .	2
a younger man dressed in tribal attire .	a <oov> is a <oov> fixed .	2
a younger man dressed in tribal attire .	a <oov> is a <oov> tracksuit .	2
a younger man dressed in tribal attire .	a <oov> is a <oov> martini .	2
a younger man dressed in tribal attire .	a <oov> is a <oov> martini .	2
a younger man dressed in tribal attire .	a <oov> is a black kitten . a	2
a younger man dressed in tribal attire .	a <oov> is terrified a streetlight . a	2
a younger man dressed in tribal attire .	a man is <oov> a book .	2
a younger man dressed in tribal attire .	a <oov> is a <oov> poem .	2
a younger man dressed in tribal attire .	a <oov> is swimsuit a light .	2
people are enjoying food at a crowded restaurant .	people eating are in this picture feild .	0
people are enjoying food at a crowded restaurant .	woman lectures a limb in an spanish .	0
people are enjoying food at a crowded restaurant .	people are eating in this fish beverages .	0
people are enjoying food at a crowded restaurant .	and girls eating cheese in this picture .	0
people are enjoying food at a crowded restaurant .	people are eating bundle in this photo .	0
people are enjoying food at a crowded restaurant .	woman sweeping in fierce behind this picture .	0
people are enjoying food at a crowded restaurant .	people eating snacks in an empty fish .	0
people are enjoying food at a crowded restaurant .	people are eating in this picture only .	0
people are enjoying food at a crowded restaurant .	people eating a haunted in this picture .	0
people are enjoying food at a crowded restaurant .	boy does a cheerleading on his face .	0
people are enjoying food at a crowded restaurant .	woman operating a white competition among ribbon .	0
people are enjoying food at a crowded restaurant .	people on a long in shallow canoes .	0
people are enjoying food at a crowded restaurant .	people are eating dinner in this picture .	0
people are enjoying food at a crowded restaurant .	woman sweeping on a bubble <oov> multi-color .	0
people are enjoying food at a crowded restaurant .	people eating steak in this hand motorcycles .	0
people are enjoying food at a crowded restaurant .	woman sweeping on a entire overboard indoors .	0
people are enjoying food at a crowded restaurant .	people eating are in this picture extended .	0
people are enjoying food at a crowded restaurant .	woman and follows little in this picture .	0
people are enjoying food at a crowded restaurant .	woman and falls in this park walls .	0
people are enjoying food at a crowded restaurant .	people are eating pipe in this park .	0
people are enjoying food at a crowded restaurant .	people eating are in this time park .	0
people are enjoying food at a crowded restaurant .	people are eating in this time setting .	0
people are enjoying food at a crowded restaurant .	people eating a sacrifice in this park .	0
people are enjoying food at a crowded restaurant .	people are eating in this park locks .	0
people are enjoying food at a crowded restaurant .	people eating fresh <oov> an oak watch . .	0
people are enjoying food at a crowded restaurant .	people board a pier in this picture .	0
people are enjoying food at a crowded restaurant .	people are eating pretzels in this picture .	0
people are enjoying food at a crowded restaurant .	people eating on a tree-lined forehand visor .	0
people are enjoying food at a crowded restaurant .	people are eating in this hand park .	0
people are enjoying food at a crowded restaurant .	woman and skier in exotic church .	0
people are enjoying food at a crowded restaurant .	people are eating baggy in this park .	0
people are enjoying food at a crowded restaurant .	woman sweeping on a balancing his liquor .	0
people are enjoying food at a crowded restaurant .	woman and eating change in thier games .	0
people are enjoying food at a crowded restaurant .	people on a amusement behind two blonde .	0
people are enjoying food at a crowded restaurant .	people eating corn in this low park .	0
people are enjoying food at a crowded restaurant .	people are eating in this low stream .	0
people are enjoying food at a crowded restaurant .	woman and eating snacks in this park .	0
a gas station and a car on fire .	two processing on fire .	0
a gas station and a car on fire .	providing puppy eating outside .	0
a gas station and a car on fire .	puppy colorfully on telephone .	0
a gas station and a car on fire .	two bikers on fire .	0
artist on street corner selling his artwork .	the man is worshiping tightly .	0
artist on street corner selling his artwork .	a man is unsupervised .	0
artist on street corner selling his artwork .	a someone is repelling .	0
artist on street corner selling his artwork .	a women is fleeing .	0
artist on street corner selling his artwork .	the man is oblivious .	0
artist on street corner selling his artwork .	the man is kilts .	0
artist on street corner selling his artwork .	a is mopping alien .	0
artist on street corner selling his artwork .	the man is snoring .	0
artist on street corner selling his artwork .	a man is emotional .	0
artist on street corner selling his artwork .	a man is melting .	0
artist on street corner selling his artwork .	the man is pitbulls .	0
artist on street corner selling his artwork .	a someone is towing .	0
artist on street corner selling his artwork .	the man is drawing .	0
artist on street corner selling his artwork .	a man is grabbing .	0
artist on street corner selling his artwork .	the man is worshiping tv .	0
artist on street corner selling his artwork .	a someone is played .	0
artist on street corner selling his artwork .	the man is sketching .	0
artist on street corner selling his artwork .	someone is separating wheat .	0
artist on street corner selling his artwork .	a women is stripping .	0
artist on street corner selling his artwork .	someone is played mice .	0
artist on street corner selling his artwork .	a man is completing paintings .	0
artist on street corner selling his artwork .	a someone is advertising . is	0
artist on street corner selling his artwork .	a man is filming .	0
artist on street corner selling his artwork .	a man is emotional .	0
artist on street corner selling his artwork .	a construction is greeting mulch .	0
artist on street corner selling his artwork .	the man is selling amongst . `	0
artist on street corner selling his artwork .	a someone is crazy . is	0
artist on street corner selling his artwork .	someone is farmland selling person .	0
artist on street corner selling his artwork .	a shirt is all gliding . at	0
artist on street corner selling his artwork .	a someone is selling sunglasses .	0
artist on street corner selling his artwork .	a someone is selling drinks .	0
artist on street corner selling his artwork .	a construction is bald memories .	0
artist on street corner selling his artwork .	someone is selling beverages . is	0
artist on street corner selling his artwork .	a man is supervising crazy .	0
artist on street corner selling his artwork .	a someone is reflecting whiskey .	0
artist on street corner selling his artwork .	a someone is selling shrimp .	0
artist on street corner selling his artwork .	a someone is crazy tomorrow . is	0
artist on street corner selling his artwork .	a shirt is crazy . <oov>	0
artist on street corner selling his artwork .	a someone is crazy trimming .	0
artist on street corner selling his artwork .	a someone is selling chicken . is	0
artist on street corner selling his artwork .	a shirt is selling drinks . renovating	0
people enjoying food outside of a restaurant .	there woman is outdoors . to church is	0
people enjoying food outside of a restaurant .	there are no bike . ` a	0
people enjoying food outside of a restaurant .	there woman is outdoors . ` is	0
people enjoying food outside of a restaurant .	there woman is outdoors . ` several	0
people enjoying food outside of a restaurant .	there are an old gentleman . ` a	0
people enjoying food outside of a restaurant .	the girl in basketball materials .	0
people enjoying food outside of a restaurant .	there the woman stands outdoors .	0
people enjoying food outside of a restaurant .	there woman is outdoors . ` dark-haired smiling	0
people enjoying food outside of a restaurant .	there woman is outdoors . ` smokey	0
people enjoying food outside of a restaurant .	there are eating bike . the	0
people enjoying food outside of a restaurant .	there woman is outdoors . ` bystander is	0
people enjoying food outside of a restaurant .	there woman is outdoors . ` fox	0
people enjoying food outside of a restaurant .	there and eat outdoors . man is rappelling	0
people enjoying food outside of a restaurant .	there woman is outdoors . ` civilian is	0
people enjoying food outside of a restaurant .	there are white bounced . the girl	0
people enjoying food outside of a restaurant .	there woman is dusty . ingredients ` castle	0
people enjoying food outside of a restaurant .	two friends ride outdoors . a	0
people enjoying food outside of a restaurant .	there woman is outdoors . ` is	0
people enjoying food outside of a restaurant .	there woman is outdoors . ` a	0
people enjoying food outside of a restaurant .	there woman is outdoors . ` fox	0
people enjoying food outside of a restaurant .	two people ride outdoors . to	0
people enjoying food outside of a restaurant .	there are an old fisherman . `	0
people enjoying food outside of a restaurant .	there woman and safely . to	0
people enjoying food outside of a restaurant .	there woman is outdoors . ` bieber	0
people enjoying food outside of a restaurant .	there woman is outdoors . ` a	0
people enjoying food outside of a restaurant .	there woman is outdoors . ` bystander is	0
people enjoying food outside of a restaurant .	there is a white snow . is	0
people enjoying food outside of a restaurant .	there woman is outdoors . ` a	0
people enjoying food outside of a restaurant .	there women girl outdoors . is dangerous	0
people enjoying food outside of a restaurant .	there women girl with materials . during the	0
people enjoying food outside of a restaurant .	there woman is outdoors . ` bright	0
people enjoying food outside of a restaurant .	there woman is outdoors . ` a	0
people enjoying food outside of a restaurant .	there woman is outdoors . ` banjos is	0
people enjoying food outside of a restaurant .	there is a white landing . ` a	0
people enjoying food outside of a restaurant .	there at a theatre . proximity the	0
people enjoying food outside of a restaurant .	there woman is outdoors . ` owner	0
people enjoying food outside of a restaurant .	there woman is outdoors . ` a	0
a woman carrying a bucket of flowers .	a man wins the field of a knife .	2
a woman carrying a bucket of flowers .	a man playing a basket of pickup food .	2
a woman carrying a bucket of flowers .	a man playing a guitar about a raft .	2
a woman carrying a bucket of flowers .	a man braids a school crowded praying top .	2
a woman carrying a bucket of flowers .	a man addresses to a sculpture of steak .	2
a woman carrying a bucket of flowers .	a man doing the paperwork of a chair .	2
a woman carrying a bucket of flowers .	a man views the lunch of a chair .	2
a woman carrying a bucket of flowers .	a man embraces a within really a chair .	2
a woman carrying a bucket of flowers .	a man playing a cleaning extreme read board .	2
a woman carrying a bucket of flowers .	a man as the camera jumps a chair	2
three kids perform a skit about camping .	10 adults cook sipping .	2
three kids perform a skit about camping .	pretty guy loves hoops .	2
three kids perform a skit about camping .	meteor of guys laugh .	2
three kids perform a skit about camping .	photographer dodges kids puking .	2
three kids perform a skit about camping .	five adults enjoyed math .	2
a man pulling items on a cart .	a man is moving inside with a walk .	0
a man pulling items on a cart .	a man is moving marks with a meal .	0
a man pulling items on a cart .	a man is moving graze with a meal .	0
a man pulling items on a cart .	a man is moving grains of a celebration restaurant	0
a man pulling items on a cart .	a man is moving plates in a cart .	0
a little girl listens to a cellphone .	there are a young sniper . <oov>	0
a little girl listens to a cellphone .	there are a young game . people	0
a little girl listens to a cellphone .	there are a young board .	0
a little girl listens to a cellphone .	there are a young squats . a	0
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	the bride are taking person . people	0
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	the sailing slices the store has .	0
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	the chef touches the earthquake . ` a	0
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	the bride are carrying the equipment .	0
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	the bride cheered the other fro . the	0
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	the bride slot for the blues .	0
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	the bride adjusts the trees .	0
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	the bride coca-cola the shaped hose .	0
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	the pay dealer the tractor .	0
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	the sailing testing the other person .	0
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	the fisherman contemplating the instruments . is	0
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	the bride claps the other puppy .	0
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	the gal bought the grand . `	0
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	the bride road the other approach .	0
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	the bride contains the grand crowd . at	0
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	the sailing film the wedding . outdoors	0
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	the bride hot-air the new crowd . to	0
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	the bride dollar the other street .	0
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	the bride bought the other street .	0
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	the sailing seller the pie . `	0
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	the sailing honey the rock swingset . not	0
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	the bride showed the other street .	0
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	the bride bell for his gold .	0
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	the bride displays the orchestra .	0
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	the treading shuttle the blonde crowd .	0
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	the chain thought the person . <oov>	0
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	the crowd <oov> the dead of nothing .	2
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	the crowd <oov> the gazelle of olympics .	2
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	the crowd trains the <oov> race .	2
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	the crowd <oov> the crochet of nothing .	2
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	the crowd <oov> the prisoners of australia .	2
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	the crowd <oov> the young of sunrise .	2
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	the crowd <oov> the competition of sunrise .	2
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	the crowd <oov> tv <oov> the tv .	2
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	the crowd <oov> the competition of igloo .	2
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	the crowd <oov> the drivers 's volcano .	2
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	the crowd <oov> the ocean street today .	2
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	the crowd <oov> the male comic sign .	2
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	the crowd <oov> the traveler of ostrich .	2
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	the crowd <oov> the screen of missing ?	2
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	the crowd <oov> the dead of tulips .	2
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	the crowd <oov> the ocean glassware shade .	2
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	the crowd <oov> the drivers 's time .	2
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	the crowd <oov> the ceramic of tulips .	2
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	the crowd <oov> the competition of playset .	2
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	the crowd <oov> the skies of nothing .	2
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	the crowd <oov> the male adjust cure .	2
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	the crowd <oov> the dead of nothing .	2
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	the crowd <oov> the watering of colorful .	2
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	the crowd <oov> the ocean street signs .	2
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	the crowd from the male red bound .	2
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	the crowd <oov> the cocaine of olympics .	2
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	the newly couple are soaked .	1
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	the newly married bricks artists . <oov>	1
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	the newly couple are cuddling . <oov>	1
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	the newly couple are whitewater .	1
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	little woman vaults tanning .	1
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	the newly couple are games .	1
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	the puppet trims are roadway .	1
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	two sunglasses are asleep rafting .	1
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	the newly couple are schoolwork . <oov>	1
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	the newly wet are blades . at	1
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	the runners wet there turf . at	1
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	the newly only wash crowd . and	1
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	the newly gears plays pigeons . responding boxes	1
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	the newly couple are musicians .	1
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	the newly couple are huddling .	1
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	two scooters haired woman tunes .	1
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	the newly couple are cuddling . pointer	1
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	the newly couple are musicians .	1
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	the main girls dress excitement .	1
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	the newly couple are competitive .	1
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	their little girl bounces paintings .	1
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	the crane only cancelled command . man	1
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	the newly noodle are mexican .	1
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	the newly bikers are blades .	1
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	the newly couple are spread .	1
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	the cones twine are daisies .	1
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	the youth <oov> couple manner . a	1
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	the newly couple are fleeing .	1
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	the newly couple are congregated .	1
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	the newly couple are musicians .	1
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	the sunglasses were asleep pressure .	1
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	the newly couple are barriers . <oov>	1
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	the barber girls are mexican . <oov>	1
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	the newly couple are depressed . a	1
a woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	the newly couple are soaked .	1
a person in an orange shirt reaching up .	a person is ringing up .	0
a person in an orange shirt reaching up .	a person is accepting up .	0
a person in an orange shirt reaching up .	a person is ringing up .	0
a person in an orange shirt reaching up .	a person is reaching up .	0
a person in an orange shirt reaching up .	a person is constructing up .	0
a person in an orange shirt reaching up .	a person is ringing up .	0
a person in an orange shirt reaching up .	a person is constructing up .	0
a person in an orange shirt reaching up .	a person is sitting in a chair .	2
two kids in blue wetsuits surf .	two children grilling .	0
two kids in blue wetsuits surf .	two children surf .	0
two kids in blue wetsuits surf .	two children grapes .	0
two kids in blue wetsuits surf .	two children narrow sail .	0
two kids in blue wetsuits surf .	two children narrow learning .	0
two kids in blue wetsuits surf .	two children crawl . a	0
two kids in blue wetsuits surf .	two children performed .	0
two kids in blue wetsuits surf .	two children balconies idle .	0
two kids in blue wetsuits surf .	two children crawl .	0
two kids in blue wetsuits surf .	two children are shoreline .	0
two kids in blue wetsuits surf .	two children grilling .	0
two kids in blue wetsuits surf .	the boy crows .	0
two kids in blue wetsuits surf .	the children canadian sausages .	0
two kids in blue wetsuits surf .	two children skate .	0
two kids in blue wetsuits surf .	two children dig intently .	0
two kids in blue wetsuits surf .	two children interact .	0
two kids in blue wetsuits surf .	two children worshipping draws .	0
two kids in blue wetsuits surf .	two children volunteers .	0
a family is taking part in a <oov> .	here equipment is waiting on his ferrari .	2
a family is taking part in a <oov> .	here forge is around his water umbrella .	2
a family is taking part in a <oov> .	everyone playing is dribbling his guy bowl .	2
a family is taking part in a <oov> .	here equipment is assisting on his closeup .	2
a family is taking part in a <oov> .	here climber is biting on his hobby .	2
a family is taking part in a <oov> .	asian person is sitting on his ipad .	2
a family is taking part in a <oov> .	here couple is indoors on his roof .	2
a family is taking part in a <oov> .	everyone here is applauding on his roof .	2
a family is taking part in a <oov> .	here sit is moored on his wall .	2
a family is taking part in a <oov> .	here epic is sinking on his wall .	2
a family is taking part in a <oov> .	guests here is on video games looking	2
a family is taking part in a <oov> .	here book is one on his golf .	2
a family is taking part in a <oov> .	everyone here is drifting on his cub bridge	2
a family is taking part in a <oov> .	here huddles is crowd on his thumb .	2
a family is taking part in a <oov> .	asian person is wrapping his park club	2
a family is taking part in a <oov> .	everyone here is watching two girls eat .	2
a family is taking part in a <oov> .	here couple is playing on his structures .	2
a family is taking part in a <oov> .	beautiful here is sore his songs before .	2
a family is taking part in a <oov> .	here gold is crowd on his canoeing .	2
a family is taking part in a <oov> .	everyone here is playing on his harp .	2
a family is taking part in a <oov> .	asian was pigeon is on each wet .	2
a family is taking part in a <oov> .	here wagons is ahead on his hobby .	2
a family is taking part in a <oov> .	here standing such in his shape lady .	2
a family is taking part in a <oov> .	asian person is uniform on his bowl .	2
a family is taking part in a <oov> .	here wearing hoodies is on his asleep .	2
a family is taking part in a <oov> .	concrete equipment is too on his driveway .	2
a family is taking part in a <oov> .	here wolf is on his blowing wall .	2
a family is taking part in a <oov> .	here spent is giving while inside .	2
a family is taking part in a <oov> .	everyone is here on his teddy asleep .	2
a family is taking part in a <oov> .	here long-haired is rescuing on his bed .	2
black dog running very fast .	a cat is running through a telescope .	2
black dog running very fast .	a dog is chasing a duck .	1
black dog running very fast .	a dog is chasing a duck . .	1
black dog running very fast .	a dog is chasing a duck .	1
black dog running very fast .	a dog is chasing a duck .	1
black dog running very fast .	a dog is chasing a duck .	1
three people are walking on a beach .	there are people at the beach .	0
three people are walking on a beach .	there are people at the beach .	0
three people are walking on a beach .	there are people at the beach .	0
three people are walking on a beach .	there are people at the beach .	0
three people are walking on a beach .	there are people at the beach .	0
three people are walking on a beach .	people are eating at the beach .	0
three people are walking on a beach .	there are people at the beach .	0
three people are walking on a beach .	there are people at the beach .	0
three people are walking on a beach .	there are people at the beach .	0
three people are walking on a beach .	there are people at the beach .	0
three people are walking on a beach .	there are people at the beach .	0
three people are walking on a beach .	there are people at the beach .	0
three people are walking on a beach .	there are people at the beach .	0
three people are walking on a beach .	there are people at the beach .	0
three people are walking on a beach .	there are people at the beach .	0
three people are walking on a beach .	there are people at the beach .	0
three people are walking on a beach .	there are people at the beach .	0
three people are walking on a beach .	there are people at the beach .	0
three people are walking on a beach .	there are people at the beach .	0
three people are walking on a beach .	there are people at the beach .	0
three people are walking on a beach .	there are people at the beach .	0
three people are walking on a beach .	there are people at the beach .	0
three people are walking on a beach .	there are people at the beach .	0
three people are walking on a beach .	there are people at the beach .	0
three people are walking on a beach .	there are people at the beach .	0
three people are walking on a beach .	there are people at the beach .	0
three people are walking on a beach .	there are people at the beach .	0
three people are walking on a beach .	there are people at the beach .	0
three people are walking on a beach .	there are people at the beach .	0
three people are walking on a beach .	there are people at the beach .	0
three people are walking on a beach .	there are people at the beach .	0
three people are walking on a beach .	there are people at the beach .	0
three people are walking on a beach .	there are people at the beach .	0
three people are walking on a beach .	there are people at the beach .	0
three people are walking on a beach .	there are people at the beach .	0
three people are walking on a beach .	there are people at the beach .	0
three people are walking on a beach .	there are people at the beach .	0
three people are walking on a beach .	there are people at the beach .	0
three people are walking on a beach .	there are people at the beach .	0
three people are walking on a beach .	there are people at the beach .	0
three people are walking on a beach .	people are swimming in the ocean .	2
cheerleaders standing on a football field .	george a guys outside . .	0
cheerleaders standing on a football field .	gorillas man wearing black . a	0
cheerleaders standing on a football field .	random people are busy .	0
cheerleaders standing on a football field .	excitement are wearing onesie .	0
cheerleaders standing on a football field .	cheerleaders are wearing masks .	0
cheerleaders standing on a football field .	cheerleaders are wearing shades . to	0
cheerleaders standing on a football field .	somebody man wearing black . with friends	0
cheerleaders standing on a football field .	dine white man hotdogs . .	0
cheerleaders standing on a football field .	aliens man wearing vests . thatcher	0
cheerleaders standing on a football field .	classic know to onesie .	0
cheerleaders standing on a football field .	tiny woman wearing masks tiled .	0
cheerleaders standing on a football field .	professor closing wearing work .	0
cheerleaders standing on a football field .	tattooed woman wearing onesie . to	0
cheerleaders standing on a football field .	am are wearing masks .	0
cheerleaders standing on a football field .	another man carries share . to fun	0
cheerleaders standing on a football field .	janitor men share awful .	0
cheerleaders standing on a football field .	joe has busy around . .	0
cheerleaders standing on a football field .	grandma man are outside .	0
cheerleaders standing on a football field .	ball man black work .	0
cheerleaders standing on a football field .	4 men are wearing .	0
cheerleaders standing on a football field .	breed man to fish .	0
cheerleaders standing on a football field .	tradition man seems to .	0
cheerleaders standing on a football field .	14 are wearing black .	0
cheerleaders standing on a football field .	lumberjacks people are wearing . to	0
cheerleaders standing on a football field .	another man visiting viewing .	0
cheerleaders standing on a football field .	a dark haired woman performs shorts .	1
cheerleaders standing on a football field .	a dark helps paddles the dog .	1
cheerleaders standing on a football field .	cheerleaders finding relaxes are staring .	1
cheerleaders standing on a football field .	what does cautious and dining complex ? .	1
cheerleaders standing on a football field .	a practicing image and arm wrestle .	1
cheerleaders standing on a football field .	a dark haired woman is tackled .	1
cheerleaders standing on a football field .	what lighting does the tuberculosis position ?	1
cheerleaders standing on a football field .	a clown preaches the dog does .	1
cheerleaders standing on a football field .	soldier seated and cotton walk .	1
cheerleaders standing on a football field .	brunette football player rollerblading his shirt .	1
cheerleaders standing on a football field .	old person opens the stir shirt .	1
cheerleaders standing on a football field .	a dark labs stared their wood .	1
cheerleaders standing on a football field .	a mailman forgot their last potato .	1
cheerleaders standing on a football field .	a dark equations does the sahara .	1
cheerleaders standing on a football field .	giggle knees and uncomfortable are dressed .	1
cheerleaders standing on a football field .	sled practicing their cellphones shirt . to	1
cheerleaders standing on a football field .	next hall and both people .	1
cheerleaders standing on a football field .	next then basketballs their dog sport .	1
cheerleaders standing on a football field .	a mailman helps and mixing wares .	1
cheerleaders standing on a football field .	14 white bottles gain red routines .	1
a brown dog races through a field .	a group is gangster go out of window .	2
a brown dog races through a field .	a group of dude is still light-skinned stomp .	2
a brown dog races through a field .	a group of this gentlemen is cheering out .	2
a brown dog races through a field .	a dead dog is guarding out of shop .	2
a brown dog races through a field .	a group is ringing proud of digital wet .	2
a brown dog races through a field .	a group is building go out of ice cream	2
a brown dog races through a field .	a group is green shakes out of instruments	2
a brown dog races through a field .	a group is remodeling of clams cutting umbrellas .	2
a brown dog races through a field .	a group of opposing popped of the elephants	2
a brown dog races through a field .	a man is scooping out of the window	2
a brown dog races through a field .	a group is proud of 200 the window .	2
a brown dog races through a field .	a people views is pouncing out of store window	2
a brown dog races through a field .	a group is scooping go out of ice cream	2
a brown dog races through a field .	a man is proud of their elephants back .	2
a brown dog races through a field .	a group is letting of out someone fun .	2
a brown dog races through a field .	a group is ringing entirely go sausage breakdancing .	2
a brown dog races through a field .	a people legged cleanup out of the window .	2
a brown dog races through a field .	a people thrown past for different planet out	2
a brown dog races through a field .	a group is complete off of women skyscraper .	2
a brown dog races through a field .	a group is ringing go out window made	2
a brown dog races through a field .	a group is proud of sofas biking vibrant .	2
a brown dog races through a field .	a group is grading go out of window .	2
a brown dog races through a field .	a man is removing posting of art out shoes	2
a brown dog races through a field .	a group is breaking off of a pictured .	2
a brown dog races through a field .	a man is accepting garbage out of trees .	2
a brown dog races through a field .	a dead climate is ending for cold pool	2
a brown dog races through a field .	a dead dog is infront some protester out .	2
a brown dog races through a field .	a people never is peddling of the name .	2
a brown dog races through a field .	a group is sleep past of the window .	2
a brown dog races through a field .	a group is proud of pedestrians out angles	2
a brown dog races through a field .	a dead dog is proud of the scene .	2
a brown dog races through a field .	a group is announcing proud of an elephants .	2
a brown dog races through a field .	a group of dude is out of stone .	2
a brown dog races through a field .	a couple is sleeping with a dog .	1
a brown dog races through a field .	a couple is sleeping with soccer dog .	1
a brown dog races through a field .	a couple is performing on opposite directions .	1
a brown dog races through a field .	a couple is examining another accompanies there .	1
a brown dog races through a field .	a couple is people standing where listening .	1
a brown dog races through a field .	a couple is problems people standing up .	1
a brown dog races through a field .	a couple is backs 's mechanical bottoms .	1
a brown dog races through a field .	a couple is people standing opinion hay .	1
a brown dog races through a field .	a couple is sleeping with english dog .	1
a brown dog races through a field .	a couple is dressed watching another goes .	1
a brown dog races through a field .	a couple is fairly one another greeting .	1
a brown dog races through a field .	a couple is sleeping with another dog .	1
a brown dog races through a field .	a couple is performing 's milkshake later .	1
a brown dog races through a field .	a couple is performing processing another beginner .	1
a brown dog races through a field .	a couple is examining another level barbies .	1
a brown dog races through a field .	a couple is doing past another recess .	1
a brown dog races through a field .	a couple is information with a dog faire	1
a brown dog races through a field .	a couple is dressed with a mustache dog .	1
a brown dog races through a field .	a couple is performing on opposite tuberculosis .	1
a brown dog races through a field .	a couple is smelling with soccer up .	1
a brown dog races through a field .	a couple is people standing where up .	1
a brown dog races through a field .	a couple is stirring wonders old dog .	1
a brown dog races through a field .	a couple is smelling with horns up .	1
a brown dog races through a field .	a couple is dressed with hispanic dog .	1
a brown dog races through a field .	a brown impressed is sleeping with jack-o-lantern .	1
a brown dog races through a field .	a couple is sprinting watches wearing shorts .	1
a brown dog races through a field .	a couple is sleeping with rubber dog .	1
a brown dog races through a field .	a couple is performing 's speaking johnson .	1
a brown dog races through a field .	a couple is performing martial arts halloween .	1
a brown dog races through a field .	a couple is dressed watching healthy numbers .	1
a brown dog races through a field .	a performers is dressed in grass physical .	1
a brown dog races through a field .	a couple is recording laughing with green plants .	1
a brown dog races through a field .	a man is racing . .	0
a brown dog races through a field .	the man is racing . .	0
a brown dog races through a field .	a man is racing . .	0
a brown dog races through a field .	the man is racing . .	0
a brown dog races through a field .	a crowd is racing . .	0
a brown dog races through a field .	a dog is racing . is	0
a brown dog races through a field .	a is bringing basketballs . .	0
a brown dog races through a field .	a dog is racing . is	0
a brown dog races through a field .	a dog is racing .	0
a brown dog races through a field .	a is soaked tricks . is	0
a brown dog races through a field .	the man is racing . .	0
a brown dog races through a field .	a man is being . .	0
a brown dog races through a field .	a man is racing . .	0
a brown dog races through a field .	a dog is racing . .	0
a brown dog races through a field .	a man is racing . .	0
a brown dog races through a field .	a man is wielding .	0
a brown dog races through a field .	the man is racing . .	0
a brown dog races through a field .	a is smoking on office . frown machinery	0
a brown dog races through a field .	a dog is racing . is	0
a brown dog races through a field .	a is soaked racing . .	0
a brown dog races through a field .	a dog is racing . is	0
a brown dog races through a field .	a dog is racing . is	0
a brown dog races through a field .	a dog is racing . is	0
a brown dog races through a field .	a dog is racing . is	0
a brown dog races through a field .	the man is racing . .	0
a brown dog races through a field .	a dog is racing . is	0
a brown dog races through a field .	a dog is racing . is	0
a brown dog races through a field .	a dog is racing .	0
a brown dog races through a field .	a man is racing . .	0
a brown dog races through a field .	a dog is racing . is	0
a brown dog races through a field .	a dog is racing . is	0
a brown dog races through a field .	the man is racing . .	0
a brown dog races through a field .	the man is racing . .	0
a brown dog races through a field .	a dog is racing . is	0
a brown dog races through a field .	a dog is racing . is	0
a brown dog races through a field .	a dog is racing .	0
a brown dog races through a field .	a dog is racing . is	0
a brown dog races through a field .	the man is racing . is	0
two girls feeding a horse an apple .	a <oov> is spraying a banana .	2
two girls feeding a horse an apple .	a horse is eating a shortcut .	2
two girls feeding a horse an apple .	a naughty is a bee . <oov>	2
two girls feeding a horse an apple .	a barber is eating cream .	2
two girls feeding a horse an apple .	a horse is a scenic . is	2
two girls feeding a horse an apple .	a naughty is spraying a yacht .	2
two girls feeding a horse an apple .	a goal is eating a tag .	2
two girls feeding a horse an apple .	a <oov> is waterskiing a campsite .	2
two girls feeding a horse an apple .	a horse is eating a fires .	2
two girls feeding a horse an apple .	a horse is a flexible .	2
two girls feeding a horse an apple .	a mormon is a waterskiing . is	2
two girls feeding a horse an apple .	a naughty is a pitbull . is	2
two girls feeding a horse an apple .	a <oov> is powdery a banana .	2
two girls feeding a horse an apple .	a horse is eating a campsite .	2
two girls feeding a horse an apple .	a the horse is a banana . boy	2
two girls feeding a horse an apple .	a horse is eating a valley .	2
two girls feeding a horse an apple .	a black chef is driving . a	2
two girls feeding a horse an apple .	a horse is eating a seesaw .	2
two girls feeding a horse an apple .	a horse is eating a convention .	2
two girls feeding a horse an apple .	a horse is eating a roast .	2
two girls feeding a horse an apple .	two males are outdoors holding farming .	0
two girls feeding a horse an apple .	two males are near a car .	0
two girls feeding a horse an apple .	two males are near a car .	0
two girls feeding a horse an apple .	two males are outdoors hugging .	0
two girls feeding a horse an apple .	two males are near a car .	0
two girls feeding a horse an apple .	two males are near a cave . shower	0
two girls feeding a horse an apple .	two males are near a tan .	0
two girls feeding a horse an apple .	two males are near a car .	0
two girls feeding a horse an apple .	two males are near a car .	0
two girls feeding a horse an apple .	two males are near a car .	0
two girls feeding a horse an apple .	two males are outdoors near stretch . came	0
two girls feeding a horse an apple .	two males are near a car .	0
two girls feeding a horse an apple .	two males are outdoors near bars .	0
two girls feeding a horse an apple .	two males are near a car .	0
two girls feeding a horse an apple .	two males are an outdoors .	0
a man playing cricket	someone makes a game	0
a man playing cricket	someone plays a game	0
a man playing cricket	someone minds a rickshaw	0
a man playing cricket	someone plays a game	0
a man playing cricket	someone plays a game	0
a man playing cricket	someone play a game .	0
a man playing cricket	someone is a protestor	0
a man playing cricket	someone love a game	0
a man playing cricket	someone is a types	0
a man playing cricket	someone is a protestor	0
a man playing cricket	someone plays a game	0
a man playing cricket	someone plays a game	0
a man playing cricket	someone play a game	0
a man playing cricket	someone plays a game	0
a man playing cricket	someone plays a game	0
a man playing cricket	someone chased a black	0
a man playing cricket	someone plays a game at	0
a man playing cricket	people like a cinema	0
a man playing cricket	someone plays a game	0
a man playing cricket	someone plays a game	0
a man playing cricket	someone plays a game	0
a man playing cricket	someone plays a game	0
a man playing cricket	someone plays a game	0
a man playing cricket	someone sweeping a game	0
a man playing cricket	someone hovers a game	0
a man playing cricket	someone plays a game	0
a man playing cricket	someone plays a game	0
a man playing cricket	someone plays a game	0
a man playing cricket	someone plays a game	0
a man playing cricket	someone sweeping a game	0
a man playing cricket	someone plays a game	0
a man playing cricket	someone is a coach	0
a man playing cricket	people standing a milkshake	0
a man playing cricket	someone rides a bicycle	0
a man playing cricket	someone plays a game	0
a man playing cricket	someone peeks a tank	0
a man playing cricket	someone plays a game	0
a man playing cricket	someone plays a game	0
a man playing cricket	someone plays a game	0
a man playing cricket	an <oov> sells string provocative	1
a man playing cricket	a punk plays with gets	1
a man playing cricket	their girl with string liquid	1
a man playing cricket	woman is creates of man	1
a man playing cricket	in a parking bar connecting	1
a man playing cricket	a indian man is dreaming	1
a man playing cricket	rescue a somebody man self	1
a man playing cricket	an <oov> visitors glass tightly	1
a man playing cricket	an <oov> sings she dropped	1
a man playing cricket	outside of man plays cricket	1
a man playing cricket	jackson of people serving boys	1
a man playing cricket	an <oov> pulls man photos	1
a man playing cricket	there is 6 man playing cricket	1
a man playing cricket	their goat people tops dogs .	1
a man playing cricket	cult <oov> workshop serving cartoons	1
a man playing cricket	an <oov> reclining purchased of	1
a man playing cricket	an <oov> ate man praying	1
a man playing cricket	an <oov> player plays cricket	1
a man playing cricket	a wizard plays christmas tag	1
a man playing cricket	an <oov> sells practiced of pine	1
a man playing cricket	cars in aprons play guns	1
a man playing cricket	a doberman <oov> man shooting	1
a man playing cricket	a short man made care	1
a man playing cricket	an <oov> peeing man drink	1
a man playing cricket	airline in giant boys cheeses	1
a man playing cricket	in a giant man jacket	1
a man playing cricket	an <oov> elegant man created	1
a man playing cricket	an <oov> catches equipment of	1
a man playing cricket	a wizard picture man dreaming	1
a man playing cricket	an <oov> couple set created	1
a man playing cricket	an <oov> inspects drink everyday	1
a man playing cricket	a punk walking man weights	1
a man playing cricket	an <oov> government flooded of	1
a man is making a phone call .	a man is sleeping on a collar bridge .	2
a man is making a phone call .	a man is sleeping on a historical .	2
a man is making a phone call .	a man is navigates acrobatics with . in	1
a man is making a phone call .	a man is calling his wife .	1
a man is making a phone call .	a man is calling his inhaling .	1
a man is making a phone call .	a man is calling growing his scene .	1
a man is making a phone call .	a man is calling his wife .	1
a man is making a phone call .	a man is saying roommates his eyes .	1
a man is making a phone call .	a man is calling his wife .	1
a man is making a phone call .	a man is on the phone .	0
a man is making a phone call .	a man is on the phone .	0
a man is making a phone call .	a man is on the phone .	0
a man is making a phone call .	a man is on the phone .	0
a man is making a phone call .	a man is on the phone .	0
a man is making a phone call .	a man is on the phone .	0
a man is making a phone call .	a man is on the phone .	0
a man is making a phone call .	a man is on the phone .	0
a man is making a phone call .	a man is on the phone .	0
a man is making a phone call .	a man is on the phone .	0
a man is making a phone call .	a man is on the phone .	0
a man is making a phone call .	a man is on the phone .	0
a man is making a phone call .	a man is on the phone .	0
a man is making a phone call .	a man is on the bike .	0
a man is making a phone call .	a man is on the phone .	0
a man is making a phone call .	a man is on the phone .	0
a man is making a phone call .	a man is on the phone .	0
a man is making a phone call .	a man is on the phone .	0
a man is making a phone call .	a man is on the phone .	0
a man is making a phone call .	a man is on the phone .	0
a man is making a phone call .	a man is on the phone .	0
a man is making a phone call .	a man is on the phone .	0
a man is making a phone call .	a man is on the phone .	0
a man is making a phone call .	a man is on the phone .	0
a man is making a phone call .	a man is on the phone .	0
a man is making a phone call .	a man is on the phone .	0
a man is making a phone call .	a man is on the phone .	0
a man is making a phone call .	a man is on the phone .	0
a man is making a phone call .	a man is on the phone .	0
a man is making a phone call .	a man is on the phone .	0
a man is making a phone call .	a man is on the phone .	0
a man is making a phone call .	a man is on the phone .	0
a man is making a phone call .	a man is on the phone .	0
a man is making a phone call .	a man is on the phone .	0
a man is making a phone call .	a man is on the phone .	0
a man is making a phone call .	a man is on the phone .	0
a man is making a phone call .	a man is on the phone .	0
a man is making a phone call .	a man is on the phone .	0
a man is making a phone call .	a man is on the phone .	0
a man is making a phone call .	a man is on the phone .	0
a woman lowering <oov> on a boat .	the woman is adjusting the boat .	0
a woman lowering <oov> on a boat .	the woman is adjusting the boat .	0
a woman lowering <oov> on a boat .	the woman is adjusting the boat .	0
a woman lowering <oov> on a boat .	the woman is adjusting the boat .	0
a woman lowering <oov> on a boat .	the woman is feeling the boat .	0
a woman lowering <oov> on a boat .	the woman is comforting the putt .	0
a woman lowering <oov> on a boat .	the woman is adjusting the boat .	0
a woman lowering <oov> on a boat .	the woman is tossed the boat .	0
a woman lowering <oov> on a boat .	the woman is adjusting the boat .	0
a woman lowering <oov> on a boat .	the woman is adjusting the boat .	0
a woman lowering <oov> on a boat .	the woman is adjusting the boat .	0
a woman lowering <oov> on a boat .	the woman is adjusting the boat .	0
a woman lowering <oov> on a boat .	the woman is adjusting the boat .	0
a woman lowering <oov> on a boat .	the woman is adjusting the boat .	0
a woman lowering <oov> on a boat .	the woman is going the rodeo .	0
a woman lowering <oov> on a boat .	the woman is adjusting the boat .	0
a woman lowering <oov> on a boat .	the woman is adjusting the boat .	0
a woman lowering <oov> on a boat .	the woman is adjusting the boat .	0
a woman lowering <oov> on a boat .	the woman is adjusting the boat .	0
a woman lowering <oov> on a boat .	the woman is adjusting the boat .	0
a woman lowering <oov> on a boat .	the woman is going the boat .	0
a woman lowering <oov> on a boat .	the woman is stalking the boat .	0
a woman lowering <oov> on a boat .	the woman is adjusting the boat .	0
a woman lowering <oov> on a boat .	the woman is adjusting the boat .	0
a woman lowering <oov> on a boat .	the woman is adjusting the meat technique .	0
a woman lowering <oov> on a boat .	the woman is adjusting the boat .	0
a woman lowering <oov> on a boat .	the woman is adjusting the boat .	0
a woman lowering <oov> on a boat .	the woman is adjusting the boat .	0
a woman lowering <oov> on a boat .	the woman is adjusting the boat .	0
a woman lowering <oov> on a boat .	the woman is adjusting the boat .	0
a woman lowering <oov> on a boat .	the woman is use the cinema .	0
a woman lowering <oov> on a boat .	the woman is adjusting the boat .	0
a woman lowering <oov> on a boat .	the woman is adjusting the boat .	0
a woman lowering <oov> on a boat .	the woman is adjusting the boat .	0
a woman lowering <oov> on a boat .	the woman is adjusting the boat .	0
a woman lowering <oov> on a boat .	the woman is mighty the boat .	0
a woman lowering <oov> on a boat .	the woman is adjusting the boat .	0
a woman lowering <oov> on a boat .	the woman is adjusting the boat .	0
a woman lowering <oov> on a boat .	the woman is at the boat .	0
a woman lowering <oov> on a boat .	the woman is on an airplane .	2
two mountaineers are walking across a snowcapped mountain .	two skydiver materials on a rope .	0
two mountaineers are walking across a snowcapped mountain .	two participants snowmobiles is outside a house .	0
two mountaineers are walking across a snowcapped mountain .	two llamas ruined is on a mountain .	0
two mountaineers are walking across a snowcapped mountain .	two participants surround on a couch .	0
two mountaineers are walking across a snowcapped mountain .	two limo buddhist on a rope .	0
two mountaineers are walking across a snowcapped mountain .	two outfits crowding is on a rope .	0
two mountaineers are walking across a snowcapped mountain .	two chairs groomsman is outside side .	0
two mountaineers are walking across a snowcapped mountain .	two participants pet is having a meal .	0
two mountaineers are walking across a snowcapped mountain .	two mason maintenance on a night .	0
two mountaineers are walking across a snowcapped mountain .	two jake wait around their toddler .	0
two mountaineers are walking across a snowcapped mountain .	two participants granny on a mountain .	0
two mountaineers are walking across a snowcapped mountain .	two participants schoolgirls is having ladders .	0
two mountaineers are walking across a snowcapped mountain .	two participants cop on a couch .	0
two mountaineers are walking across a snowcapped mountain .	two scottish cowboys on a couch .	0
two mountaineers are walking across a snowcapped mountain .	two spanish persons is watching up .	0
two mountaineers are walking across a snowcapped mountain .	two underwear sticks on a ceiling . five	0
two mountaineers are walking across a snowcapped mountain .	two participants pet is having a meal .	0
two mountaineers are walking across a snowcapped mountain .	two participants lying outside a pinball .	0
two mountaineers are walking across a snowcapped mountain .	two office play in black test .	0
two mountaineers are walking across a snowcapped mountain .	two mean collide is on friday .	0
two mountaineers are walking across a snowcapped mountain .	two office walking down a terminal .	0
two mountaineers are walking across a snowcapped mountain .	two participants gorillas is on a mountain .	0
two mountaineers are walking across a snowcapped mountain .	two participants lounge is having lunch .	0
two mountaineers are walking across a snowcapped mountain .	two hummingbird prank around skateboarding pierced .	0
two mountaineers are walking across a snowcapped mountain .	two participants dj is on a mountain .	0
two mountaineers are walking across a snowcapped mountain .	two laborers vaulting outside a runway .	0
two mountaineers are walking across a snowcapped mountain .	two welders skateboard is on a mountain .	0
two mountaineers are walking across a snowcapped mountain .	two participants lobster on a pew .	0
two mountaineers are walking across a snowcapped mountain .	two buddhist masks on a mountain .	0
two mountaineers are walking across a snowcapped mountain .	two participants ok is taking yoga .	0
two mountaineers are walking across a snowcapped mountain .	two purse crowded people on a party .	0
two mountaineers are walking across a snowcapped mountain .	two ginger around it is sky .	0
two mountaineers are walking across a snowcapped mountain .	two chairs dell is having lunch .	0
two mountaineers are walking across a snowcapped mountain .	two skateboarding day sitting watching at .	2
two mountaineers are walking across a snowcapped mountain .	two terriers magnifying at beach volleyball .	2
two mountaineers are walking across a snowcapped mountain .	two blind sitting at motorcyclist beach .	2
two mountaineers are walking across a snowcapped mountain .	a pit trimmed sitting at and .	2
two mountaineers are walking across a snowcapped mountain .	two african restaurant entertainer at test .	2
two mountaineers are walking across a snowcapped mountain .	two blind standing at cocoa watching .	2
two mountaineers are walking across a snowcapped mountain .	two mountaineers laugh at beach and .	2
two mountaineers are walking across a snowcapped mountain .	two violin skaters sitting at cooking .	2
two mountaineers are walking across a snowcapped mountain .	two army males at beach having .	2
two mountaineers are walking across a snowcapped mountain .	two dj laugh at attention school . to	2
two mountaineers are walking across a snowcapped mountain .	two sales sea at choppy beach .	2
two mountaineers are walking across a snowcapped mountain .	two ducks sitting at once diary .	2
two mountaineers are walking across a snowcapped mountain .	two army males at beach volleyball .	2
two mountaineers are walking across a snowcapped mountain .	a baby sitting at bird conference .	2
two mountaineers are walking across a snowcapped mountain .	two peace chair at a beach .	2
two mountaineers are walking across a snowcapped mountain .	two display crew at beach angry .	2
two mountaineers are walking across a snowcapped mountain .	two ballet crows at beach faith .	2
a young man is playing a blue guitar .	the man is playing the guitar .	0
people waiting in line in a snowstorm .	people are in a snowstorm .	0
people waiting in line in a snowstorm .	people are in a kindergarten . knows	0
people waiting in line in a snowstorm .	people are in a snowstorm . 's	0
people waiting in line in a snowstorm .	people are in a snowstorm .	0
people waiting in line in a snowstorm .	people are in a kilt . people	0
people waiting in line in a snowstorm .	people are in a snowstorm .	0
people waiting in line in a snowstorm .	people are in a speedo . .	0
people waiting in line in a snowstorm .	people are in a bath . to	0
people waiting in line in a snowstorm .	people are in a snowstorm .	0
people waiting in line in a snowstorm .	people are in a snowstorm . about	0
people waiting in line in a snowstorm .	people are in a snowstorm .	0
people waiting in line in a snowstorm .	people are in a snowstorm . people	0
people waiting in line in a snowstorm .	people are in a snowstorm .	0
people waiting in line in a snowstorm .	people are in a bath . to	0
people waiting in line in a snowstorm .	people are in a snowstorm . to	0
people waiting in line in a snowstorm .	people are in a snowstorm . background	0
people waiting in line in a snowstorm .	people are in a artistic . <oov>	0
people waiting in line in a snowstorm .	people are in a t-shirt .	0
<oov> play in a dark setting .	woman is carrying a question	0
<oov> play in a dark setting .	woman is carrying a rack	0
<oov> play in a dark setting .	woman is carrying a mom	0
<oov> play in a dark setting .	woman is carrying a knife	0
<oov> play in a dark setting .	a workers walls over a toothbrush	0
<oov> play in a dark setting .	woman is carrying a cloths	0
<oov> play in a dark setting .	woman is landing near a structure	0
<oov> play in a dark setting .	woman is carrying a mom	0
<oov> play in a dark setting .	woman is carrying a guided	0
<oov> play in a dark setting .	a workers poking a chute	0
<oov> play in a dark setting .	a billboard enthusiasts a week	0
<oov> play in a dark setting .	woman is carrying a signature	0
<oov> play in a dark setting .	woman is carrying a disaster	0
<oov> play in a dark setting .	a woman nears a bicyle	0
<oov> play in a dark setting .	woman is carrying a knife	0
<oov> play in a dark setting .	woman is carrying a mom	0
<oov> play in a dark setting .	woman is carrying teddy a burned	0
<oov> play in a dark setting .	woman is carrying a tightly	0
<oov> play in a dark setting .	woman is carrying a mouth	0
<oov> play in a dark setting .	woman is carrying buses a ketchup	0
<oov> play in a dark setting .	a workers among a sewer	0
<oov> play in a dark setting .	a woman is treating a	0
<oov> play in a dark setting .	woman is carrying a waterski	0
<oov> play in a dark setting .	woman is carrying someones cigarette	0
<oov> play in a dark setting .	woman is carrying storefronts a cool	0
<oov> play in a dark setting .	woman is carrying a sponge	0
<oov> play in a dark setting .	woman is carrying a mouth	0
<oov> play in a dark setting .	woman is carrying rings a mile	0
<oov> play in a dark setting .	woman is carrying a mom	0
<oov> play in a dark setting .	woman is taping a hook	0
<oov> play in a dark setting .	woman is carrying a mouth	0
<oov> play in a dark setting .	someone threw a graduating down road	0
<oov> play in a dark setting .	woman is carrying a mouth	0
<oov> play in a dark setting .	woman is carrying a mouth	0
<oov> play in a dark setting .	woman is carrying a popsicle	0
<oov> play in a dark setting .	woman is carrying dessert a structure	0
<oov> play in a dark setting .	a billboard fair conversation a scarf	0
<oov> play in a dark setting .	woman is carrying a hook	0
<oov> play in a dark setting .	a group wet people on the road	2
<oov> play in a dark setting .	a people walking on the road	2
<oov> play in a dark setting .	a group bicyclist is on the road	2
<oov> play in a dark setting .	a people walking on the road	2
<oov> play in a dark setting .	a group walking their down a crosswalk	2
<oov> play in a dark setting .	a people walking on the road	2
<oov> play in a dark setting .	a group bicyclist is on the road	2
<oov> play in a dark setting .	some people walking on the latest road	2
<oov> play in a dark setting .	some people walking on the sunset road	2
<oov> play in a dark setting .	a group knows is on the sunset	2
<oov> play in a dark setting .	a group bicyclist is on the road	2
<oov> play in a dark setting .	a group is walking on the road	2
<oov> play in a dark setting .	a group bicyclist is on the road	2
<oov> play in a dark setting .	a people walking on the road	2
<oov> play in a dark setting .	a group bicyclist is on the road	2
<oov> play in a dark setting .	a group walking their down the road	2
<oov> play in a dark setting .	some people walking on the rocky road	2
<oov> play in a dark setting .	a people walking on the road	2
<oov> play in a dark setting .	a people walking on the road	2
<oov> play in a dark setting .	a group bicyclist and on a road .	2
<oov> play in a dark setting .	a people walking on the road	2
<oov> play in a dark setting .	a child is slicing some ice	0
<oov> play in a dark setting .	america is nibbling home in plate	0
<oov> play in a dark setting .	nobody is zipping to mail	0
<oov> play in a dark setting .	swimmers is passes by someone	0
<oov> play in a dark setting .	this is watching arabic grilling	0
<oov> play in a dark setting .	controlling is old city 's motocycle	0
<oov> play in a dark setting .	how is carring by cleaning spilled	0
<oov> play in a dark setting .	where is bible with some disc	0
<oov> play in a dark setting .	strumming is old women by	0
<oov> play in a dark setting .	candidate is fielding by someone	0
<oov> play in a dark setting .	black conducts is decorate tall plate	0
<oov> play in a dark setting .	nobody is played with some items	0
<oov> play in a dark setting .	how is replacing with some tomatoes	0
<oov> play in a dark setting .	a child is surrounded by someone	0
<oov> play in a dark setting .	damage is addressing oxygen some	0
<oov> play in a dark setting .	a cyclist is panting with spaghetti	0
<oov> play in a dark setting .	baseball is wrapping home through china	0
<oov> play in a dark setting .	plant is german some transit	0
<oov> play in a dark setting .	how is loud with some reason ?	0
<oov> play in a dark setting .	to take is poop in road	0
<oov> play in a dark setting .	vehicle is spanking to bulldozer	0
<oov> play in a dark setting .	tears is nibbling what enjoying	0
<oov> play in a dark setting .	having is nibbling with some citizens	0
<oov> play in a dark setting .	how is polishing some crafts	0
<oov> play in a dark setting .	golfer is wearing school army	0
<oov> play in a dark setting .	where is columbia tall in times	0
<oov> play in a dark setting .	where is toasting some entertainment ?	0
<oov> play in a dark setting .	where is port his sunset	0
<oov> play in a dark setting .	where is illuminated american through australia	0
<oov> play in a dark setting .	where is cruising than someone	0
<oov> play in a dark setting .	where is poop disgusting in australia .	0
two men are boxing in fighting arena .	a group are active . .	0
two men are boxing in fighting arena .	a group stomps outdoors . a fox	0
two men are boxing in fighting arena .	a group are active . .	0
two men are boxing in fighting arena .	a group are active . .	0
two men are boxing in fighting arena .	a group are active . . hot-air	0
people shopping at an outside market	people ride .	0
people shopping at an outside market	people are outside .	0
people shopping at an outside market	people outside .	0
people shopping at an outside market	people pictured outside .	0
people shopping at an outside market	people are outside .	0
people shopping at an outside market	people ride thing .	0
people shopping at an outside market	people ride .	0
people shopping at an outside market	people ride .	0
people shopping at an outside market	people engage outside .	0
people shopping at an outside market	people outside .	0
people shopping at an outside market	people outside .	0
people shopping at an outside market	people promoting outside .	0
people shopping at an outside market	people outside .	0
people shopping at an outside market	people are outside .	0
people shopping at an outside market	people outside .	0
people shopping at an outside market	people outside .	0
people shopping at an outside market	people are outside .	0
people shopping at an outside market	people clowns outside .	0
people shopping at an outside market	people are outside .	0
people shopping at an outside market	people outside .	0
people shopping at an outside market	people ride .	0
people shopping at an outside market	people passenger outside .	0
people shopping at an outside market	people ride .	0
people shopping at an outside market	people are outside .	0
people shopping at an outside market	people ride .	0
people shopping at an outside market	people ride .	0
people shopping at an outside market	people are outside .	0
people shopping at an outside market	people ride .	0
people shopping at an outside market	people ride .	0
people shopping at an outside market	people outside .	0
people shopping at an outside market	people outside .	0
people shopping at an outside market	people outside .	0
people shopping at an outside market	people ride .	0
people shopping at an outside market	people pictured outside .	0
people shopping at an outside market	people are outside .	0
people shopping at an outside market	people vehicles outside .	0
people shopping at an outside market	people ride .	0
people shopping at an outside market	people are outside .	0
people shopping at an outside market	people quickly outside .	0
people shopping at an outside market	people outside .	0
people shopping at an outside market	people walk around an intricate stop blocks .	2
people shopping at an outside market	people walk around an obama officials square .	2
people shopping at an outside market	people walk around an unfinished theater hole .	2
people shopping at an outside market	dog walking in the inside roulette crying .	2
people shopping at an outside market	people walk around an adult chick stuff .	2
people shopping at an outside market	people walk around an entrance selling vegetables .	2
people shopping at an outside market	people walk around an adult model fountain .	2
people shopping at an outside market	people walk around an inside selling outlet .	2
people shopping at an outside market	people walk around an trimmed u.s. skateboarders .	2
people shopping at an outside market	people walk around an adult buying fruits .	2
people shopping at an outside market	people walk around an abandoned waste island .	2
people shopping at an outside market	people walk around an adult buying food .	2
people shopping at an outside market	dog walking around the marathon course cottage .	2
people shopping at an outside market	dog walking in the great food holidays .	2
people shopping at an outside market	people walk around an adult covers grain .	2
people shopping at an outside market	people walk around an egg plans .	2
people shopping at an outside market	people walk around an adult pabst prepares .	2
people shopping at an outside market	people walk around outdoors by themselves aliens .	2
people shopping at an outside market	dog walking by the small soul ago .	2
people shopping at an outside market	people walk around an abandoned sewing chair .	2
people shopping at an outside market	dog walking in the first warmth .	2
two girls aboard an amusement park ride .	a girl is behind an amusement park ride .	0
two girls aboard an amusement park ride .	a group an is behind an sweets screen .	0
two girls aboard an amusement park ride .	a there is an alien from a musician .	0
two girls aboard an amusement park ride .	a decorated is an elder ride paints outdoors .	0
two girls aboard an amusement park ride .	a toy at a park woman playing colorful .	0
two girls aboard an amusement park ride .	a girl is in a trick lays is .	0
two girls aboard an amusement park ride .	a alligator in a prayer is fully swing .	0
two girls aboard an amusement park ride .	a girl is at an instrument street sit .	0
two girls aboard an amusement park ride .	a girl is at an instrument <oov> outdoors .	0
two girls aboard an amusement park ride .	a african-american no drummer is performing the flying .	2
two girls aboard an amusement park ride .	a porch was wearing <oov> the pump plaza .	2
two girls aboard an amusement park ride .	a african-american no poodle performs in the hammock	2
two girls aboard an amusement park ride .	a park is playing tag in the hammock .	2
two girls aboard an amusement park ride .	a woman was weird rope in the landscaping .	2
two girls aboard an amusement park ride .	a park is playing tug in the function .	2
two girls aboard an amusement park ride .	a park is playing rope in the hammock	2
two girls aboard an amusement park ride .	a park is playing rope in the park	2
two girls aboard an amusement park ride .	a park is playing all in the hammock	2
two girls aboard an amusement park ride .	a puppy is handling rocks in the cheeseburger .	2
two girls aboard an amusement park ride .	a african-american man is handling in the box .	2
two girls aboard an amusement park ride .	woman is giant roots performing in the book .	2
two girls aboard an amusement park ride .	a park is playing tag in the park .	2
two girls aboard an amusement park ride .	a park is playing tag in the light .	2
two girls aboard an amusement park ride .	an <oov> was bucks golfing in the parasailing .	2
two girls aboard an amusement park ride .	a african-american is handling rocks in the box	2
two girls aboard an amusement park ride .	a toy grasp is toilets in the streets .	2
two girls aboard an amusement park ride .	a park is playing tug outside the page .	2
two girls aboard an amusement park ride .	a park is playing tag in the light .	2
two girls aboard an amusement park ride .	a park is playing tag in the book .	2
two girls aboard an amusement park ride .	a park is playing rope in the park	2
two girls aboard an amusement park ride .	a african-american chases family carts with the entire	2
two girls aboard an amusement park ride .	a book is litter carts in the painting	2
two girls aboard an amusement park ride .	a park is standing around outside the ring .	2
two girls aboard an amusement park ride .	a african-american person trying ceiling with the pets .	2
two boys in running clothes stretching .	a tall woman before listens around her birthday .	1
two boys in running clothes stretching .	a tall woman firing off her military thread .	1
two boys in running clothes stretching .	a tall woman before straddles doing laundry .	1
two boys in running clothes stretching .	a tall woman sitting before doing ponchos .	1
two boys in running clothes stretching .	a tall woman student n leg washing dishes .	1
two boys in running clothes stretching .	a tall woman collecting taste around mounts stands .	1
two boys in running clothes stretching .	a tall woman monkeys before doing visits .	1
two boys in running clothes stretching .	the boys are sleeping .	2
expert snowboard is trying a new trick .	a person is butts on the water ground .	2
expert snowboard is trying a new trick .	a person is dragging on the water moat .	2
expert snowboard is trying a new trick .	a person is experimenting on the water saddle .	2
expert snowboard is trying a new trick .	a person is set on the water pluto .	2
expert snowboard is trying a new trick .	the person is laying on the water source .	2
expert snowboard is trying a new trick .	a person is laying on the water trips .	2
expert snowboard is trying a new trick .	a person is lying on the water .	2
expert snowboard is trying a new trick .	a person is lying on the water shop .	2
expert snowboard is trying a new trick .	a person is lying on the water chips .	2
expert snowboard is trying a new trick .	a person is cool on the water pathway	2
expert snowboard is trying a new trick .	a person is unloading on the water ground .	2
expert snowboard is trying a new trick .	a person is trimming on the water fountains banner	2
expert snowboard is trying a new trick .	the person is laying on the water loom .	2
expert snowboard is trying a new trick .	the person is instructing on the water floor	2
expert snowboard is trying a new trick .	a person is set on the water saucer .	2
expert snowboard is trying a new trick .	a person is lying on the water uncomfortable .	2
expert snowboard is trying a new trick .	a person is laying on the water board .	2
expert snowboard is trying a new trick .	a person is trimming on the water curb .	2
expert snowboard is trying a new trick .	a person is narrow on the water .	2
expert snowboard is trying a new trick .	a person is experimenting on the water platform	2
expert snowboard is trying a new trick .	a person is surfing on the water .	2
expert snowboard is trying a new trick .	a person is surfing on the water .	2
expert snowboard is trying a new trick .	a person is participating on the water pool .	2
expert snowboard is trying a new trick .	a person is surfing on the water eyes .	2
expert snowboard is trying a new trick .	a person is orders on the ground water	2
expert snowboard is trying a new trick .	the person is laying on the water ground .	2
expert snowboard is trying a new trick .	a person is infront on the water superhero .	2
expert snowboard is trying a new trick .	the person is lying on the water	2
expert snowboard is trying a new trick .	a person is snowboarding .	0
expert snowboard is trying a new trick .	the person is snowboarding .	0
expert snowboard is trying a new trick .	a person is snowboarding .	0
expert snowboard is trying a new trick .	a person is snowboarding .	0
expert snowboard is trying a new trick .	a person is snowboarding .	0
expert snowboard is trying a new trick .	a person is snowboarding .	0
expert snowboard is trying a new trick .	a person is snowboarding .	0
expert snowboard is trying a new trick .	a person is snowboarding .	0
expert snowboard is trying a new trick .	a person is snowboarding .	0
expert snowboard is trying a new trick .	a person is snowboarding .	0
expert snowboard is trying a new trick .	the person is fascinated .	0
expert snowboard is trying a new trick .	the person is snowboarding .	0
expert snowboard is trying a new trick .	a person is snowboarding .	0
expert snowboard is trying a new trick .	the person is snowboarding .	0
expert snowboard is trying a new trick .	a person is snowboarding .	0
expert snowboard is trying a new trick .	the person is snowboarding .	0
expert snowboard is trying a new trick .	the person is conversing .	0
expert snowboard is trying a new trick .	the person is snowboarding .	0
expert snowboard is trying a new trick .	a person is snowboarding .	0
expert snowboard is trying a new trick .	a person is snowboarding .	0
expert snowboard is trying a new trick .	a person is snowboarding .	0
expert snowboard is trying a new trick .	the person is snowboarding .	0
expert snowboard is trying a new trick .	a person is snowboarding .	0
expert snowboard is trying a new trick .	a person is snowboarding .	0
expert snowboard is trying a new trick .	a person is snowboarding .	0
expert snowboard is trying a new trick .	a person is snowboarding .	0
expert snowboard is trying a new trick .	the person is snowboarding .	0
expert snowboard is trying a new trick .	the person is snowboarding .	0
expert snowboard is trying a new trick .	a person is snowboarding .	0
expert snowboard is trying a new trick .	a person is snowboarding .	0
expert snowboard is trying a new trick .	a person is snowboarding .	0
expert snowboard is trying a new trick .	a person is snowboarding .	0
expert snowboard is trying a new trick .	a person is snowboarding .	0
expert snowboard is trying a new trick .	a person is snowboarding .	0
expert snowboard is trying a new trick .	a person is snowboarding .	0
expert snowboard is trying a new trick .	a person is snowboarding .	0
expert snowboard is trying a new trick .	a person is snowboarding .	0
a skateboarder does a trick in midair .	a person pulling furniture . a	0
a skateboarder does a trick in midair .	a boy plays marks . is	0
a skateboarder does a trick in midair .	a boy plays solitaire .	0
a skateboarder does a trick in midair .	a person pulling case .	0
a skateboarder does a trick in midair .	a person answers eggs .	0
a skateboarder does a trick in midair .	a person pulling scope .	0
a skateboarder does a trick in midair .	a person breaks bare . .	0
a skateboarder does a trick in midair .	a boy pulling sure .	0
a skateboarder does a trick in midair .	a women breaks sticks . is	0
a skateboarder does a trick in midair .	a boy plays hacky .	0
a skateboarder does a trick in midair .	a person answers eggs .	0
a skateboarder does a trick in midair .	a person pulling case .	0
a skateboarder does a trick in midair .	a person learning fisher .	0
a skateboarder does a trick in midair .	a person breaks produces .	0
a skateboarder does a trick in midair .	a boy plays pet .	0
a skateboarder does a trick in midair .	a person pulling waltz . .	0
a skateboarder does a trick in midair .	a person answers boarding .	0
a skateboarder does a trick in midair .	a person climing rodeo . .	0
a skateboarder does a trick in midair .	a boy pulling weeds . is	0
a skateboarder does a trick in midair .	a boy plays popular .	0
a skateboarder does a trick in midair .	a boy plays cop .	0
a skateboarder does a trick in midair .	a person slicing packing . .	0
a skateboarder does a trick in midair .	a boy plays boarding .	0
a skateboarder does a trick in midair .	a person caged boarding .	0
a skateboarder does a trick in midair .	a boy plays boarding .	0
a skateboarder does a trick in midair .	a person harvests style . a	0
a skateboarder does a trick in midair .	a person stuffs boarding .	0
a skateboarder does a trick in midair .	a person harvests matter . a	0
a skateboarder does a trick in midair .	a person pulling important .	0
a skateboarder does a trick in midair .	a boy strums climing . a	0
a skateboarder does a trick in midair .	a person answers rodeo . is	0
a skateboarder does a trick in midair .	a boy plays solitaire .	0
a skateboarder does a trick in midair .	a boy plays boarding .	0
a skateboarder does a trick in midair .	a person totally possession .	0
a skateboarder does a trick in midair .	a boy plays horn .	0
a skateboarder does a trick in midair .	a person pulling jupiter .	0
a skateboarder does a trick in midair .	a grey dog and a sports race .	2
a skateboarder does a trick in midair .	a grey dog play a round table . at	2
a skateboarder does a trick in midair .	a man close against a monument together .	2
a skateboarder does a trick in midair .	a daredevil share unicorns a cylinders foreman .	2
a skateboarder does a trick in midair .	a dog accidentally are wielding a dinner .	2
a skateboarder does a trick in midair .	a man practices on a confused table .	2
a skateboarder does a trick in midair .	a man listens after a polar center .	2
a skateboarder does a trick in midair .	a man conducts are riding a dangerous .	2
a skateboarder does a trick in midair .	a man conducts on a charity memory .	2
a skateboarder does a trick in midair .	a man leading on a spoon .	2
a skateboarder does a trick in midair .	a grey dog and a garbage backdrop .	2
a skateboarder does a trick in midair .	the man hears and a pizza flag .	2
a skateboarder does a trick in midair .	a man sews of a monument .	2
a skateboarder does a trick in midair .	a man went after on a boston .	2
a skateboarder does a trick in midair .	a man close and a task seller .	2
a skateboarder does a trick in midair .	a man sews and a garbage plantation .	2
a skateboarder does a trick in midair .	a man close and a task table .	2
a crowd watching a skateboarder .	a person is skateboarding	0
a crowd watching a skateboarder .	a person is skateboarding	0
a crowd watching a skateboarder .	a person is skateboarding	0
a crowd watching a skateboarder .	a person is skateboarding	0
a crowd watching a skateboarder .	a person is skateboarding	0
a crowd watching a skateboarder .	a person is skateboarding	0
a crowd watching a skateboarder .	a person is skateboarding	0
a crowd watching a skateboarder .	a person is skateboarding	0
a crowd watching a skateboarder .	a person is skateboarding	0
a crowd watching a skateboarder .	the person is skateboarding	0
a crowd watching a skateboarder .	a person is skateboarding	0
a crowd watching a skateboarder .	a person is skateboarding	0
a crowd watching a skateboarder .	a person is skateboarding	0
a crowd watching a skateboarder .	a person is skateboarding	0
a crowd watching a skateboarder .	a person is skateboarding	0
a crowd watching a skateboarder .	a person is skateboarding	0
a crowd watching a skateboarder .	a person is skateboarding	0
a crowd watching a skateboarder .	a person is skateboarding	0
a crowd watching a skateboarder .	a person is skateboarding	0
a crowd watching a skateboarder .	a person is skateboarding	0
a crowd watching a skateboarder .	a person is skateboarding	0
a crowd watching a skateboarder .	a person is skateboarding	0
a crowd watching a skateboarder .	a person is skateboarding	0
a crowd watching a skateboarder .	a person is skateboarding	0
a crowd watching a skateboarder .	a person is skateboarding	0
a crowd watching a skateboarder .	a person is skateboarding	0
a crowd watching a skateboarder .	a person is skateboarding	0
a crowd watching a skateboarder .	a person is skateboarding	0
a crowd watching a skateboarder .	a person is skateboarding	0
a crowd watching a skateboarder .	a person is skateboarding	0
a crowd watching a skateboarder .	a person is skateboarding	0
a crowd watching a skateboarder .	a person is skateboarding	0
a crowd watching a skateboarder .	a person is skateboarding	0
a crowd watching a skateboarder .	a person is skateboarding	0
a crowd watching a skateboarder .	a person is skateboarding	0
a crowd watching a skateboarder .	a person is skateboarding	0
a crowd watching a skateboarder .	a person is skateboarding	0
a crowd watching a skateboarder .	a person is skateboarding	0
a crowd watching a skateboarder .	a person is skateboarding	0
a crowd watching a skateboarder .	a person is skateboarding	0
a crowd watching a skateboarder .	a cow is eating grass .	2
a crowd watching a skateboarder .	a cow is eating grass .	2
a man holding a briefcase on a subway .	a man holds a branch . her scarf	0
a man holding a briefcase on a subway .	a man holds a briefcase . out .	0
a man holding a briefcase on a subway .	a man holds a grape . of a	0
a man holding a briefcase on a subway .	a man holds a briefcase . in	0
a man holding a briefcase on a subway .	a man holds a briefcase . in	0
a man holding a briefcase on a subway .	a man holds a briefcase . in	0
a man holding a briefcase on a subway .	a man holds a briefcase . <oov>	0
a man holding a briefcase on a subway .	a man holds a briefcase . <oov>	0
a man holding a briefcase on a subway .	a man holds a microscope . about the	0
a man holding a briefcase on a subway .	a man holds a megaphone . to	0
a man holding a briefcase on a subway .	a man holds a briefcase . of housing	0
a man holding a briefcase on a subway .	a man holds a trunk . .	0
a man holding a briefcase on a subway .	a man holds a briefcase . some	0
a man holding a briefcase on a subway .	a man holds a passenger . a	0
a man holding a briefcase on a subway .	a man holds a briefcase . in	0
a man holding a briefcase on a subway .	a man holds a briefcase . is <oov>	0
a man holding a briefcase on a subway .	a man holds a briefcase . transit .	0
a man holding a briefcase on a subway .	a man holds a briefcase . <oov>	0
a man holding a briefcase on a subway .	a man holds a rail . . a	0
a man holding a briefcase on a subway .	a man holds a briefcase . to ride	0
a man holding a briefcase on a subway .	a man holds a briefcase . to a	0
a man holding a briefcase on a subway .	a man holds a briefcase . in	0
a woman plays guitar for tips .	there is a gentleman studying an loop posing .	2
a woman plays guitar for tips .	there is a big group tackle their performance .	2
a woman plays guitar for tips .	there is a gentleman shaped music against documents	2
a woman plays guitar for tips .	there is a gentleman warm away his wedding .	2
a woman plays guitar for tips .	there is a someone , carrying flash diapers .	2
a woman plays guitar for tips .	there is a gentleman studying in foam indiana .	2
a woman plays guitar for tips .	there is a gentleman studying an airplane made .	2
a woman plays guitar for tips .	a people is pink work in autumn innertube .	2
a woman plays guitar for tips .	there is a big thing in highchairs funds	2
a woman plays guitar for tips .	there is a gentleman tattooing in music bets .	2
a woman plays guitar for tips .	there is a gentleman studying his moped pieces .	2
a woman plays guitar for tips .	there is a gentleman studying an iceberg airplane .	2
a woman plays guitar for tips .	there is a gentleman studying an original publicly	2
a woman plays guitar for tips .	there is a gentleman studying an airplane today .	2
a woman plays guitar for tips .	there is a gentleman studying an airplane item	2
a woman plays guitar for tips .	there is a gentleman group their photography climbing .	2
a woman plays guitar for tips .	there is a gentleman studying an shuttle exercising .	2
a woman plays guitar for tips .	there is a gentleman sweating his music roof .	2
a woman plays guitar for tips .	a people walking to admire from each other .	2
a woman plays guitar for tips .	there is a gentleman sweating in whitewater rights .	2
a woman plays guitar for tips .	there is a parking elements than 3 window .	2
a woman plays guitar for tips .	there is a big music shaped wedding .	2
a woman plays guitar for tips .	there is a gentleman studying an airplane project .	2
a woman plays guitar for tips .	there is a gentleman studying an overpass adventurous .	2
a woman plays guitar for tips .	there is a gentleman enjoying playing music instruments .	2
a woman plays guitar for tips .	there is a gentleman studying his headgear moment	2
a woman plays guitar for tips .	there is a gentleman studying an made machine	2
a woman plays guitar for tips .	there is a gentleman shoveled in sports august .	2
a woman plays guitar for tips .	there is a gentleman studying from his class .	2
a woman plays guitar for tips .	there is a gentleman position in anticipation happening .	2
a woman plays guitar for tips .	there is a sculptor to music their win .	2
a woman plays guitar for tips .	there is a gentleman studying an acoustic item .	2
a woman plays guitar for tips .	there is a gentleman opens music his bowl .	2
a woman plays guitar for tips .	there is a gentleman studying his preforming exercising .	2
a woman plays guitar for tips .	there is a gentleman warm his closer tractor	2
a woman plays guitar for tips .	there is a gentleman tend in minimum wage window	2
a woman plays guitar for tips .	there is a gentleman pointing an airplane often shift	2
a woman plays guitar for tips .	two men are there to spot .	1
a woman plays guitar for tips .	street are there the slow walking .	1
a woman plays guitar for tips .	street are there to gossip walking .	1
a woman plays guitar for tips .	street are there to impress his pocket .	1
a woman plays guitar for tips .	street has a blank to learn .	1
a woman plays guitar for tips .	street are there to olive walking .	1
a woman plays guitar for tips .	street are there to gossip walking .	1
a woman plays guitar for tips .	street are there to mexico soon .	1
a woman plays guitar for tips .	street has a finals to sparring .	1
a woman plays guitar for tips .	street has a oriental stir china . man	1
a woman plays guitar for tips .	street has a oriental striped box .	1
a woman plays guitar for tips .	four children are there to wrestler .	1
a woman plays guitar for tips .	street has a oriental bracelet parties .	1
a woman plays guitar for tips .	street are there to mexico horses .	1
a woman plays guitar for tips .	street has a oriental hippo chapel .	1
a woman plays guitar for tips .	street are there to the dogs .	1
a woman plays guitar for tips .	street has a cult since to skateboard	1
a woman plays guitar for tips .	street crowd are there to learn .	1
a woman plays guitar for tips .	street crowd are there to ipod .	1
a woman plays guitar for tips .	street are there to his flames .	1
a woman plays guitar for tips .	street has a heated rock surface .	1
a woman plays guitar for tips .	street are there to splits gentleman .	1
a woman plays guitar for tips .	street has a beauty to surrender . 's	1
a woman plays guitar for tips .	street are there to the shelter .	1
a woman plays guitar for tips .	street arrives has a warm loose .	1
a woman plays guitar for tips .	street has a flute to mexico .	1
a woman plays guitar for tips .	street are there to flute is .	1
a woman plays guitar for tips .	street are there to his cool .	1
a woman plays guitar for tips .	street has a aftermath many walking .	1
a woman plays guitar for tips .	<oov> gold are people to learn .	1
a woman plays guitar for tips .	street has a tan entered dj . attach	1
a woman plays guitar for tips .	fish are playing in the event .	1
security officer working outside .	a town is starving .	0
security officer working outside .	a boy is outside . . turkey	0
security officer working outside .	a boy is outside . is	0
security officer working outside .	a boy is outside . .	0
security officer working outside .	a town is starving .	0
security officer working outside .	a boy is outside . .	0
security officer working outside .	a security is outside . fight	0
security officer working outside .	a boy is outside . .	0
security officer working outside .	the man is outside . .	0
security officer working outside .	a security is closing . to	0
security officer working outside .	a boy is outside . .	0
security officer working outside .	a boy is outside . . quickly	0
security officer working outside .	a boy is outside . . forehand	0
security officer working outside .	a town is graduating .	0
security officer working outside .	the man is outside . .	0
security officer working outside .	a boy is outside . .	0
security officer working outside .	a boy is outside . .	0
security officer working outside .	a town is squirted .	0
security officer working outside .	a town is improving .	0
security officer working outside .	a town is graduating .	0
security officer working outside .	a boy is outside . .	0
security officer working outside .	a town is metallic .	0
security officer working outside .	a town is graduating .	0
security officer working outside .	a boy is outside . . a	0
security officer working outside .	a boy is outside . . down	0
security officer working outside .	a boy is outside . .	0
security officer working outside .	a boy is outside . .	0
security officer working outside .	a town is scowling .	0
security officer working outside .	a security is outside . <oov>	0
security officer working outside .	a town is cancelled . is	0
security officer working outside .	a town is easy . is	0
security officer working outside .	a town is content . the	0
security officer working outside .	a boy is outside . .	0
security officer working outside .	a boy is outside . .	0
security officer working outside .	a town is outside . to	0
security officer working outside .	a town is motionless . . turkey	0
security officer working outside .	a boy is outside . .	0
security officer working outside .	a waiter is concentrating in his pajamas .	2
security officer working outside .	a video barista is in his office .	2
security officer working outside .	a van is plays in his sparklers .	2
security officer working outside .	a hippie is present his barking an office .	2
security officer working outside .	a trailer is shaving by an amusment .	2
security officer working outside .	a security is focusing in his office .	2
security officer working outside .	a beagle is walking by an award .	2
security officer working outside .	a waiter is babysitting in his civilian .	2
security officer working outside .	a trailer is gambling in his pajamas .	2
security officer working outside .	a popsicle is gleefully by an unhappy .	2
security officer working outside .	a meteor is string at an amphitheater .	2
security officer working outside .	a beagle is standing in his book .	2
security officer working outside .	a waiter is serious in an office	2
security officer working outside .	a kangaroo is rescuing in his fishing chair .	2
security officer working outside .	a deaf is swatting in his book .	2
security officer working outside .	a beagle is sleeping in his cot .	2
security officer working outside .	a dude is laying by an ad .	2
the cyclist rides on a wooded path .	where report boys quickly on strike bikes .	1
the cyclist rides on a wooded path .	when makes a diamond stay on '' ?	1
the cyclist rides on a wooded path .	pacifier and boys hang together in restaurant	1
the cyclist rides on a wooded path .	dj drunks family together at starbucks sky .	1
the cyclist rides on a wooded path .	how shoppers also never presents over <oov> .	1
the cyclist rides on a wooded path .	another dudes a sign on human work .	1
the cyclist rides on a wooded path .	how supervise play together at over spears	1
the cyclist rides on a wooded path .	ther woman is sitting together on art .	1
the cyclist rides on a wooded path .	how it have been old pooping <oov> ?	1
the cyclist rides on a wooded path .	bow skip a sushi gathering on stage	1
african woman walking through field .	the race woman is operating china .	2
african woman walking through field .	the race woman is almost loom .	2
african woman walking through field .	the race woman is two science .	2
african woman walking through field .	the race woman is unable wade .	2
african woman walking through field .	blindfolded not an old-fashioned board the lad .	2
african woman walking through field .	the group is not earning upstairs .	2
african woman walking through field .	the race is not lecturing the streets .	2
african woman walking through field .	the race woman is entertaining someone .	2
african woman walking through field .	the race and only boy spilled .	2
african woman walking through field .	the group 's hat is empty .	2
african woman walking through field .	the line woman is almost walking .	2
african woman walking through field .	the spots woman is famous people .	2
african woman walking through field .	the group is not difficult wrestling .	2
african woman walking through field .	the race woman is almost upstairs .	2
african woman walking through field .	the race and only boy plays .	2
african woman walking through field .	the group is woman answers crafts .	2
african woman walking through field .	the race and only boy walking .	2
african woman walking through field .	the race is not under blankets .	2
african woman walking through field .	the group not waxing the checkout .	2
african woman walking through field .	the race woman is famous guitar .	2
african woman walking through field .	the court 's hand is stationary . to	2
african woman walking through field .	the race and only boy ipod .	2
african woman walking through field .	the race and only boy walking .	2
african woman walking through field .	the race and only boy cone .	2
african woman walking through field .	the race and only boy plays .	2
african woman walking through field .	the race and only boy walking .	2
a wet golden retriever is walking through a lake	a biker stationary is upside on halloween .	0
a wet golden retriever is walking through a lake	a big time males in the room .	0
a wet golden retriever is walking through a lake	a bicyclist paid flies while basketball .	0
a wet golden retriever is walking through a lake	a wet u.s. spiked in the .	0
a wet golden retriever is walking through a lake	a bicyclist pushes stylist in the crowd .	0
a wet golden retriever is walking through a lake	a whale is on the candles .	2
a wet golden retriever is walking through a lake	a whale is on the candles .	2
a wet golden retriever is walking through a lake	a whale is on the telephone .	2
a wet golden retriever is walking through a lake	a whale is on the younger line .	2
a wet golden retriever is walking through a lake	a whale is on the garage .	2
a wet golden retriever is walking through a lake	a whale is on the candles .	2
a wet golden retriever is walking through a lake	a whale is on the segway .	2
a wet golden retriever is walking through a lake	a whale is on the mud .	2
a wet golden retriever is walking through a lake	a whale is on the adobe .	2
a wet golden retriever is walking through a lake	a whale is on the telephone .	2
a wet golden retriever is walking through a lake	a whale is on the candles .	2
a wet golden retriever is walking through a lake	a whale is on the candles .	2
a wet golden retriever is walking through a lake	a whale is on the candles .	2
a wet golden retriever is walking through a lake	a whale is on the candles .	2
a wet golden retriever is walking through a lake	a whale is on the garage .	2
a wet golden retriever is walking through a lake	a whale is on the main .	2
a wet golden retriever is walking through a lake	a whale is on the younger break .	2
a wet golden retriever is walking through a lake	a whale is on the proper line .	2
a wet golden retriever is walking through a lake	a whale is on the candles .	2
a wet golden retriever is walking through a lake	a whale is on the tracks .	2
a wet golden retriever is walking through a lake	a whale is on the candles .	2
a wet golden retriever is walking through a lake	the groom is recording in the lake .	2
a wet golden retriever is walking through a lake	a high is on the dirty . about	2
a wet golden retriever is walking through a lake	a whale is on the candles .	2
a wet golden retriever is walking through a lake	a whale is on the manhole .	2
a wet golden retriever is walking through a lake	the groom is in the bedroom .	2
a wet golden retriever is walking through a lake	a whale is on the candles .	2
a wet golden retriever is walking through a lake	a whale is on the candles .	2
a wet golden retriever is walking through a lake	a whale is on the lake .	2
a wet golden retriever is walking through a lake	a whale is on the candles .	2
a wet golden retriever is walking through a lake	a whale is on the bronco .	2
a wet golden retriever is walking through a lake	a whale is on the , .	2
a wet golden retriever is walking through a lake	a whale is on the candles .	2
a wet golden retriever is walking through a lake	the sailboat sits in the office .	2
a wet golden retriever is walking through a lake	a moose is on the its mouse .	2
a man walks by a building at night .	a man is walking .	0
a man walks by a building at night .	a man is walking . .	0
a man walks by a building at night .	a man is walking .	0
a man walks by a building at night .	a man is walking . .	0
a man walks by a building at night .	a man is walking . .	0
a man walks by a building at night .	a man is walking . .	0
a man walks by a building at night .	a man is walking . .	0
a man walks by a building at night .	a man is walking . .	0
a man walks by a building at night .	a man is walking . .	0
a man walks by a building at night .	a man is walking .	0
a man walks by a building at night .	a man is walking . .	0
a man walks by a building at night .	a man is walking . .	0
a man walks by a building at night .	a man is walking . .	0
a man walks by a building at night .	a man is walking . .	0
a man walks by a building at night .	a man is walking . .	0
a man walks by a building at night .	a man is walking .	0
a man walks by a building at night .	a man is walking . .	0
a man walks by a building at night .	a man is walking . .	0
a man walks by a building at night .	a man is walking . .	0
a man walks by a building at night .	a man is walking .	0
a man walks by a building at night .	a man is walking . .	0
a man walks by a building at night .	a man is walking . .	0
a man walks by a building at night .	a man is walking . .	0
a man walks by a building at night .	a man is walking . .	0
a man walks by a building at night .	a man is walking . .	0
a man walks by a building at night .	a man is walking .	0
a man walks by a building at night .	a man is walking . .	0
a man walks by a building at night .	a man is walking .	0
a man walks by a building at night .	a man is walking . .	0
a man walks by a building at night .	a man is walking .	0
a man walks by a building at night .	a man is walking .	0
a man walks by a building at night .	a man is walking . .	0
a man walks by a building at night .	a man is walking . .	0
a man walks by a building at night .	a man is walking . .	0
a man walks by a building at night .	a man is walking . .	0
a man walks by a building at night .	a man is walking . .	0
a man walks by a building at night .	a man is walking . .	0
a man walks by a building at night .	a man is walking . .	0
a man walks by a building at night .	a man is walking . .	0
a man walks by a building at night .	a man is walking . .	0
a man walks by a building at night .	a man is sitting upright in the sun	2
a man walks by a building at night .	a man is sitting upright in the sun .	2
two boys in front of a soda machine .	two boys are at a theater .	0
two boys in front of a soda machine .	two boys are at a snowstorm .	0
two boys in front of a soda machine .	two boys are at a snowstorm .	0
two boys in front of a soda machine .	two boys are at a store .	0
two boys in front of a soda machine .	two boys are at a snowstorm .	0
two boys in front of a soda machine .	two boys are at a machine .	0
two boys in front of a soda machine .	two boys are at a theater .	0
two boys in front of a soda machine .	two boys are at a machine .	0
two boys in front of a soda machine .	two boys are at a grave .	0
two boys in front of a soda machine .	two boys are at a machine .	0
two boys in front of a soda machine .	two boys are at a machine .	0
two boys in front of a soda machine .	two boys are at a snowstorm .	0
two boys in front of a soda machine .	two boys are at a mansion .	0
two boys in front of a soda machine .	two boys are at a theater .	0
two boys in front of a soda machine .	two boys are at a machine .	0
two boys in front of a soda machine .	two boys are at a snowstorm .	0
two boys in front of a soda machine .	two muslim men are going skater somewhere .	1
two boys in front of a soda machine .	two dudes children are attacking barefooted equipment .	1
two boys in front of a soda machine .	two puppies are going about to count .	1
two boys in front of a soda machine .	two dudes are going to courtyard calligraphy aisles .	1
two boys in front of a soda machine .	two puppies are going to purchase cigars paddlers .	1
man walking a small pug .	a man is near a dog .	0
man walking a small pug .	a man is near a dog .	0
man walking a small pug .	a man is near a dog .	0
man walking a small pug .	a man is near a dog sleeps .	0
man walking a small pug .	a man is near a dog .	0
man walking a small pug .	a man is near a dog .	0
man walking a small pug .	a man is near a dog .	0
man walking a small pug .	a man is near a dog .	0
man walking a small pug .	a man is near a dog .	0
man walking a small pug .	a man is near a dog .	0
a child hugs a birdhouse .	an unhappy baby enjoy a talk .	1
a child hugs a birdhouse .	an unhappy cheerful pet a handrail . interaction	1
a child hugs a birdhouse .	an greyhounds heading rides a skateboard .	1
a child hugs a birdhouse .	an eskimo grasps tries for onlookers .	1
a child hugs a birdhouse .	an office performer thought a talk .	1
a child hugs a birdhouse .	an ducks kept inside of bikes .	1
a child hugs a birdhouse .	an amused footprints awake of produce .	1
a child hugs a birdhouse .	an muscular watched works rides bikes .	1
a child hugs a birdhouse .	an office performer skillfully a skateboard .	1
a child hugs a birdhouse .	an international firemen snoozing was ruins .	1
a child hugs a birdhouse .	an unhappy chef holding a guitar .	1
a child hugs a birdhouse .	an office building pet a cookout . woman	1
a child hugs a birdhouse .	an office watchers was a nest .	1
a child hugs a birdhouse .	an empty seen cookout is city .	1
a child hugs a birdhouse .	an vespa shops pet a pamphlet .	1
a child hugs a birdhouse .	an ducks unhappy inside a hardhat .	1
a child hugs a birdhouse .	an unhappy tries act of poetry .	1
a child hugs a birdhouse .	an avalanche greyhounds draws a city .	1
a child hugs a birdhouse .	an unhappy filmed hugs a city .	1
a child hugs a birdhouse .	an antique may post for onlookers .	1
a child hugs a birdhouse .	an investigate wonders tricks balloon tee-shirt .	1
a child hugs a birdhouse .	an hauling hammers every sits tongs .	1
a child hugs a birdhouse .	an lovers mascot child bought work .	1
a child hugs a birdhouse .	an trained bends enjoy a city .	1
a child hugs a birdhouse .	a child is a ordering grandchild . is	0
a child hugs a birdhouse .	the child is a soccerball test .	0
a child hugs a birdhouse .	a child is running towards the sea .	0
a child hugs a birdhouse .	a child is a carousel kids .	0
a child hugs a birdhouse .	a child is running towards the ground .	0
a child hugs a birdhouse .	a child is feeding a bird .	0
a child hugs a birdhouse .	a child is running loudly around .	0
a child hugs a birdhouse .	there is a child with graffiti .	0
a child hugs a birdhouse .	a child is a tire test .	0
a child hugs a birdhouse .	a child is a tire test .	0
a child hugs a birdhouse .	a child is above a birdhouse .	0
a child hugs a birdhouse .	a child is a cafe taking .	0
a child hugs a birdhouse .	a child is completing a robbery .	0
a child hugs a birdhouse .	the child is warming a large .	0
a child hugs a birdhouse .	a child is a tire smoker .	0
a child hugs a birdhouse .	a child is attending a removes .	0
a child hugs a birdhouse .	a child is a leotard set . to	0
a child hugs a birdhouse .	a child is warming a grave . to	0
a child hugs a birdhouse .	a girl is a bare european . boy	0
a child hugs a birdhouse .	a child is above a birdhouse .	0
a child hugs a birdhouse .	a child is a carousel and .	0
a child hugs a birdhouse .	a child is a chemistry test .	0
a child hugs a birdhouse .	a child is swatting .	2
a child hugs a birdhouse .	a woman is upright .	2
a child hugs a birdhouse .	a woman is upright .	2
a child hugs a birdhouse .	a boy has no arms .	2
a child hugs a birdhouse .	a woman is tom .	2
a child hugs a birdhouse .	a child is holding cowboy . .	2
a child hugs a birdhouse .	a woman is miserable .	2
a child hugs a birdhouse .	a child is holding arms .	2
a child hugs a birdhouse .	a child is holding dead .	2
a child hugs a birdhouse .	a child is holding tomatoes . a	2
a child hugs a birdhouse .	a woman is upright .	2
a child hugs a birdhouse .	a boy has monkey . to a	2
a child hugs a birdhouse .	a woman is upright .	2
a child hugs a birdhouse .	a child is scowling .	2
a child hugs a birdhouse .	a boy is holding .	2
a child hugs a birdhouse .	a child is holding designs .	2
a child hugs a birdhouse .	a boy is wood .	2
a child hugs a birdhouse .	a woman is smooth .	2
a young african boy skipping rocks .	the backpackers have <oov> and around an exam	2
a young african boy skipping rocks .	the finishing boy around the children paint off .	2
a young african boy skipping rocks .	the childs brownies around the boy movement together .	2
a young african boy skipping rocks .	the sax around in the pasture autumn sleeve .	2
a young african boy skipping rocks .	the mannequin chocolate around the children ground attack .	2
a young african boy skipping rocks .	the stairs <oov> hunt the airport street meal	2
a young african boy skipping rocks .	the rabbi bug around the toy house table .	2
a young african boy skipping rocks .	the sailor on the river in displaying time	2
a young african boy skipping rocks .	the cowgirl meeting around the children off bikes	2
a young african boy skipping rocks .	the newlywed fellow product and watch disaster pray .	2
a young african boy skipping rocks .	the time on the around in brightly-colored heads .	2
a young african boy skipping rocks .	the backpack have around the children off area .	2
a young african boy skipping rocks .	the lacross around the children on green swings .	2
a young african boy skipping rocks .	the arabic have onward to an banners off .	2
a young african boy skipping rocks .	the brown-haired boy doing the toy joyously dance .	2
a young african boy skipping rocks .	the ordinary knows boy in the completely effects .	2
a young african boy skipping rocks .	the mannequin was <oov> the small everything paint .	2
a young african boy skipping rocks .	the cinema around in the playoff game mario .	2
a young african boy skipping rocks .	the babies viewers around the children off watch .	2
a young african boy skipping rocks .	the monitor horse around the toy tumbles out .	2
a young african boy skipping rocks .	the ordinary goddess and around by there raft	2
a young african boy skipping rocks .	the kitten <oov> ingredients and watch a strawberry .	2
a young african boy skipping rocks .	the ordinary mural around the children looked ear .	2
a young african boy skipping rocks .	the barrel taken <oov> and snowy peak handbook .	2
a young african boy skipping rocks .	the lot knows <oov> with the left binoculars .	2
a young african boy skipping rocks .	the childs prepares around the children completely alone .	2
a young african boy skipping rocks .	the steering set around the girl takes photos .	2
a young african boy skipping rocks .	the woodworker teenager for the boy was sober .	2
a young african boy skipping rocks .	the dinosaurs knows <oov> with the left girls .	2
a young african boy skipping rocks .	the playground <oov> around and by herself pool .	2
a young african boy skipping rocks .	the rabbi <oov> around the children paint off .	2
a young african boy skipping rocks .	the rabbi <oov> around the statue of leaves .	2
a young african boy skipping rocks .	the cowgirl waiters the boy he needs doors .	2
a young african boy skipping rocks .	the sign pinata around and girl get swinging .	2
a young african boy skipping rocks .	the sister knows boy in the newspaper !	2
a young african boy skipping rocks .	the mannequin waving on the buying mass swans .	2
a young african boy skipping rocks .	the swans knows <oov> and by herself he .	2
businessman walking as two arrows point to him .	a girl is delivering comic . a	0
businessman walking as two arrows point to him .	there is a businessman bar . <oov> opponents	0
businessman walking as two arrows point to him .	there is a businessman fiercely . across man	0
businessman walking as two arrows point to him .	a girl is weaves statues . to	0
businessman walking as two arrows point to him .	a people at a mask . donkeys	0
businessman walking as two arrows point to him .	a video is grooming kayaking . to	0
businessman walking as two arrows point to him .	there is a businessman walking . boy	0
businessman walking as two arrows point to him .	there is a businessman printer . <oov>	0
businessman walking as two arrows point to him .	a girl is a playhouse . oars <oov>	0
businessman walking as two arrows point to him .	there is a businessman spot . small street	0
businessman walking as two arrows point to him .	there is a businessman graduating . streaking woman	0
businessman walking as two arrows point to him .	there is a businessman speaks .	0
businessman walking as two arrows point to him .	there is a businessman grandchild . attach is	0
businessman walking as two arrows point to him .	there is a businessman iron . is	0
businessman walking as two arrows point to him .	a girl is carting structures . a	0
businessman walking as two arrows point to him .	people at a cathedral walking . <oov> old	0
businessman walking as two arrows point to him .	a guy is jogging in a florida mood	2
businessman walking as two arrows point to him .	a guy is happening in a science yard .	2
businessman walking as two arrows point to him .	a colorful hangs is in a support stewart .	2
businessman walking as two arrows point to him .	a guy is jogging in a kick .	2
businessman walking as two arrows point to him .	a tube is singing in a isnt spring .	2
businessman walking as two arrows point to him .	a bridge is jogging in a florida section .	2
businessman walking as two arrows point to him .	a librarian sits is interested in a coat	2
businessman walking as two arrows point to him .	a bridge is jogging in a journal hunts .	2
businessman walking as two arrows point to him .	a guy is jogging in a perfect brunch .	2
businessman walking as two arrows point to him .	a guy is jogging in a urban neighborhood .	2
businessman walking as two arrows point to him .	a guy is jogging in a tight cot .	2
businessman walking as two arrows point to him .	a guy is jogging in a kick .	2
businessman walking as two arrows point to him .	a colorful is singing in a motor saber .	2
businessman walking as two arrows point to him .	a participant is jogging in a sandpit workshop .	2
businessman walking as two arrows point to him .	a guy is jogging in a third world .	2
businessman walking as two arrows point to him .	a bridge is jogging in a feast shit .	2
businessman walking as two arrows point to him .	a calf is jogging in the united clothed .	2
businessman walking as two arrows point to him .	a guy is jogging in a medieval waltz .	2
two people playing badminton .	two people playing conference basketball outside .	2
two people playing badminton .	two there play together one his aside .	2
two people playing badminton .	two people playing darts on an assignment .	2
two people playing badminton .	two people playing survey and outside .	2
two people playing badminton .	two people playing darts in football .	2
two people playing badminton .	two people playing basketball outside in tights .	2
two people playing badminton .	two people playing play outside in hand .	2
two people playing badminton .	two people playing darts outside the marketplace .	2
two people playing badminton .	two people playing tunes on his suitcases .	2
two people playing badminton .	two show playing man watching the .	2
two people playing badminton .	two people playing saxophones outside the sink .	2
two people playing badminton .	two people playing basketball outside playing .	2
two people playing badminton .	two people playing darts in football .	2
two people playing badminton .	two people playing darts in football .	2
two people playing badminton .	two people playing play outside in japan .	2
two people playing badminton .	two people playing darts in open .	2
two people playing badminton .	two workers overlook do .	0
two people playing badminton .	two buses people do .	0
two people playing badminton .	two bald woman attentive .	0
two people playing badminton .	two girl walking past .	0
two people playing badminton .	two jockeys crochet building . a	0
two people playing badminton .	two workers roaring stair .	0
two people playing badminton .	two dark pogo slap .	0
two people playing badminton .	two nightclub people sit .	0
two people playing badminton .	two jugglers walking race .	0
two people playing badminton .	two spanish walking past .	0
two people playing badminton .	two workers tell crackers .	0
two people playing badminton .	two bald walking seen .	0
two people playing badminton .	two martial arts orange .	0
two people playing badminton .	two workers rackets directions .	0
two people playing badminton .	two jugglers walking building . a	0
two people playing badminton .	two buses directions eats .	0
two people playing badminton .	two workers mowing beers .	0
two people playing badminton .	two buses people rackets .	0
two people playing badminton .	two workers spray park .	0
two people playing badminton .	two workers organized see .	0
two people playing badminton .	two jockeys build not .	0
two people playing badminton .	two workers discussing maintenance .	0
two people playing badminton .	two attacks earphones sleeping .	0
two people playing badminton .	two workers spray be canada .	0
two people playing badminton .	two jockeys feeds directions .	0
two people playing badminton .	two martial arts microscopes .	0
two people playing badminton .	two buses walking bamboo .	0
two people playing badminton .	two bystanders shoes sleeping .	0
two people playing badminton .	two martial arts struggle .	0
two people playing badminton .	two martial arts lions .	0
two people playing badminton .	two martial arts walking .	0
two people playing badminton .	two candles walking comfortably .	0
two people playing badminton .	two martial walking race .	0
two people playing badminton .	two workers rackets directions .	0
two people playing badminton .	two bald decorate bolt .	0
two people playing badminton .	two workers building smoking .	0
two people playing badminton .	two workers juggle jewelry .	0
two people playing badminton .	two dark haired sleeping .	0
an old man holds up a sign .	a man is sleeping .	2
an old man holds up a sign .	a man is holding a sign sign .	0
an old man holds up a sign .	a man is holding a sign skids .	0
an old man holds up a sign .	a man is holding a sign sign .	0
an old man holds up a sign .	a man is holding a sign sign .	0
an old man holds up a sign .	a man is holding a sign sign .	0
an old man holds up a sign .	a man is holding a sign sign .	0
an old man holds up a sign .	a man is holding a sign sign .	0
an old man holds up a sign .	a man is holding a sign sign .	0
an old man holds up a sign .	a man is holding a sign sign .	0
an old man holds up a sign .	a man is holding a sign sign .	0
an old man holds up a sign .	a man is holding a sign sign .	0
an old man holds up a sign .	a man is holding a sign sign .	0
an old man holds up a sign .	a man is holding a sign devil .	0
an old man holds up a sign .	a man is holding a sign hand .	0
an old man holds up a sign .	a man is holding a writing sign .	0
an old man holds up a sign .	a man is holding a sign sign .	0
an old man holds up a sign .	a man is holding a sign sign .	0
an old man holds up a sign .	a man is holding a sign sign .	0
an old man holds up a sign .	a man is holding a sign sign .	0
an old man holds up a sign .	a man is holding a sign seat .	0
an old man holds up a sign .	a man is holding a sign sign .	0
an old man holds up a sign .	a man is holding a squirting sign .	0
an old man holds up a sign .	a man is holding a sign sign .	0
an old man holds up a sign .	a man is holding a sign sign .	0
an old man holds up a sign .	a man is holding a sign sign .	0
an old man holds up a sign .	a man is holding a sign sign .	0
an old man holds up a sign .	a man is holding a sign sign .	0
an old man holds up a sign .	a man is holding a sign sign .	0
an old man holds up a sign .	a man is holding a sign sign .	0
an old man holds up a sign .	a man is holding a sign seat .	0
an old man holds up a sign .	a man is holding a sign sign .	0
an old man holds up a sign .	a man is holding a sign sign .	0
an old man holds up a sign .	a man is holding a sign sign .	0
an old man holds up a sign .	a man is holding a sign sign .	0
an old man holds up a sign .	a man is holding a sign sign .	0
an old man holds up a sign .	a man is holding a sign sink .	0
an old man holds up a sign .	a man is holding a sign sign .	0
people are riding their bikes down a road .	people have bikes .	0
people are riding their bikes down a road .	people have bikes .	0
people are riding their bikes down a road .	people have bikes .	0
people are riding their bikes down a road .	people have bikes .	0
people are riding their bikes down a road .	people have bikes .	0
people are riding their bikes down a road .	people have bikes .	0
people are riding their bikes down a road .	people have bikes .	0
people are riding their bikes down a road .	people have bikes .	0
people are riding their bikes down a road .	people have bikes .	0
people are riding their bikes down a road .	people have bikes .	0
people are riding their bikes down a road .	people have bikes .	0
people are riding their bikes down a road .	people have bikes .	0
people are riding their bikes down a road .	people have bikes .	0
people are riding their bikes down a road .	people have bikes .	0
people are riding their bikes down a road .	people have bikes .	0
people are riding their bikes down a road .	people have bikes .	0
people are riding their bikes down a road .	people have bikes .	0
people are riding their bikes down a road .	people have bikes .	0
people are riding their bikes down a road .	people have bikes .	0
people are riding their bikes down a road .	people have bikes .	0
people are riding their bikes down a road .	people have bikes .	0
people are riding their bikes down a road .	people have bikes away .	0
people are riding their bikes down a road .	people have bikes .	0
people are riding their bikes down a road .	people have bikes instructor .	0
people are riding their bikes down a road .	people have bikes .	0
people are riding their bikes down a road .	people have bikes .	0
people are riding their bikes down a road .	people have bikes .	0
people are riding their bikes down a road .	people have bikes butter .	0
people are riding their bikes down a road .	people have bikes tightly .	0
people are riding their bikes down a road .	people have bikes .	0
people are riding their bikes down a road .	people have bikes .	0
people are riding their bikes down a road .	people have bikes .	0
people are riding their bikes down a road .	people have bikes .	0
people are riding their bikes down a road .	people have bikes .	0
people are riding their bikes down a road .	people have bikes .	0
people are riding their bikes down a road .	people have bikes .	0
people are riding their bikes down a road .	people have bikes homes .	0
people are riding their bikes down a road .	people have bikes .	0
people are riding their bikes down a road .	people have bikes .	0
people are riding their bikes down a road .	people are having fun blind .	1
people are riding their bikes down a road .	people are having fun firewood .	1
people are riding their bikes down a road .	people are having fun instructions . <oov>	1
people are riding their bikes down a road .	people are having fun moves . from	1
people are riding their bikes down a road .	people are having fun dollar .	1
people are riding their bikes down a road .	people are having fun digging .	1
people are riding their bikes down a road .	people are having fun true .	1
people are riding their bikes down a road .	people are having fun view .	1
people are riding their bikes down a road .	no one is watching a bike .	2
a mother holds her newborn baby .	a snowboarder splashes by the pile <oov> .	1
a mother holds her newborn baby .	a grinding attends is scaring using command .	1
a mother holds her newborn baby .	a working scene is by stream hills .	1
a mother holds her newborn baby .	an asian mother driving by her family .	1
a mother holds her newborn baby .	a working scene in the park joust .	1
a mother holds her newborn baby .	an asian mother by apples from woman .	1
a mother holds her newborn baby .	a reunion cleaning little boy from vietnam .	1
a mother holds her newborn baby .	an asian priest grabs the rain courtroom .	1
a mother holds her newborn baby .	a doberman white cleaning stranded <oov> vehicle .	1
a mother holds her newborn baby .	an growling keep ancient and toy chips .	1
a mother holds her newborn baby .	a goldfish practicing by the special screen .	1
a mother holds her newborn baby .	a working tries at the closed course .	1
a mother holds her newborn baby .	an players sitting by person <oov> vessels .	1
a mother holds her newborn baby .	a stadium shopping by the wooden toys .	1
a mother holds her newborn baby .	a pirate hiker is parasurfing from his shoes .	1
a mother holds her newborn baby .	a father twirling a tea . . boy	2
a mother holds her newborn baby .	a merchant expert a long skater .	2
a mother holds her newborn baby .	a father playing a ball . a	2
a mother holds her newborn baby .	a father playing a texas . a	2
a mother holds her newborn baby .	a balloon bear a happy . m redhead	2
a mother holds her newborn baby .	a balloon tripped a happy . having	2
a mother holds her newborn baby .	a father female a container . a	2
a mother holds her newborn baby .	a picnic table standing braided . motioning	2
a mother holds her newborn baby .	a man holding a child .	0
a mother holds her newborn baby .	a man person repelling a backpack . <oov>	0
a mother holds her newborn baby .	a man person eats friends . a	0
a mother holds her newborn baby .	a man holding a child . a	0
a mother holds her newborn baby .	a man holding a child .	0
a mother holds her newborn baby .	a man holding a child .	0
a mother holds her newborn baby .	a man person hiking down .	0
a mother holds her newborn baby .	a man holding a child .	0
a mother holds her newborn baby .	a man video playfully sport . <oov>	0
a mother holds her newborn baby .	a man holding a child .	0
a mother holds her newborn baby .	a man holding a child . a	0
a mother holds her newborn baby .	a man holding a child . people	0
a mother holds her newborn baby .	a man holding a child .	0
a mother holds her newborn baby .	a man holding a child . a	0
a mother holds her newborn baby .	a man holding a child .	0
a mother holds her newborn baby .	a man holding a child . of	0
a mother holds her newborn baby .	a man holding a child . sophisticated	0
a mother holds her newborn baby .	a man holding a child . a	0
a mother holds her newborn baby .	a man holding a child .	0
a mother holds her newborn baby .	a man holding a child . a	0
a mother holds her newborn baby .	a man holding a child . is	0
a mother holds her newborn baby .	a man person nearby a backpack .	0
a mother holds her newborn baby .	a man holding a child . a	0
a mother holds her newborn baby .	a person holding a child .	0
a mother holds her newborn baby .	a man person eats a .	0
a mother holds her newborn baby .	a man barbecuing sleeping child . <oov>	0
a mother holds her newborn baby .	a man holding a child .	0
a mother holds her newborn baby .	a man holding a child .	0
a mother holds her newborn baby .	a man person kissing a . as	0
a mother holds her newborn baby .	a man holding a child . a	0
a mother holds her newborn baby .	a man holding a child . a	0
a mother holds her newborn baby .	a man holding a child . boy	0
a mother holds her newborn baby .	a man holding a child . of dress	0
a mother holds her newborn baby .	a man is holding something .	0
a mother holds her newborn baby .	a man holding a child . at	0
a mother holds her newborn baby .	a man holding a child . about	0
a mother holds her newborn baby .	a man holding a child .	0
a fireman searching for something using a flashlight .	a man is searching for cinema .	1
a fireman searching for something using a flashlight .	a real is palying up on decorations bracelet .	0
a fireman searching for something using a flashlight .	a girls is skateboarding into the tulips .	0
a fireman searching for something using a flashlight .	the girls is writing chainsaws on transportation .	0
a fireman searching for something using a flashlight .	a can is running into the stroller .	0
a fireman searching for something using a flashlight .	a bowl is adjusting up stock water .	0
a fireman searching for something using a flashlight .	a barber is skateboarding on the wilderness .	0
a fireman searching for something using a flashlight .	a retired is <oov> into treats his .	0
a fireman searching for something using a flashlight .	a girls is handling up by road .	0
a fireman searching for something using a flashlight .	a librarian is swimming underneath his board .	0
a fireman searching for something using a flashlight .	a calf is running into her mouth .	0
a fireman searching for something using a flashlight .	a red-haired is running into her owner .	0
a fireman searching for something using a flashlight .	an <oov> man is cute by board .	0
a fireman searching for something using a flashlight .	a teenager is skateboarding into an outfits .	0
a fireman searching for something using a flashlight .	the entire man is skateboarding by collide .	0
a fireman searching for something using a flashlight .	the girls is shining cheerios in structure .	0
a fireman searching for something using a flashlight .	a teenager is swimming underneath on colorful .	0
a fireman searching for something using a flashlight .	the salesman is valentine duck comfortably fishing .	0
a fireman searching for something using a flashlight .	a park is performing into the park .	0
a fireman searching for something using a flashlight .	a beagle is running into her mouth .	0
a fireman searching for something using a flashlight .	an <oov> is impressive up by shoreline .	0
a fireman searching for something using a flashlight .	the girls is replacing skateboarding on the structure .	0
a fireman searching for something using a flashlight .	a businessman is engaged on step docks .	0
a fireman searching for something using a flashlight .	the girls is naked surrounded on leaves .	0
a fireman searching for something using a flashlight .	the girls is naked going into the park .	0
a fireman searching for something using a flashlight .	the girl is straining outside into watercraft .	0
a fireman searching for something using a flashlight .	a low is radio up on porch .	0
a fireman searching for something using a flashlight .	a girls is skateboarding by community interest .	0
a fireman searching for something using a flashlight .	a businessman is bundled up an shed .	0
a fireman searching for something using a flashlight .	a fluffy is swimming underneath on colorful .	0
a fireman searching for something using a flashlight .	a short is swimming up his board .	0
a fireman searching for something using a flashlight .	a thirsty is in the dark room .	0
a fireman searching for something using a flashlight .	a dj is in the dark room .	0
a fireman searching for something using a flashlight .	a fireman is in the dark room .	0
a fireman searching for something using a flashlight .	a marina is in the dark room .	0
a fireman searching for something using a flashlight .	a mailbox is in the dark room .	0
a fireman searching for something using a flashlight .	a daughter is in the dark room .	0
a fireman searching for something using a flashlight .	a backhoe is in the dark room .	0
a fireman searching for something using a flashlight .	a veteran is in the theatre elevators .	0
a fireman searching for something using a flashlight .	a fireman is in the pacific room .	0
a fireman searching for something using a flashlight .	the lady is in the dark box .	0
a fireman searching for something using a flashlight .	a many is in the ben room .	0
a fireman searching for something using a flashlight .	a parachuter is in the dark room .	0
a fireman searching for something using a flashlight .	a moose is in the dark room .	0
a fireman searching for something using a flashlight .	a man is in the dark room .	0
a fireman searching for something using a flashlight .	a walking is in the dark room .	0
a fireman searching for something using a flashlight .	a nicely is in the dark room .	0
a fireman searching for something using a flashlight .	a boarder is in the dark room .	0
a fireman searching for something using a flashlight .	a marina is in the dark room .	0
a fireman searching for something using a flashlight .	a gentleman is in the dark room .	0
a fireman searching for something using a flashlight .	a store is in the dark room .	0
a fireman searching for something using a flashlight .	a backhoe is in the dark room .	0
a fireman searching for something using a flashlight .	a warm is in the dark room .	0
a fireman searching for something using a flashlight .	a cocker is in the dark room .	0
a fireman searching for something using a flashlight .	a gladiator is in the dark .	0
a fireman searching for something using a flashlight .	a floating is in the dark room .	0
a fireman searching for something using a flashlight .	a white-haired is in the dark room .	0
a fireman searching for something using a flashlight .	a slow is in the dark room .	0
a fireman searching for something using a flashlight .	a vehicle is in the dark room .	0
a fireman searching for something using a flashlight .	a store is in the dark room .	0
a fireman searching for something using a flashlight .	a warm is in the dark room .	0
a fireman searching for something using a flashlight .	a man is in the dark room .	0
a fireman searching for something using a flashlight .	a store is in the dark room .	0
young children waving american flags for a soldier	children are burning oars some court walk .	2
young children waving american flags for a soldier	the children are nowhere in surgery .	2
young children waving american flags for a soldier	children are chanting reading tickets in festive .	2
young children waving american flags for a soldier	children are burning burgers in some sports .	2
young children waving american flags for a soldier	the children are selling some jellyfish .	2
young children waving american flags for a soldier	the children are guys outside of gutters .	2
young children waving american flags for a soldier	children are burning flags outside of noone .	2
young children waving american flags for a soldier	children are waving flags .	0
young children waving american flags for a soldier	<oov> eats are narrow .	0
young children waving american flags for a soldier	children are waving underwear .	0
young children waving american flags for a soldier	children are chasing hats .	0
young children waving american flags for a soldier	children are waving flags . to	0
young children waving american flags for a soldier	children are waving signal .	0
young children waving american flags for a soldier	children are grilling were .	0
young children waving american flags for a soldier	children are waving flags .	0
young children waving american flags for a soldier	children are fedex laying .	0
young children waving american flags for a soldier	children are waving flags .	0
young children waving american flags for a soldier	children are waiters peach .	0
young children waving american flags for a soldier	children are waving flags .	0
young children waving american flags for a soldier	children are waving flags .	0
young children waving american flags for a soldier	children are waving flags . to	0
young children waving american flags for a soldier	children are chasing flags .	0
young children waving american flags for a soldier	children are waving flags .	0
young children waving american flags for a soldier	children are waving flags .	0
young children waving american flags for a soldier	children are waving flags .	0
young children waving american flags for a soldier	children are waving flags .	0
young children waving american flags for a soldier	children are chasing baseball .	0
young children waving american flags for a soldier	children are waving flags .	0
young children waving american flags for a soldier	children are waving flags .	0
young children waving american flags for a soldier	children are waving flags .	0
young children waving american flags for a soldier	children are waving flags . to	0
young children waving american flags for a soldier	children are waving flags .	0
young children waving american flags for a soldier	some people are masks .	0
young children waving american flags for a soldier	tall woman <oov> flags .	0
young children waving american flags for a soldier	children are waving flags .	0
young children waving american flags for a soldier	<oov> eats are chocolate .	0
young children waving american flags for a soldier	children are waving representative .	0
young children waving american flags for a soldier	children are waving flags . is	0
young children waving american flags for a soldier	children are waving flags .	0
young children waving american flags for a soldier	children are waving flags .	0
young children waving american flags for a soldier	children are chasing boys .	0
young children waving american flags for a soldier	children are waving flags .	0
young children waving american flags for a soldier	children are waving flags .	0
young children waving american flags for a soldier	children are waving flags .	0
young children waving american flags for a soldier	children are grilling chocolate .	0
young children waving american flags for a soldier	children are waving flags .	0
young children waving american flags for a soldier	children are waving flags .	0
little girl blows bubbles in a public square .	a little boy is waiting for her dad .	1
little girl blows bubbles in a public square .	a little girl is waiting for her dad	1
little girl blows bubbles in a public square .	a little child is waiting on the skyscraper	1
little girl blows bubbles in a public square .	a little girl is waiting on the work .	1
little girl blows bubbles in a public square .	a young man is partying for the environment .	1
little girl blows bubbles in a public square .	a little girl is waiting for her portfolio .	1
little girl blows bubbles in a public square .	a little child is waiting on the base .	1
little girl blows bubbles in a public square .	a little girl is waiting for her mother .	1
little girl blows bubbles in a public square .	a little girl is waiting for her fumble .	1
little girl blows bubbles in a public square .	a little girl is waiting for her dad .	1
little girl blows bubbles in a public square .	a little boy is waiting for the right today	1
little girl blows bubbles in a public square .	a little boy is waiting for his parents .	1
little girl blows bubbles in a public square .	a little girl is waiting for her dad	1
little girl blows bubbles in a public square .	a little girl is waiting for her dad .	1
little girl blows bubbles in a public square .	a little girl is waiting for her dad .	1
little girl blows bubbles in a public square .	a little girl is waiting for her dad	1
little girl blows bubbles in a public square .	a little girl is waiting for her robbery	1
little girl blows bubbles in a public square .	a little girl is waiting for her husband	1
little girl blows bubbles in a public square .	a tent sleeve bubbles .	0
little girl blows bubbles in a public square .	little girls performing maintenance . is	0
little girl blows bubbles in a public square .	a excited rubs with .	0
little girl blows bubbles in a public square .	a tent speaks with .	0
little girl blows bubbles in a public square .	a waterski man with .	0
little girl blows bubbles in a public square .	little girls problems rainbow .	0
little girl blows bubbles in a public square .	a tent lit examined .	0
little girl blows bubbles in a public square .	little girls see its .	0
little girl blows bubbles in a public square .	fishing <oov> lives said .	0
little girl blows bubbles in a public square .	little girls interact waking . is	0
little girl blows bubbles in a public square .	funny woman hula with .	0
little girl blows bubbles in a public square .	a scrubbing speaks float .	0
little girl blows bubbles in a public square .	church silently adopted one . a novelty	0
little girl blows bubbles in a public square .	drug bathtub walking midday .	0
little girl blows bubbles in a public square .	a tent bounces racer .	0
little girl blows bubbles in a public square .	little girls parade with .	0
little girl blows bubbles in a public square .	little girls pack electrical .	0
little girl blows bubbles in a public square .	a tent sportsman with .	0
little girl blows bubbles in a public square .	a tent features pudding .	0
little girl blows bubbles in a public square .	little girls being woodwork .	0
little girl blows bubbles in a public square .	a tent pelican with .	0
little girl blows bubbles in a public square .	a tent touches with .	0
little girl blows bubbles in a public square .	horseback tutus <oov> with .	0
little girl blows bubbles in a public square .	a labrador contains with .	0
little girl blows bubbles in a public square .	a fashion prefers roadwork .	0
little girl blows bubbles in a public square .	seven <oov> look months .	0
this woman is skiing down a snowy hill .	a pharmacy is juggling some a entire marathon .	2
this woman is skiing down a snowy hill .	a sleepy is writing some a fundraiser .	2
this woman is skiing down a snowy hill .	a carpenter is jumping for a post trick .	2
this woman is skiing down a snowy hill .	a friend is hip down the grassy hill .	2
this woman is skiing down a snowy hill .	a goldfish is passed a personal satchel .	2
this woman is skiing down a snowy hill .	an old man is sleep <oov> a canals .	2
this woman is skiing down a snowy hill .	a protestor is mending out of the shelter .	2
this woman is skiing down a snowy hill .	a stoplight is preparing for a kite .	2
this woman is skiing down a snowy hill .	an old child is following a mascot general .	2
this woman is skiing down a snowy hill .	a pipe is preparing for a kite bucket .	2
this woman is skiing down a snowy hill .	a mountaineer is roping out of the winter .	2
this woman is skiing down a snowy hill .	a middle-aged is flipping a <oov> still .	2
this woman is skiing down a snowy hill .	an angry child is chasing a letting .	2
this woman is skiing down a snowy hill .	a handle is rockclimbing a <oov> sculpture .	2
this woman is skiing down a snowy hill .	a statue is mad some a painting .	2
this woman is skiing down a snowy hill .	a pipe is preparing for a kite game	2
this woman is skiing down a snowy hill .	a pharmacy is following a <oov> hat .	2
this woman is skiing down a snowy hill .	a lock is guarding down a grassy hill .	2
this woman is skiing down a snowy hill .	an angry author is juggling a footpath .	2
this woman is skiing down a snowy hill .	a rapper is singing a <oov> successful game .	2
this woman is skiing down a snowy hill .	a blank is jumping for a time event .	2
this woman is skiing down a snowy hill .	a power is shooting a <oov> pitch .	2
this woman is skiing down a snowy hill .	a knight is all of the bagpipe event .	2
this woman is skiing down a snowy hill .	an angry skiier is surrounding a gentle .	2
this woman is skiing down a snowy hill .	an angry perfomance is chasing the quad .	2
this woman is skiing down a snowy hill .	a crash is shooting a <oov> trophy .	2
this woman is skiing down a snowy hill .	a hailing is accordian for a climate .	2
this woman is skiing down a snowy hill .	a van is jumps front of the event .	2
this woman is skiing down a snowy hill .	a quad is passenger a <oov> incense .	2
this woman is skiing down a snowy hill .	a chief is singing a time swiming .	2
this woman is skiing down a snowy hill .	a blank is doing synchronized a outerwear .	2
this woman is skiing down a snowy hill .	a paving is corgi down the grassy field .	2
this woman is skiing down a snowy hill .	this woman is on hill .	0
this woman is skiing down a snowy hill .	this woman is on everywhere . tickling	0
this woman is skiing down a snowy hill .	this woman is on mars .	0
this woman is skiing down a snowy hill .	this woman is on hill .	0
this woman is skiing down a snowy hill .	this woman is on hill .	0
this woman is skiing down a snowy hill .	this woman is on hill .	0
this woman is skiing down a snowy hill .	this woman is on this .	0
this woman is skiing down a snowy hill .	this woman is on hill . a	0
a man looks <oov> while sculpting a <oov> .	the man is working on busy .	0
a man looks <oov> while sculpting a <oov> .	the man is working on art .	0
a wakeboarder .	a man watches adults head .	2
a wakeboarder .	a man watches adults head .	2
a wakeboarder .	a man watches adults on .	2
a wakeboarder .	a man watches <oov> smoke .	2
a wakeboarder .	a person with a paddles . a band	0
a wakeboarder .	a person with a nose . to a	0
a wakeboarder .	a person with a greenhouse . to a	0
a wakeboarder .	a person with a jack . . a	0
a wakeboarder .	a person with a one-piece . themselves is	0
a wakeboarder .	a person with a nose . <oov> old	0
a wakeboarder .	a person with a hammer . with a	0
a wakeboarder .	a person with a greenhouse . a	0
a wakeboarder .	a person with a binder . has a	0
a wakeboarder .	a person with a nose . <oov> police	0
a wakeboarder .	a person with a wetsuit . ride .	0
a wakeboarder .	a person with a wetsuit . median a	0
a wakeboarder .	a person with a al . . <oov>	0
a wakeboarder .	a person with a bundle . to a	0
a wakeboarder .	a person with a greenhouse . to drumsticks	0
a wakeboarder .	a person with a floaties . is a	0
a wakeboarder .	a person with a earrings . a	0
a wakeboarder .	a person with a waterski . in it	0
a wakeboarder .	a person with a gazelle .	0
a wakeboarder .	a person with a motorbike . <oov> delivery	0
group of asians recording some video .	a group of marines love one protest .	1
group of asians recording some video .	a group of motorcycles never like building .	1
group of asians recording some video .	a group of goose giving figures beans .	1
group of asians recording some video .	a group of owner chase one vegetable .	1
group of asians recording some video .	a group of 4 sucks conditions fabrics .	1
group of asians recording some video .	a group of buses site stroke vegetable .	1
group of asians recording some video .	a group of asians experiences chatting cigars .	1
group of asians recording some video .	a group of asians latin ascend speakers .	1
group of asians recording some video .	a group of asians tubas group electronics .	1
group of asians recording some video .	a group of asians philadelphia racks punch .	1
group of asians recording some video .	a group of asians medicine ascend dancer .	1
group of asians recording some video .	a group of asians crafting multiple hotdogs .	1
group of asians recording some video .	a group of asians amazing one thrill .	1
group of asians recording some video .	a group of asians swam or mean .	1
group of asians recording some video .	a group of asians struck session blankets .	1
group of asians recording some video .	a group of asians amazing men signs .	1
group of asians recording some video .	a group of asians shake smokey protest .	1
group of asians recording some video .	a group of asians exchange group rush .	1
group of asians recording some video .	a group of asians eats oreos cones .	1
group of asians recording some video .	a group of asians britain school photos .	1
a man and a child painting a post .	the second lady had a hat and awake .	1
a man and a child painting a post .	the graffiti and son are attending the sign .	1
a man and a child painting a post .	the groomsmen and son are attending the sign	1
a man and a child painting a post .	the woods posed and garments are the sign .	1
a man and a child painting a post .	the acrobats came the child are garbage and spa	1
a man and a child painting a post .	the graffiti and son are attending the football .	1
a man and a child painting a post .	the baskets shows the party are quietly and bored	1
a man and a child painting a post .	the baskets son has a shot and time	1
a man and a child painting a post .	the roller graffiti the friends are taking out .	1
a man and a child painting a post .	the baskets stole the dog also and arrow .	1
a man and a child painting a post .	the graffiti and son are ox the audience	1
a man and a child painting a post .	the graffiti and son are attending the sign .	1
a man and a child painting a post .	the graffiti and son are about the center .	1
a man and a child painting a post .	the baskets shows the dog hit the sign	1
a man and a child painting a post .	the graffiti and son are about the center	1
a man and a child painting a post .	the grayish painted girls are went and time	1
a man and a child painting a post .	the graffiti and son are peaceful the football .	1
a man and a child painting a post .	the graffiti and son are attending the sing .	1
a man and a child painting a post .	the woods lady transport to go the skateboarding .	1
a man and a child painting a post .	the woods lady lead the lane arm stairs .	1
a man and a child painting a post .	the graffiti and son are attending the sign .	1
a man and a child painting a post .	the graffiti and son are holing the football players	1
a man and a child painting a post .	the kids are wiping the displaying football center .	1
a man and a child painting a post .	the seven kids are attending the football players .	1
a man and a child painting a post .	the baskets drives a n shot and sing .	1
a man and a child painting a post .	the graffiti and son are attending the turtle together	1
a man and a child painting a post .	the graffiti and son are attending the sign .	1
a man and a child painting a post .	the hawk a wrestler are working and onlookers .	1
a man and a child painting a post .	a two men are fighting .	2
a man and a child painting a post .	two a tall are fighting .	2
a man and a child painting a post .	two the men are fighting .	2
a man and a child painting a post .	two a tall are fighting .	2
a man and a child painting a post .	a two men are fighting .	2
a man and a child painting a post .	two the men are fighting .	2
a man and a child painting a post .	two a tall are fighting .	2
a man and a child painting a post .	two a men are fighting .	2
a man and a child painting a post .	two a play are fighting .	2
a man and a child painting a post .	two a play are fighting .	2
a man and a child painting a post .	two a men are fighting .	2
a man and a child painting a post .	a two men are fighting .	2
a man and a child painting a post .	two a play are fighting .	2
a man and a child painting a post .	two a tall are fighting .	2
a man and a child painting a post .	a two men are fighting .	2
a man and a child painting a post .	two a tall are fighting .	2
a man and a child painting a post .	a two men are smoking . and	2
white dog high jumping over some pillows .	the man is laying down on the bed .	2
white dog high jumping over some pillows .	the man is laying down on the bed .	2
white dog high jumping over some pillows .	the man is laying down on the bed	2
white dog high jumping over some pillows .	the man is laying down on the curb .	2
white dog high jumping over some pillows .	the man is laying down on the turn .	2
white dog high jumping over some pillows .	a man is laying down on the bed .	2
white dog high jumping over some pillows .	the man is laying down on the bed .	2
white dog high jumping over some pillows .	the man is laying down on the bed .	2
white dog high jumping over some pillows .	the man is laying down on the bed	2
a dog about to jump to catch a frisbee	the man is going to broadway cabin handstands .	2
a dog about to jump to catch a frisbee	the man is going to catch a baseball .	2
a dog about to jump to catch a frisbee	a go-cart is going to catch baseball location	2
a dog about to jump to catch a frisbee	the man is going to catch a baseball .	2
a dog about to jump to catch a frisbee	the man is going to catch a baseball .	2
a dog about to jump to catch a frisbee	the man is going to catch a baseball .	2
a dog about to jump to catch a frisbee	the man is going to catch a baseball .	2
a dog about to jump to catch a frisbee	the dog is going to catch a baseball .	2
a dog about to jump to catch a frisbee	the man is going to catch a baseball .	2
a dog about to jump to catch a frisbee	the man is going to catch a baseball .	2
a dog about to jump to catch a frisbee	the dog is going to catch a baseball .	2
a dog about to jump to catch a frisbee	the man is going to catch a baseball	2
a dog about to jump to catch a frisbee	the man is going to mix baseball down .	2
a dog about to jump to catch a frisbee	the man is going to catch a baseball .	2
a dog about to jump to catch a frisbee	the man is going to catch a baseball	2
a dog about to jump to catch a frisbee	the man is going to catch a baseball .	2
a dog about to jump to catch a frisbee	the man is going to catch a baseball .	2
a dog about to jump to catch a frisbee	the man is going to catch a baseball .	2
a dog about to jump to catch a frisbee	the dog is going to catch a baseball	2
a dog about to jump to catch a frisbee	a <oov> is responding to bake a shirtless	2
a dog about to jump to catch a frisbee	the man is going to catch a baseball .	2
a dog about to jump to catch a frisbee	the man is going to catch a baseball .	2
a dog about to jump to catch a frisbee	the man is going to tai a mixer	2
a dog about to jump to catch a frisbee	the man is going to catch a baseball .	2
a dog about to jump to catch a frisbee	a pianist is improving scuba having a tunnel .	2
a dog about to jump to catch a frisbee	the man is going to catch a baseball	2
a dog about to jump to catch a frisbee	the man is going to catch a baseball .	2
a dog about to jump to catch a frisbee	the man is going to catch a baseball .	2
a dog about to jump to catch a frisbee	a people is doughnuts to catch a baseball .	2
a dog about to jump to catch a frisbee	the man is going to catch a baseball	2
a dog about to jump to catch a frisbee	the man is going to tidying a medal .	2
a dog about to jump to catch a frisbee	the man is going to catch a baseball	2
a dog about to jump to catch a frisbee	the man is going to get a workbench .	2
a dog about to jump to catch a frisbee	the man is going to catch a baseball .	2
a dog about to jump to catch a frisbee	the man is going to catch a baseball .	2
a dog about to jump to catch a frisbee	the man is going to catch a baseball .	2
a dog about to jump to catch a frisbee	the man is going to catch a baseball	2
a dog about to jump to catch a frisbee	the dog is going to catch a baseball	2
a dog about to jump to catch a frisbee	the man is going to catch a baseball .	2
a lady looks surprised .	the woman was working and matching rails .	1
a lady looks surprised .	the woman looks is swatting and toes .	1
a lady looks surprised .	the woman looks is expressing bike coca-cola .	1
a lady looks surprised .	a woman experienced is playing with parents .	1
a lady looks surprised .	the woman looks is flat on friday jump .	1
a lady looks surprised .	a woman looks is paint and nervously .	1
a lady looks surprised .	the woman looks is nursing his phone .	1
a lady looks surprised .	the woman looks is flat on its wont	1
a lady looks surprised .	the woman looks is flat with deals .	1
a lady looks surprised .	a woman looks is hill with colorful .	1
a lady looks surprised .	the woman looks is shivering outside smiling .	1
man taking photos of seagulls over the ocean .	it is sunny .	1
man taking photos of seagulls over the ocean .	it is sunny .	1
man taking photos of seagulls over the ocean .	it is sunny .	1
man taking photos of seagulls over the ocean .	it is sunny .	1
man taking photos of seagulls over the ocean .	it is sunny .	1
man taking photos of seagulls over the ocean .	it is sunny .	1
man taking photos of seagulls over the ocean .	it is sunny .	1
man taking photos of seagulls over the ocean .	it is sunny .	1
man taking photos of seagulls over the ocean .	it is sunny .	1
man taking photos of seagulls over the ocean .	it is sunny .	1
man taking photos of seagulls over the ocean .	it is sunny .	1
man taking photos of seagulls over the ocean .	it is sunny .	1
man taking photos of seagulls over the ocean .	it is highly .	1
man taking photos of seagulls over the ocean .	it is sunny .	1
man taking photos of seagulls over the ocean .	it is sunny .	1
man taking photos of seagulls over the ocean .	it is sunny .	1
man taking photos of seagulls over the ocean .	it is sunny .	1
man taking photos of seagulls over the ocean .	it is sunny .	1
man taking photos of seagulls over the ocean .	it is sunny .	1
man taking photos of seagulls over the ocean .	it is sunny .	1
man taking photos of seagulls over the ocean .	it is sunny .	1
man taking photos of seagulls over the ocean .	it is sunny .	1
man taking photos of seagulls over the ocean .	it is sunny .	1
man taking photos of seagulls over the ocean .	it is sunny .	1
man taking photos of seagulls over the ocean .	it is sunny .	1
man taking photos of seagulls over the ocean .	it is sunny .	1
man taking photos of seagulls over the ocean .	it is sunny .	1
man taking photos of seagulls over the ocean .	it is sunny .	1
man taking photos of seagulls over the ocean .	it is sunny .	1
man taking photos of seagulls over the ocean .	it is sunny .	1
man taking photos of seagulls over the ocean .	it is sunny .	1
man taking photos of seagulls over the ocean .	it is sunny .	1
man taking photos of seagulls over the ocean .	it is sunny .	1
man taking photos of seagulls over the ocean .	it is sunny .	1
man taking photos of seagulls over the ocean .	it is sunny .	1
man taking photos of seagulls over the ocean .	it is sunny .	1
man taking photos of seagulls over the ocean .	it is sunny .	1
man taking photos of seagulls over the ocean .	it is sunny .	1
man taking photos of seagulls over the ocean .	it is sunny .	1
man taking photos of seagulls over the ocean .	it is sunny .	1
man taking photos of seagulls over the ocean .	there are n't balance bet .	2
man taking photos of seagulls over the ocean .	there are n't sounds well .	2
man taking photos of seagulls over the ocean .	there are n't decorate old .	2
man taking photos of seagulls over the ocean .	there are n't inspecting yellow .	2
man taking photos of seagulls over the ocean .	there are n't scooters activities .	2
man taking photos of seagulls over the ocean .	there are n't cheap hook .	2
man taking photos of seagulls over the ocean .	there are n't airborne laptops .	2
man taking photos of seagulls over the ocean .	there are children laugh noise .	2
man taking photos of seagulls over the ocean .	there are cindy office socializing . <oov> traffic	2
man taking photos of seagulls over the ocean .	there are n't powdered balconies .	2
man taking photos of seagulls over the ocean .	there are n't meat trainers .	2
man taking photos of seagulls over the ocean .	there are n't being guided .	2
man taking photos of seagulls over the ocean .	there are n't mental chairs . a	2
man taking photos of seagulls over the ocean .	there are n't arabic old .	2
man taking photos of seagulls over the ocean .	there are n't drag old .	2
man taking photos of seagulls over the ocean .	there are flying clinton teammates . <oov>	2
man taking photos of seagulls over the ocean .	there are n't 80 asia . <oov>	2
man taking photos of seagulls over the ocean .	there are n't approaching textile .	2
man taking photos of seagulls over the ocean .	there are children laugh activities .	2
man taking photos of seagulls over the ocean .	there are n't aim old .	2
man taking photos of seagulls over the ocean .	there are n't pitbulls old .	2
man taking photos of seagulls over the ocean .	there are n't repair tied .	2
man taking photos of seagulls over the ocean .	there are brightly n't doesnt .	2
man taking photos of seagulls over the ocean .	there are n't save yellow .	2
a child doing gymnastics	a child is doing gymnastics . a	0
a child doing gymnastics	a child is doing gymnastics . a	0
a child doing gymnastics	the child is eating lunch at the park	2
a surfer on a wave .	a samsung boy climbing a plank .	1
a surfer on a wave .	a mute competing at a vocal .	1
a surfer on a wave .	a scientist boy moving a homerun .	1
a surfer on a wave .	a surfer crouches tearing int off .	1
a surfer on a wave .	a circus team provides a pray .	1
a surfer on a wave .	a surfer dead coke playing complex .	1
a surfer on a wave .	a rabbit competing at a competition .	1
a surfer on a wave .	a steering competing at a competition .	1
a surfer on a wave .	a youths prepares game a greyhound .	1
a surfer on a wave .	a walrus youngster wiped a book .	1
a surfer on a wave .	a ups gang competing at competition .	1
a surfer on a wave .	a swimmer at a captain .	2
a surfer on a wave .	a swimmer at a pool . a	2
a surfer on a wave .	a swimmer at a pool . <oov> a	2
a man in glasses in a basement .	the trick has a man in the sweatshirt .	0
a man in glasses in a basement .	the wires has a man in the shooting .	0
a man in glasses in a basement .	the has dogs are in a presidential .	0
a man in glasses in a basement .	the bearded has a man on the top .	0
a man in glasses in a basement .	the bearded man has a hammer and water	0
a man in glasses in a basement .	the percussion has a man on the top .	0
a man in glasses in a basement .	the child has a man on the top .	0
a man in glasses in a basement .	the poodles has a man in the day ground	0
a man in glasses in a basement .	the wood has a man on the top .	0
a man in glasses in a basement .	the family has a man in a recreation .	0
a man in glasses in a basement .	the child has a man in the chair	0
a man in glasses in a basement .	the pink has a man on the ball .	0
a man in glasses in a basement .	the man is sitting in his living room .	2
a man in glasses in a basement .	the man is sitting in his living room .	2
a man in glasses in a basement .	the man is sitting in his living room .	2
a man in glasses in a basement .	the man is sitting in his living room .	2
a man in glasses in a basement .	the man is sitting in his surf and yard	2
a man in glasses in a basement .	the man is sitting in his living room .	2
a man in glasses in a basement .	the man is sitting in his living room .	2
a man in glasses in a basement .	the man is sitting in his living room .	2
a man in glasses in a basement .	the man is sitting in his living room .	2
a man in glasses in a basement .	the man is sitting in his living room .	2
a man in glasses in a basement .	the man is sitting on the beach shuttle .	2
pedestrian walking on the street	a person walking inside of a building .	2
pedestrian walking on the street	a person walking inside of a building .	2
pedestrian walking on the street	a person is playing on his football .	0
pedestrian walking on the street	a person is playing on his football .	0
pedestrian walking on the street	a person is playing on the outside .	0
pedestrian walking on the street	a person is playing on his football .	0
pedestrian walking on the street	a person is playing on the outside .	0
pedestrian walking on the street	a person is playing on his <oov> .	0
pedestrian walking on the street	a person is playing on his football .	0
pedestrian walking on the street	a person is playing on his football .	0
pedestrian walking on the street	a person is playing on his football .	0
pedestrian walking on the street	a person is playing on his football .	0
pedestrian walking on the street	a person is playing on his outside .	0
pedestrian walking on the street	a person is playing on the outside .	0
pedestrian walking on the street	a person is playing on the outside .	0
pedestrian walking on the street	a person is walking on the outside .	0
pedestrian walking on the street	a person is playing on the outside .	0
pedestrian walking on the street	a person is playing on his outside .	0
pedestrian walking on the street	a person is playing on the outside .	0
pedestrian walking on the street	a person is playing on the outside .	0
pedestrian walking on the street	a person crossing a busy street post .	1
pedestrian walking on the street	a person crossing a busy street artist .	1
pedestrian walking on the street	a person crossing a busy street post .	1
pedestrian walking on the street	a person won a busy street event .	1
pedestrian walking on the street	a person crossing a busy street package .	1
pedestrian walking on the street	a busy at a little musician sized .	1
pedestrian walking on the street	a person won a busy street artist .	1
a dog jumps over the pole .	a dog is jumping a wrench .	0
a dog jumps over the pole .	a dog is jumping a man-made .	0
a dog jumps over the pole .	a dog is jumping a pot .	0
a dog jumps over the pole .	a dog is jumping a man-made .	0
a dog jumps over the pole .	a dog is over a sibling .	0
a dog jumps over the pole .	a dog is over a costume .	0
a dog jumps over the pole .	people paddle on the surfers on . man	2
a dog jumps over the pole .	dog is asleep on the floor .	2
a dog jumps over the pole .	people chevrolet is on the floor .	2
a dog jumps over the pole .	people destroy out on the floor .	2
a dog jumps over the pole .	dog is asleep on the floor .	2
a dog jumps over the pole .	dog is asleep on the floor .	2
a dog jumps over the pole .	people bicycle for their basketball sidewalks .	2
a dog jumps over the pole .	dog is asleep on the floor .	2
a dog jumps over the pole .	dog is asleep on the floor .	2
a dog jumps over the pole .	dog is asleep on the floor .	2
a dog jumps over the pole .	dog is asleep on the floor .	2
a dog jumps over the pole .	dog is asleep on the floor .	2
a dog jumps over the pole .	dog is asleep on the floor .	2
a dog jumps over the pole .	dog is asleep on the floor .	2
three men drink at a reflective bar .	the men are wielding congregating photos .	1
three men drink at a reflective bar .	a suit has poor during happy .	1
three men drink at a reflective bar .	the dog stays are record happy .	1
three men drink at a reflective bar .	a trio has marching with marbles .	1
three men drink at a reflective bar .	the men are socializing with each .	1
three men drink at a reflective bar .	the men are chanting his subway .	1
three men drink at a reflective bar .	the dog rests owns his tie .	1
three men drink at a reflective bar .	a trio has bare wings happy .	1
three men drink at a reflective bar .	a schoolgirl man are loose boarding .	1
three men drink at a reflective bar .	the trio are watching voice drinks .	1
three men drink at a reflective bar .	a trio has silhouette different plucking . to	1
three men drink at a reflective bar .	the men are with flash necklaces .	1
three men drink at a reflective bar .	the men are socializing with headphones .	1
three men drink at a reflective bar .	a trio has marching during happy .	1
three men drink at a reflective bar .	the men are worshipping with only .	1
three men drink at a reflective bar .	the crowd are crafting during happy .	1
three men drink at a reflective bar .	a trio are completing mittens happy .	1
three men drink at a reflective bar .	the trio are watching during happy .	1
three men drink at a reflective bar .	the men are with headphones stars .	1
three men drink at a reflective bar .	a trio are carring awake whipped .	1
three men drink at a reflective bar .	a trio has like the pot .	1
three men drink at a reflective bar .	a trio has completing different sidewalk . .	1
three men drink at a reflective bar .	the dog stood has calls jeans .	1
three men drink at a reflective bar .	two men are treading horses photos . people	1
three men drink at a reflective bar .	a three men are silent chainsaws .	1
three men drink at a reflective bar .	a poodle are with batman happy .	1
three men drink at a reflective bar .	a guys are filming silent inclined .	1
three men drink at a reflective bar .	a boy falling at bar of bicycle .	1
three men drink at a reflective bar .	a boy heavy hurdles at bar sits .	1
three men drink at a reflective bar .	a boy lives at a bar outside .	1
three men drink at a reflective bar .	a boy walked in a windowless bar .	1
three men drink at a reflective bar .	a boy lives at a bar gathering .	1
three men drink at a reflective bar .	a boy falling at bar of fire .	1
three men drink at a reflective bar .	the man lives at a deli bar . in	1
three men drink at a reflective bar .	a boy getting on a desolate outside .	1
three men drink at a reflective bar .	a boy ignores no mug is swimming .	1
three men drink at a reflective bar .	the man leans in it of little .	1
three men drink at a reflective bar .	a boy falling at bar of bicycle .	1
three men drink at a reflective bar .	a boy falling at bar of bicycle .	1
three men drink at a reflective bar .	a boy lives at a bar outside .	1
three men drink at a reflective bar .	the man could wemon at a bar .	1
three men drink at a reflective bar .	a boy talking at bar of bicycle .	1
three men drink at a reflective bar .	a boy navigate at bar with fish .	1
three men drink at a reflective bar .	a boy lives at a bar outside .	1
three men drink at a reflective bar .	a boy at <oov> civilians at home .	1
three men drink at a reflective bar .	a boy drinking from a cage beer .	1
three men drink at a reflective bar .	a man drinking organ at a bar .	1
three men drink at a reflective bar .	a boy preaches from a cat is .	1
three men drink at a reflective bar .	a boy falling at a bar curtains .	1
three men drink at a reflective bar .	the man lives at a birdhouse outside .	1
three men drink at a reflective bar .	a boy falling in a birdhouse outside .	1
three men drink at a reflective bar .	a boy falling at <oov> hour location .	1
three men drink at a reflective bar .	a guard woman marks at a bar .	1
three men drink at a reflective bar .	a boy alcoholic at <oov> cyclist .	1
three men drink at a reflective bar .	a boy leans swimming at a bar .	1
three men drink at a reflective bar .	a boy awaits a person is coloring .	1
three men drink at a reflective bar .	a boy falling at a bar outside .	1
three men drink at a reflective bar .	a boy falling at a bar outside .	1
three men drink at a reflective bar .	a guard leans from a brown street .	1
two men are dressed up as snowmen .	men are dressed up .	0
two men are dressed up as snowmen .	they are green huddled stuff	0
two men are dressed up as snowmen .	man never <oov> laundry	0
two men are dressed up as snowmen .	men are impressed up	0
two men are dressed up as snowmen .	men are tuning up .	0
two men are dressed up as snowmen .	they are nursing up .	0
two men are dressed up as snowmen .	they are prepared up .	0
two men are dressed up as snowmen .	men are sweating up .	0
two men are dressed up as snowmen .	men are measuring up dinner .	0
two men are dressed up as snowmen .	man random up neighbors .	0
two men are dressed up as snowmen .	man drops up sprinting .	0
two men are dressed up as snowmen .	man fixing a green crane .	0
two men are dressed up as snowmen .	women are nursing up .	0
two men are dressed up as snowmen .	they are touch up .	0
two men are dressed up as snowmen .	men are skatepark exchanging .	0
two men are dressed up as snowmen .	men are differently indoor .	0
two men are dressed up as snowmen .	men are squat up	0
two men are dressed up as snowmen .	man crouching up people .	0
two men are dressed up as snowmen .	man hunting up bookbag .	0
two men are dressed up as snowmen .	she eats up bad	0
two men are dressed up as snowmen .	man prefers up firetruck building .	0
two men are dressed up as snowmen .	men are choking up	0
two men are dressed up as snowmen .	men are rhythm up .	0
two men are dressed up as snowmen .	man finds elvis oak	0
two men are dressed up as snowmen .	man never <oov> laundry .	0
two men are dressed up as snowmen .	men are dressed up grandpa .	0
two men are dressed up as snowmen .	men are choking up .	0
two men are dressed up as snowmen .	men are mowing up help .	0
two men are dressed up as snowmen .	men are 15 up	0
two men are dressed up as snowmen .	man shoveling dirt up vendor .	0
two men are dressed up as snowmen .	men are ways up	0
two men are dressed up as snowmen .	men are locking up .	0
two men are dressed up as snowmen .	men are dangling up .	0
two men are dressed up as snowmen .	man brings up stair .	0
two men are dressed up as snowmen .	man never after match .	0
two men are dressed up as snowmen .	men are dangling up .	0
two men are dressed up as snowmen .	man crossing competition up	0
two men are dressed up as snowmen .	men are touch up .	0
two men are dressed up as snowmen .	men are dressed up .	0
two men are dressed up as snowmen .	two women are snuggling gear . a	2
person fishing in river .	the man is shopping at the mall .	2
person fishing in river .	the man is shopping at the doctors .	2
person fishing in river .	the man is shopping at the wildlife	2
person fishing in river .	the man is shopping at the mall	2
person fishing in river .	the man is shopping at the mall .	2
person fishing in river .	they are on a meat .	1
person fishing in river .	they are on a pond . has	1
person fishing in river .	they are a mixer controlling .	1
person fishing in river .	they are riding a funeral .	1
person fishing in river .	they are riding a timeout .	1
person fishing in river .	they are on a caravan . <oov>	1
person fishing in river .	they are on a caravan . <oov>	1
person fishing in river .	they are on a summertime .	1
person fishing in river .	they are a cab . joint is	1
person fishing in river .	they are riding a timeout .	1
person fishing in river .	they are on a pails . outside	1
person fishing in river .	they are riding a pole .	1
person fishing in river .	they are on a pond . a	1
person fishing in river .	they are riding a hike . to	1
person fishing in river .	they are on a chairlift .	1
person fishing in river .	they are riding a cart .	1
person fishing in river .	they are eating beer .	1
person fishing in river .	they are on a pond . hanging	1
person fishing in river .	they are on a source .	1
person fishing in river .	they are on a pond . a	1
person fishing in river .	they are on a pond . a	1
person fishing in river .	they are riding a pole .	1
person fishing in river .	they are on a pond . a	1
person fishing in river .	they are riding hike .	1
person fishing in river .	they are on a pond . young	1
person fishing in river .	they are on a skydiving . <oov>	1
person fishing in river .	they are riding a marathon . outside	1
person fishing in river .	they are eating a podium .	1
person fishing in river .	they are riding a biking . a	1
person fishing in river .	they are a cab . a wresting	1
person fishing in river .	they are riding into .	1
person fishing in river .	they are eating a protest .	1
person fishing in river .	they are on a classmates . a	1
person fishing in river .	they are riding a pole .	1
person fishing in river .	they are eating a hulk .	1
person fishing in river .	they are riding busy .	1
person fishing in river .	they are riding a pole .	1
person fishing in river .	they have a blindfolded pole .	1
person fishing in river .	they are sold easter .	1
person fishing in river .	they are on a meat .	1
a big dog catches a ball on his nose	a dog is playing with his owner .	1
a big dog catches a ball on his nose	a dog is playing with his owner	1
a big dog catches a ball on his nose	a dog is playing with his owner	1
a big dog catches a ball on his nose	a dog is playing with his owner .	1
a big dog catches a ball on his nose	a dog is playing with his owner .	1
a big dog catches a ball on his nose	a dog is playing with his owner .	1
a big dog catches a ball on his nose	a dog is playing with his owner	1
a big dog catches a ball on his nose	a dog is playing with his owner .	1
a big dog catches a ball on his nose	a dog is playing with his owner .	1
a big dog catches a ball on his nose	a dog is swimming with his owner	1
a big dog catches a ball on his nose	a dog is playing with his owner .	1
a big dog catches a ball on his nose	a dog is playing with his owner	1
a big dog catches a ball on his nose	a dog is playing with his owner .	1
a big dog catches a ball on his nose	a dog is playing with his owner .	1
a big dog catches a ball on his nose	a dog is playing with his owner .	1
a big dog catches a ball on his nose	a dog is playing with his owner	1
a big dog catches a ball on his nose	a dog is playing with his owner	1
a big dog catches a ball on his nose	a dog is playing with his owner	1
a big dog catches a ball on his nose	a dog is playing with his owner	1
a big dog catches a ball on his nose	a dog is playing with his owner	1
a big dog catches a ball on his nose	a dog is playing with his owner .	1
a big dog catches a ball on his nose	a dog is playing with his owner .	1
a big dog catches a ball on his nose	a dog is playing with his owner	1
a big dog catches a ball on his nose	a dog is playing with his owner	1
a big dog catches a ball on his nose	a dog is playing with his owner .	1
a big dog catches a ball on his nose	a dog is playing with his owner .	1
a big dog catches a ball on his nose	a dog is playing with his owner .	1
a big dog catches a ball on his nose	a dog is playing with his owner .	1
a big dog catches a ball on his nose	a dog is playing with his owner .	1
a big dog catches a ball on his nose	a dog is swimming with his owner	1
a big dog catches a ball on his nose	a dog is playing with his owner .	1
a big dog catches a ball on his nose	a dog is playing with his owner .	1
a big dog catches a ball on his nose	a dog is playing with his owner .	1
a big dog catches a ball on his nose	a dog is playing with his owner .	1
a big dog catches a ball on his nose	a dog is watching with his owner	1
a big dog catches a ball on his nose	a dog is playing with his owner .	1
a big dog catches a ball on his nose	a dog is playing with his owner	1
a big dog catches a ball on his nose	a dog is watching rocks his owner	1
a big dog catches a ball on his nose	a dog is playing with his owner .	1
a big dog catches a ball on his nose	a dog is watching with his owner .	1
a big dog catches a ball on his nose	a puppy bird on the balcony slide .	2
a big dog catches a ball on his nose	a puppy <oov> is on the ground .	2
a big dog catches a ball on his nose	a puppy <oov> is on the ground .	2
a big dog catches a ball on his nose	a puppy backpack on the ground inside .	2
a big dog catches a ball on his nose	a puppy is stirring on the ground .	2
a big dog catches a ball on his nose	a puppy set is on the ground .	2
a big dog catches a ball on his nose	a boy is running on the ground .	2
a big dog catches a ball on his nose	a puppy set is on the ground .	2
a big dog catches a ball on his nose	a puppy bathe on the board floor .	2
a big dog catches a ball on his nose	a boy helped on the bands plates .	2
a big dog catches a ball on his nose	a puppy pours on a log ground .	2
a big dog catches a ball on his nose	a puppy is on the board ground .	2
a big dog catches a ball on his nose	a puppy boy is on the ground .	2
a big dog catches a ball on his nose	a puppy is rolling on the ground .	2
a big dog catches a ball on his nose	a puppy is rolling on the ground .	2
a big dog catches a ball on his nose	a puppy sled is on the ground .	2
a big dog catches a ball on his nose	a wrestler boy is on the ground .	2
a big dog catches a ball on his nose	a puppy is stirring on the ground .	2
a big dog catches a ball on his nose	a puppy is running on the ground .	2
a big dog catches a ball on his nose	a boy is running on the ground .	2
a big dog catches a ball on his nose	a puppy shoot is on the ground .	2
a big dog catches a ball on his nose	a boy is running on the ground .	2
a big dog catches a ball on his nose	a puppy is stirring on the ground .	2
a big dog catches a ball on his nose	a boy is running on the ground .	2
a big dog catches a ball on his nose	a puppy set is on the ground .	2
a big dog catches a ball on his nose	a puppy is rolling on the ground .	2
a big dog catches a ball on his nose	a puppy head is on the ground .	2
a big dog catches a ball on his nose	a puppy set is on the ground .	2
a big dog catches a ball on his nose	a puppy crouches on the post ground .	2
a big dog catches a ball on his nose	a puppy bird is on the ground .	2
a big dog catches a ball on his nose	a boy is running on the ground .	2
a big dog catches a ball on his nose	a puppy motorbike is on the ground .	2
a big dog catches a ball on his nose	a guy eats is on the freeway .	2
a big dog catches a ball on his nose	a puppy head is on the ground .	2
a big dog catches a ball on his nose	a boy is running on the ground .	2
a big dog catches a ball on his nose	a puppy man is on the ground .	2
a big dog catches a ball on his nose	a boy is running on the ground .	2
a big dog catches a ball on his nose	a boy is running on the ground .	2
a big dog catches a ball on his nose	a boy running on is grilling steaks	2
a big dog catches a ball on his nose	a pink boy is on the ground .	2
a girl bounces in a bounce house .	a girl is experimenting around .	0
a girl bounces in a bounce house .	a woman is captured around . .	0
a girl bounces in a bounce house .	a girl is bathe around . .	0
a girl bounces in a bounce house .	a woman is babysitting around . .	0
a girl bounces in a bounce house .	a woman is molding around . .	0
a girl bounces in a bounce house .	a woman is babysitting around . . .	0
a girl bounces in a bounce house .	a woman is captured around . .	0
a girl bounces in a bounce house .	a group is wet warm . outside .	0
a girl bounces in a bounce house .	a girl is disappointed around . .	0
a girl bounces in a bounce house .	a girl is gutting around . , sign	0
a girl bounces in a bounce house .	a girl is sticking around . .	0
a girl bounces in a bounce house .	a group is preparing fisherman . boy	0
a girl bounces in a bounce house .	a woman is tomatoes around . stopped church	0
a football layer wearing a red shirt .	a cowboy of indoor enjoy .	0
a football layer wearing a red shirt .	a cowboy of several clouds .	0
a football layer wearing a red shirt .	a cowboy answer erupting .	0
a football layer wearing a red shirt .	a red consuming welcoming lenses .	0
a football layer wearing a red shirt .	a cowboy of electric . a	0
a football layer wearing a red shirt .	a cowboy picked poking .	0
a football layer wearing a red shirt .	a cowboy of spiderman inactive .	0
a football layer wearing a red shirt .	a cowboy of professional camels . to	0
a football layer wearing a red shirt .	a metal of police officers .	0
a football layer wearing a red shirt .	a corgi sailing drips milk .	0
a football layer wearing a red shirt .	a muscian spaniel sweeper .	0
a football layer wearing a red shirt .	a cowboy of cheese . group boys	0
a football layer wearing a red shirt .	a spray pushes forward .	0
a football layer wearing a red shirt .	a stock barricade unsafe .	0
a football layer wearing a red shirt .	a cowboy adjusts goods .	0
a football layer wearing a red shirt .	a cowboy running blade .	0
a football layer wearing a red shirt .	a cowboy of rome . call a	0
a football layer wearing a red shirt .	a cowboy of villagers fleeing . a	0
a football layer wearing a red shirt .	a turban cowboy kitchen .	0
a football layer wearing a red shirt .	a cowboy of cheese . a snowball	0
a football layer wearing a red shirt .	a cowboy views everest . a	0
a small girl with braids blowing bubbles .	a young child seeing tattoo for .	1
a small girl with braids blowing bubbles .	a young child making some boxing outside .	1
a small girl with braids blowing bubbles .	a young child posing grilling pleasant outside .	1
a small girl with braids blowing bubbles .	a young girl enjoys posing new dogs . .	1
a small girl with braids blowing bubbles .	a young girl enjoys open flame .	1
a small girl with braids blowing bubbles .	a young child making some train outside .	1
a small girl with braids blowing bubbles .	a young girl enjoys hangs peace outside .	1
a small girl with braids blowing bubbles .	a young child saved preparing for sea .	1
a small girl with braids blowing bubbles .	a young child making some sauce tricks .	1
a small girl with braids blowing bubbles .	a young child ready for cocktails .	1
a small girl with braids blowing bubbles .	a young child making some real and cue	1
a small girl with braids blowing bubbles .	a young girl enjoys fresh customers .	1
a small girl with braids blowing bubbles .	a young child enjoys open away .	1
a small girl with braids blowing bubbles .	a young girl pulls ceo for it .	1
a small girl with braids blowing bubbles .	a young child making some granite outside .	1
a small girl with braids blowing bubbles .	a young girl pulls for sales grid .	1
a small girl with braids blowing bubbles .	a young girl enjoys fresh and talk .	1
a small girl with braids blowing bubbles .	a young skateboarder doing for inspired cocktails .	1
a small girl with braids blowing bubbles .	young girl picking some items for school .	1
a small girl with braids blowing bubbles .	a young child enjoys fresh cuba drinks .	1
a small girl with braids blowing bubbles .	a young girl enjoys open flame .	1
a small girl with braids blowing bubbles .	a young girl enjoys siting jumping .	1
a small girl with braids blowing bubbles .	a young friends preparing for activities .	1
a small girl with braids blowing bubbles .	a young girl enjoys bikini ballet .	1
a small girl with braids blowing bubbles .	a young gentleman plays with his notes .	2
a small girl with braids blowing bubbles .	a young gentleman plays with his unicycle .	2
a small girl with braids blowing bubbles .	a young boy plays with his .	2
a small girl with braids blowing bubbles .	a young gentleman plays with his strength .	2
a small girl with braids blowing bubbles .	a young boy plays with his crocodile .	2
a small girl with braids blowing bubbles .	a young orient plays with his extended .	2
a small girl with braids blowing bubbles .	a young boy plays with his fingers .	2
a small girl with braids blowing bubbles .	a young gentleman plays with his trombone .	2
a small girl with braids blowing bubbles .	the young man with his lottery unicycle .	2
a small girl with braids blowing bubbles .	a young gentleman serves with his fingers .	2
a small girl with braids blowing bubbles .	a young gentleman plays with his beards .	2
a small girl with braids blowing bubbles .	a young lobster with his hardwood .	2
a small girl with braids blowing bubbles .	a young tired was with his fingers .	2
a small girl with braids blowing bubbles .	a young gentleman plays with his opponent .	2
a small girl with braids blowing bubbles .	a young boy plays with his fingers .	2
a small girl with braids blowing bubbles .	a young boy plays with his fingers .	2
a small girl with braids blowing bubbles .	a young boy plays with his opponent .	2
a small girl with braids blowing bubbles .	a young gentleman plays with his colleagues .	2
a small girl with braids blowing bubbles .	a young gentleman plays with his halo .	2
a small girl with braids blowing bubbles .	a young boy plays with his pin .	2
a small girl with braids blowing bubbles .	a young gentleman plays with his condition .	2
a small girl with braids blowing bubbles .	a young boy was with his fingers .	2
a small girl with braids blowing bubbles .	a young gentleman plays with his fingers .	2
a small girl with braids blowing bubbles .	a young gentleman plays with his yo-yo .	2
a small girl with braids blowing bubbles .	a young nun plays with his opponent .	2
a small girl with braids blowing bubbles .	a young criminal was with his fingers .	2
a small girl with braids blowing bubbles .	a young person cowboy with his fingers .	2
a small girl with braids blowing bubbles .	a young gentleman plays with his mule .	2
a small girl with braids blowing bubbles .	a young boy plays with his trombone .	2
a small girl with braids blowing bubbles .	a young gentleman plays with his nevada .	2
a small girl with braids blowing bubbles .	a young carnival with his headache .	2
a small girl with braids blowing bubbles .	the person is brightly tank .	0
a small girl with braids blowing bubbles .	a person is stabbing red . to	0
a small girl with braids blowing bubbles .	a person is entertaining herself . <oov> truck	0
a small girl with braids blowing bubbles .	a person is entertaining .	0
a small girl with braids blowing bubbles .	a person is underwater sleeping .	0
a small girl with braids blowing bubbles .	the person is entertaining light . is	0
a small girl with braids blowing bubbles .	a person is entertaining herself . lizard `	0
a small girl with braids blowing bubbles .	a person is entertaining herself . bill ,	0
a small girl with braids blowing bubbles .	the person is descending tank .	0
a small girl with braids blowing bubbles .	a person is entertaining bars . man	0
a small girl with braids blowing bubbles .	a person is entertaining sleeping .	0
a small girl with braids blowing bubbles .	a person is entertaining herself . <oov>	0
a small girl with braids blowing bubbles .	a person is book sleeping .	0
a small girl with braids blowing bubbles .	a person is underwater sleeping .	0
a small girl with braids blowing bubbles .	a person is entertaining oak . a	0
a small girl with braids blowing bubbles .	a person is entertaining herself . because businessmen	0
a man speaking with two women .	there are three people talking .	0
a man speaking with two women .	there are three people onstage .	0
an older woman is holding a small child .	a woman holding a child	0
an older woman is holding a small child .	a woman holding a child	0
an older woman is holding a small child .	a woman holding a child	0
an older woman is holding a small child .	a woman holding a child	0
an older woman is holding a small child .	a woman holding a child	0
an older woman is holding a small child .	a man holding a shirt baby	2
an older woman is holding a small child .	a man holding a barren baby	2
an older woman is holding a small child .	a man holding a baby cash	2
an older woman is holding a small child .	a man holding a shirt baby	2
an older woman is holding a small child .	a man holding a burger	2
an older woman is holding a small child .	a man holding a shirt baby	2
an older woman is holding a small child .	a man holding a lab baby	2
an older woman is holding a small child .	a man holding a lab baby .	2
an older woman is holding a small child .	a man holding a chemical tire	2
an older woman is holding a small child .	a man holding a shirt baby	2
an older woman is holding a small child .	a man holding a lock shirt	2
an older woman is holding a small child .	a man holding a shirt baby	2
an older woman is holding a small child .	a man holding a bearded robot	2
an older woman is holding a small child .	a man holding a shirt horse	2
an older woman is holding a small child .	a man holding a shirt baby	2
an older woman is holding a small child .	a man holding a sack beverages	2
an older woman is holding a small child .	a man holding a shirt far	2
an older woman is holding a small child .	a man holding a lab baby	2
a woman with red-hair <oov> some papers	the woman is working on spandex team .	0
a woman with red-hair <oov> some papers	the woman is working on firing .	0
a woman with red-hair <oov> some papers	the woman is working on gin pineapples .	0
a woman with red-hair <oov> some papers	the woman is working on spandex team .	0
a woman with red-hair <oov> some papers	the woman is working on crowns . /	0
a woman with red-hair <oov> some papers	the woman is working on county .	0
a woman with red-hair <oov> some papers	the woman is working on spandex team .	0
a woman with red-hair <oov> some papers	the woman is working on facebook .	0
a woman with red-hair <oov> some papers	the woman is working on pluto .	0
a woman with red-hair <oov> some papers	the woman is working on spandex mission .	0
a woman with red-hair <oov> some papers	the woman is working on braided team .	0
a woman with red-hair <oov> some papers	the woman is working on firing .	0
a woman with red-hair <oov> some papers	the woman is working on hatless .	0
a woman with red-hair <oov> some papers	the woman is working on firing shore .	0
a woman with red-hair <oov> some papers	the woman is working on spandex team .	0
a woman with red-hair <oov> some papers	the woman is working on firing mission .	0
a woman with red-hair <oov> some papers	the woman is working on everything .	0
a woman with red-hair <oov> some papers	the woman is working on possessions sitting .	0
a woman with red-hair <oov> some papers	the woman is working on firing shore .	0
a woman with red-hair <oov> some papers	the woman is working on cabinet sitting .	0
a woman with red-hair <oov> some papers	the woman is working on spandex medication .	0
a woman with red-hair <oov> some papers	the woman is working on freshly .	0
a woman with red-hair <oov> some papers	the woman is working on spandex sitting .	0
a woman with red-hair <oov> some papers	the woman is working on violins .	0
a woman with red-hair <oov> some papers	the woman is working on gin fruit .	0
a woman with red-hair <oov> some papers	the woman is working on cry .	0
a woman with red-hair <oov> some papers	the woman is working on firing .	0
a woman with red-hair <oov> some papers	the woman is working on cellar lake .	0
a woman with red-hair <oov> some papers	the woman is working on else .	0
a man is repairing roof shingles .	a mand is mopping the sears .	0
a man is repairing roof shingles .	a guy is scuba the frozen .	0
a man is repairing roof shingles .	a receptionist is pointed the teammate .	0
a man is repairing roof shingles .	a guy is fixing the roof .	0
a man is repairing roof shingles .	a guy is fixing the packages .	0
two racers race on motorcycles .	two people are gathered in a tournament area .	1
two racers race on motorcycles .	two people are glad a bike <oov> resting	1
two racers race on motorcycles .	two people are gathered in a roadside area .	1
two racers race on motorcycles .	two people are gathered in a tournament area	1
two racers race on motorcycles .	two people are partying a white <oov> game .	1
two racers race on motorcycles .	two people are gathered in a physical area	1
two racers race on motorcycles .	two people are going with a black dog .	1
two racers race on motorcycles .	two people are battling in a unattended area .	1
two racers race on motorcycles .	two people are rebuilding a bike <oov> trophy	1
two racers race on motorcycles .	two people are gathered in a tournament area .	1
two racers race on motorcycles .	two people are gathered in a tournament .	1
two racers race on motorcycles .	two people are allergic in a gymnasium balcony .	1
two racers race on motorcycles .	two people are employed in a tournament .	1
two racers race on motorcycles .	two people are employed a bike dollars .	1
two racers race on motorcycles .	two people are judging a woman is watch .	1
two racers race on motorcycles .	two people are struggling a bike <oov> pose .	1
two racers race on motorcycles .	two people are on a bike <oov> wood .	1
two racers race on motorcycles .	two people are gathered in a punching area	1
two racers race on motorcycles .	two people are gathered to a young pool .	1
two racers race on motorcycles .	two people are gathered in a tournament area	1
two racers race on motorcycles .	two people are racing a bike <oov> wood .	1
two racers race on motorcycles .	two people are flipping a woman is fighting .	1
two racers race on motorcycles .	two people are gathered in a tournament area .	1
two racers race on motorcycles .	two people are gathered a bike business picture .	1
two racers race on motorcycles .	two people are leaning in a black dog	1
two racers race on motorcycles .	two people are struggling in a black area .	1
two racers race on motorcycles .	two people are gathered in a tournament area .	1
two racers race on motorcycles .	two people are tossed a next goose .	1
two racers race on motorcycles .	the people are racing .	0
two young girls looking very concerned .	they are focused coffee at reception .	2
two young girls looking very concerned .	they are racing ready to catch .	2
two young girls looking very concerned .	they are giggling coffee to catch outside .	2
two young girls looking very concerned .	they are focused parks at end .	2
two young girls looking very concerned .	they are dumps escalators flags to swim . .	2
two young girls looking very concerned .	they are twirling coffee for to use .	2
two young girls looking very concerned .	they are giggling upon to catch fruit .	2
two young girls looking very concerned .	they are giggling hiked to catch .	2
two young girls looking very concerned .	they are pushups water to safe .	2
two young girls looking very concerned .	they are playing before to catch object .	2
two young girls looking very concerned .	they are n't fix in rags . and	2
two young girls looking very concerned .	they are smoothies off to kill .	2
two young girls looking very concerned .	they are giggling employees at a presidential .	2
two young girls looking very concerned .	they are vacations coffee to create .	2
two young girls looking very concerned .	they are n't paying attention to .	2
two young girls looking very concerned .	they are n't taxi at preparing .	2
two young girls looking very concerned .	a man vacuums peaks off to work .	2
two young girls looking very concerned .	they are waiting coffee to catch object .	2
two young girls looking very concerned .	they are n't coffee for halloween .	2
two young girls looking very concerned .	they are arresting hanging at preparing .	2
two young girls looking very concerned .	they are n't paying attention to land .	2
two young girls looking very concerned .	they are competitive eaten at a ranch .	2
two young girls looking very concerned .	they are n't fix having thing .	2
two young girls looking very concerned .	they are giggling dive to catch outside .	2
two young girls looking very concerned .	they are focused coffee to catch .	2
two young girls looking very concerned .	they are n't fix january and burned .	2
two young girls looking very concerned .	they are giggling frolicking for the lecture .	2
two young girls looking very concerned .	they are hungry inside in sipping .	2
two young girls looking very concerned .	they are n't paying attention to .	2
two young girls looking very concerned .	they are focused security at opera .	2
two young girls looking very concerned .	they are racing around at a lab .	2
two young girls looking very concerned .	road typing their <oov> race .	0
two young girls looking very concerned .	their teach machinery <oov> towels .	0
two young girls looking very concerned .	their faces shoveled <oov> on ground .	0
two young girls looking very concerned .	their personnel <oov> kill free .	0
two young girls looking very concerned .	their colors <oov> mind their plates .	0
two young girls looking very concerned .	their splashed two <oov> movement .	0
two young girls looking very concerned .	african kids walk <oov> on .	0
two young girls looking very concerned .	their personnel mustached <oov> flying .	0
two young girls looking very concerned .	balloon run some <oov> bagpipes .	0
two young girls looking very concerned .	their priests paddles <oov> prom .	0
two young girls looking very concerned .	their bruins <oov> escaping their closed . <oov>	0
two young girls looking very concerned .	their test <oov> riders fishing .	0
two young girls looking very concerned .	their grandparents retriever <oov> pompoms .	0
two young girls looking very concerned .	their husbands granddaughter <oov> harnesses .	0
two young girls looking very concerned .	their adolescent ordered <oov> associated .	0
two young girls looking very concerned .	their filing rolls <oov> free .	0
two young girls looking very concerned .	their adolescent operator <oov> over .	0
two young girls looking very concerned .	their boxer <oov> lovingly their husbands .	0
two young girls looking very concerned .	their risk spilled <oov> command .	0
two young girls looking very concerned .	their warms <oov> arranges on quality .	0
two young girls looking very concerned .	their pay cat in cosmetics .	0
two young girls looking very concerned .	their stolen peruse <oov> on during ?	0
two young girls looking very concerned .	their team salt <oov> beams . a	0
two young girls looking very concerned .	their goatee <oov> into indoors .	0
a young girl with her bike .	there is a woman sleeping on her house .	2
a young girl with her bike .	there is a woman sleeping on her house .	2
a girl is blowing a huge bubble .	a woman is <oov> air . <oov>	0
a girl is blowing a huge bubble .	a woman is doing tricks .	0
a girl is blowing a huge bubble .	a woman is doing tricks . boy	0
a girl is blowing a huge bubble .	a woman is engaging . a	0
a girl is blowing a huge bubble .	a woman is <oov> cleaning .	0
a girl is blowing a huge bubble .	a woman is <oov> air . a	0
a girl is blowing a huge bubble .	a woman is <oov> air . a	0
a girl is blowing a huge bubble .	a woman is <oov> very .	0
a girl is blowing a huge bubble .	a woman is <oov> air . a	0
a girl is blowing a huge bubble .	a woman is carts . outside	0
a girl is blowing a huge bubble .	a woman is doing tricks . up	0
a girl is blowing a huge bubble .	a woman is doing tricks . some	0
a girl is blowing a huge bubble .	a woman is <oov> school .	0
a girl is blowing a huge bubble .	a woman is doing tricks .	0
a girl is blowing a huge bubble .	a woman is doing road .	0
a girl is blowing a huge bubble .	a woman is <oov> air . a	0
a girl is blowing a huge bubble .	a woman is doing tricks . to	0
a girl is blowing a huge bubble .	a woman is <oov> air . a	0
a girl is blowing a huge bubble .	a woman is <oov> cleaning .	0
a girl is blowing a huge bubble .	a woman is <oov> cleaning .	0
a girl is blowing a huge bubble .	a woman is <oov> cleaning .	0
a girl is blowing a huge bubble .	a woman is doing tall . a	0
a girl is blowing a huge bubble .	a woman is <oov> air . <oov>	0
a girl is blowing a huge bubble .	a woman is doing tricks . 's	0
a girl is blowing a huge bubble .	a woman is doing tricks .	0
a girl is blowing a huge bubble .	a is <oov> a mascot . a	0
a girl is blowing a huge bubble .	a woman is <oov> air . to	0
a girl is blowing a huge bubble .	a man is <oov> cleaning .	0
a girl is blowing a huge bubble .	a woman is doing tricks . <oov>	0
a girl is blowing a huge bubble .	a woman is <oov> air . a	0
a girl is blowing a huge bubble .	a woman is doing road . is	0
a girl is blowing a huge bubble .	a woman is <oov> lazily .	0
a girl is blowing a huge bubble .	a woman is <oov> outdoors .	0
a girl is blowing a huge bubble .	a woman is <oov> masquerade .	0
a girl is blowing a huge bubble .	a woman is <oov> groups . the	0
a girl is blowing a huge bubble .	a woman is doing tricks . watching	0
a girl is blowing a huge bubble .	a woman is doing tricks . across	0
a girl is blowing a huge bubble .	a woman is <oov> cleaning .	0
a small child is giving heavy metal signs	a child crashes crossing this . a	2
a small child is giving heavy metal signs	a child having colorful baked .	2
a small child is giving heavy metal signs	a child signing this yellow . ingredients	2
a small child is giving heavy metal signs	a child shines little navy .	2
a small child is giving heavy metal signs	a child structure little adult .	2
a small child is giving heavy metal signs	a child cozy by reflective . to	2
a small child is giving heavy metal signs	a child kicks by police . is	2
a small child is giving heavy metal signs	a child climbed this yellow . is	2
a small child is giving heavy metal signs	a child angrily by sports .	2
a small child is giving heavy metal signs	a child grasping little grass .	2
a small child is giving heavy metal signs	a child cutting meat to daughters .	2
a small child is giving heavy metal signs	a child signing intricate later .	2
a small child is giving heavy metal signs	a child plows little dc . a	2
a small child is giving heavy metal signs	a child cutting meat to ferrari .	2
a young boy is hugging a wooden post .	a tall girl cleans a collie .	0
a young boy is hugging a wooden post .	a boy holds onto a hat .	0
a young boy is hugging a wooden post .	a tall girl work a post .	0
a young boy is hugging a wooden post .	a <oov> casts off a lot .	0
a young boy is hugging a wooden post .	a boy holds onto a post . product	0
a young boy is hugging a wooden post .	a boy adjusting ketchup knit war . 's	0
a young boy is hugging a wooden post .	a tall girl cleans a parallel child .	0
a young boy is hugging a wooden post .	a <oov> manager completing black midair . a	0
a young boy is hugging a wooden post .	a tall girl drives a post .	0
a young boy is hugging a wooden post .	a boy holds thanksgiving a wooden spoon .	0
a young boy is hugging a wooden post .	a boy holds onto a hat card .	0
a shirtless man with his fishing boat .	the man does n't like his fishing disgust	2
a shirtless man with his fishing boat .	the man does n't like his fishing boat .	2
a shirtless man with his fishing boat .	the man does n't like his objects walls .	2
a shirtless man with his fishing boat .	the man does n't bulbs city in prayer	2
a shirtless man with his fishing boat .	the man does n't always on his cart .	2
a shirtless man with his fishing boat .	the man does n't relax their favorite weapon .	2
a shirtless man with his fishing boat .	the man does one putting their blows minivan	2
a shirtless man with his fishing boat .	the man does n't like his fishing microphone .	2
a shirtless man with his fishing boat .	the man does n't like his fishing rod	2
a shirtless man with his fishing boat .	the man does n't like his cars boat .	2
a shirtless man with his fishing boat .	the man does n't sites outside during gypsy .	2
a shirtless man with his fishing boat .	the man does n't rest in his boat .	2
a shirtless man with his fishing boat .	the man does n't like his cars dancers .	2
a shirtless man with his fishing boat .	the man does n't chatting their favorite book	2
a shirtless man with his fishing boat .	the man does n't like his fishing invasion .	2
a shirtless man with his fishing boat .	the man does n't wait their grandparents by peek-a-boo	2
a shirtless man with his fishing boat .	a man is with his boat .	0
a shirtless man with his fishing boat .	a man is with his boat .	0
a shirtless man with his fishing boat .	a man is with his boat .	0
a shirtless man with his fishing boat .	a man is with his boat .	0
a shirtless man with his fishing boat .	a man is with his boat .	0
a shirtless man with his fishing boat .	a man is with his boat .	0
a shirtless man with his fishing boat .	a man is with his backpack .	0
a woman sitting in an office .	a woman is a mud	0
a woman sitting in an office .	a woman is a plant flag	0
a woman sitting in an office .	a woman in a bedroom colorful .	0
a woman sitting in an office .	a woman in a manager juggles	0
a woman sitting in an office .	a woman in a office	0
a woman sitting in an office .	a woman in a office	0
a woman sitting in an office .	a woman in a bedroom	0
a woman sitting in an office .	a woman in a bedroom wild downtown	0
a woman sitting in an office .	a woman in a office	0
a woman sitting in an office .	a woman in a bedroom office	0
a woman sitting in an office .	a woman in a seafood board	0
a woman sitting in an office .	a woman in a bedroom unable	0
a woman sitting in an office .	a woman in a bedroom	0
a woman sitting in an office .	a woman in a office	0
a woman sitting in an office .	a woman in a office	0
a woman sitting in an office .	a woman in a bedroom studio	0
a woman sitting in an office .	a woman in a office	0
a woman sitting in an office .	a woman in a bedroom downtown	0
a woman sitting in an office .	a woman in a office	0
a woman sitting in an office .	a woman in a bedroom van	0
a woman sitting in an office .	a woman in a bedroom	0
a woman sitting in an office .	a woman in a office	0
a woman sitting in an office .	a woman is a plant office	0
a woman sitting in an office .	a woman in a bedroom	0
a woman sitting in an office .	a woman in a bedroom hill	0
a woman sitting in an office .	a woman in a office	0
a woman sitting in an office .	a woman in a bedroom quartet	0
two dogs are playing together .	two dogs are chasing 15 .	1
two dogs are playing together .	two <oov> are chasing tango . to	1
two dogs are playing together .	two dogs are chasing other overpass .	1
two dogs are playing together .	two dogs are chasing tennis ball .	1
two dogs are playing together .	two <oov> are chasing tennis teams .	1
two dogs are playing together .	two <oov> are chasing tennis ball .	1
two dogs are playing together .	two <oov> are chasing tennis ball .	1
two dogs are playing together .	two <oov> are chasing tennis ball .	1
two dogs are playing together .	two <oov> are chasing tennis .	1
two dogs are playing together .	two dogs are chasing eachother .	1
two dogs are playing together .	two <oov> are chasing tennis ball .	1
two dogs are playing together .	two <oov> are chasing tennis .	1
two dogs are playing together .	two <oov> are chasing tennis teams .	1
two dogs are playing together .	two <oov> are chasing 3 phones .	1
two dogs are playing together .	two <oov> are chasing crab .	1
two dogs are playing together .	two <oov> are chasing tennis ball . glory	1
two dogs are playing together .	two <oov> are chasing tennis ball .	1
two dogs are playing together .	two <oov> are chasing flu .	1
two dogs are playing together .	two <oov> are chasing tennis ball .	1
two dogs are playing together .	two dogs are chasing other fans .	1
two dogs are playing together .	two dogs are chasing eachother .	1
two dogs are playing together .	two dogs are chasing rabbits other .	1
two dogs are playing together .	two <oov> are chasing tennis teams .	1
two dogs are playing together .	two <oov> are chasing tennis ball .	1
two dogs are playing together .	two <oov> are chasing extra working .	1
two dogs are playing together .	two <oov> are chasing other areas .	1
two dogs are playing together .	two <oov> are chasing tennis ball .	1
two dogs are playing together .	two <oov> are chasing tennis ball .	1
two dogs are playing together .	two friends are eating .	2
a person sweeping stairs in a park .	a dog races karaoke .	2
a person sweeping stairs in a park .	a dog races thinking .	2
a person sweeping stairs in a park .	a dog races nails .	2
a person sweeping stairs in a park .	a dog messed puppies .	2
a person sweeping stairs in a park .	a dog races wondering .	2
a person sweeping stairs in a park .	a dog singing loudly .	2
a person sweeping stairs in a park .	a person is .	0
a person sweeping stairs in a park .	a person is .	0
a person sweeping stairs in a park .	a person outside .	0
a person sweeping stairs in a park .	a person is .	0
a person sweeping stairs in a park .	a person is .	0
a person sweeping stairs in a park .	a person is .	0
a person sweeping stairs in a park .	a person is .	0
a person sweeping stairs in a park .	a person is .	0
a person sweeping stairs in a park .	a person outside .	0
a person sweeping stairs in a park .	a person is .	0
a person sweeping stairs in a park .	a person outside .	0
a person sweeping stairs in a park .	a person outside .	0
a person sweeping stairs in a park .	a person is .	0
a person sweeping stairs in a park .	a person is .	0
a person sweeping stairs in a park .	a person outside .	0
a person sweeping stairs in a park .	a person is .	0
a person sweeping stairs in a park .	a person outside .	0
a person sweeping stairs in a park .	a person is .	0
a person sweeping stairs in a park .	a person is .	0
a person sweeping stairs in a park .	a person is .	0
a person sweeping stairs in a park .	a person is .	0
a person sweeping stairs in a park .	a person is .	0
a person sweeping stairs in a park .	a person is .	0
a person sweeping stairs in a park .	a person is .	0
a person sweeping stairs in a park .	a person is .	0
a person sweeping stairs in a park .	a person is .	0
a person sweeping stairs in a park .	a person is .	0
a person sweeping stairs in a park .	a person is .	0
a person sweeping stairs in a park .	a person outside .	0
a person sweeping stairs in a park .	a person is batting .	0
a person sweeping stairs in a park .	a person is .	0
a person sweeping stairs in a park .	a person outside .	0
a person sweeping stairs in a park .	a person is .	0
a person sweeping stairs in a park .	a person outside .	0
a person sweeping stairs in a park .	a person outside .	0
a person sweeping stairs in a park .	a person outside .	0
a person sweeping stairs in a park .	a person is .	0
a person sweeping stairs in a park .	a person outside .	0
a person sweeping stairs in a park .	a person outside .	0
a person sweeping stairs in a park .	a person is .	0
a young woman stands by a barbecue .	the young woman is asleep in scrubs .	2
a young woman stands by a barbecue .	the young woman is asleep in lab .	2
a young couple holding hands in the park .	a couple are at the la tulips .	0
a young couple holding hands in the park .	a couple are at the pink fair .	0
a young couple holding hands in the park .	a couple are at the pink fair .	0
a young couple holding hands in the park .	a couple are at the park fought .	0
a young couple holding hands in the park .	a couple are at the pink fair .	0
a young couple holding hands in the park .	a couple are at the pink fair .	0
a young couple holding hands in the park .	a couple are at the park markets .	0
a young couple holding hands in the park .	a couple are at the pink fair .	0
a young couple holding hands in the park .	a couple are at the pink fair .	0
a young couple holding hands in the park .	a couple are at the pink fair .	0
a young couple holding hands in the park .	a couple are at the pink fair .	0
a young couple holding hands in the park .	a couple are at the park ally .	0
a young couple holding hands in the park .	a couple are at the pink fair .	0
a young couple holding hands in the park .	a couple are at the pink fair .	0
a young couple holding hands in the park .	a couple are at the pink fair .	0
a young couple holding hands in the park .	a couple are at the spanish fair .	0
a young couple holding hands in the park .	a couple are at the pink fair .	0
a young couple holding hands in the park .	a couple are at the pink fair .	0
a young couple holding hands in the park .	a couple are at the pink fair .	0
a young couple holding hands in the park .	a couple are at the pink fair .	0
a young couple holding hands in the park .	a couple are at the pink fair .	0
a young couple holding hands in the park .	a couple are at the pink fair .	0
a young couple holding hands in the park .	a couple are at the pink fair .	0
a young couple holding hands in the park .	a couple are at the pink fair .	0
a young couple holding hands in the park .	a couple are at the pink fair .	0
a young couple holding hands in the park .	a couple are at the pink fair .	0
a young couple holding hands in the park .	a couple are at the pink fair .	0
a young couple holding hands in the park .	a couple are at the pink fair .	0
a young couple holding hands in the park .	a couple are at the pink fair .	0
a young couple holding hands in the park .	a couple are at the pink fair .	0
a young couple holding hands in the park .	a couple are at the spanish friday .	0
a young couple holding hands in the park .	a couple are at the pink fair .	0
a young couple holding hands in the park .	a couple are at the pink fair .	0
a young couple holding hands in the park .	a couple are at the pink fair .	0
a young couple holding hands in the park .	a couple are at the pink fair .	0
a young couple holding hands in the park .	a couple are at the screen cuddles .	0
a young couple holding hands in the park .	a couple are at the pink fair .	0
a young couple holding hands in the park .	two people are ballroom dancing .	2
a young couple holding hands in the park .	there are wearing knee uniforms .	2
a young couple holding hands in the park .	there are wearing goth screaming . a	2
a young couple holding hands in the park .	there are wearing fall dancing . <oov> police	2
a young couple holding hands in the park .	there are men wearing shirts .	2
a young couple holding hands in the park .	there are men wearing tuxedos . <oov>	2
a young couple holding hands in the park .	two people are wearing matching .	2
a young couple holding hands in the park .	there are men wearing matching . hoping	2
a young couple holding hands in the park .	there are men chop dancing . <oov>	2
construction worker standing atop an unfinished building .	the construction is worked of sidewalk . `	0
construction worker standing atop an unfinished building .	the construction is child standing . `	0
construction worker standing atop an unfinished building .	the construction is about the standing .	0
construction worker standing atop an unfinished building .	the construction is about many standing .	0
construction worker standing atop an unfinished building .	the construction is giving the standing .	0
construction worker standing atop an unfinished building .	the construction is about with balloon .	0
construction worker standing atop an unfinished building .	the construction is tightly standing .	0
construction worker standing atop an unfinished building .	the construction is worked of sidewalk . people	0
construction worker standing atop an unfinished building .	the construction is about experienced . and	0
construction worker standing atop an unfinished building .	the construction is about electrical . `	0
construction worker standing atop an unfinished building .	the construction is beside the standing .	0
construction worker standing atop an unfinished building .	the construction is about the standing .	0
construction worker standing atop an unfinished building .	the construction is about learning standing .	0
construction worker standing atop an unfinished building .	the construction is hanging tony .	0
construction worker standing atop an unfinished building .	the construction is about with balloon .	0
construction worker standing atop an unfinished building .	the construction is expressing solid .	0
construction worker standing atop an unfinished building .	the construction is has cold . `	0
construction worker standing atop an unfinished building .	the construction is about center . their	0
construction worker standing atop an unfinished building .	the construction is sleeping underground .	0
construction worker standing atop an unfinished building .	the construction is purchased one style .	0
construction worker standing atop an unfinished building .	the construction is bringing autograph . to the	0
construction worker standing atop an unfinished building .	the construction is beside the standing .	0
construction worker standing atop an unfinished building .	the construction is ona play . `	0
construction worker standing atop an unfinished building .	the construction is decorating standing . came	0
construction worker standing atop an unfinished building .	the construction is about with balloon .	0
construction worker standing atop an unfinished building .	the construction is whistling with female .	0
construction worker standing atop an unfinished building .	a construction worker is dead .	2
construction worker standing atop an unfinished building .	a construction worker is dead . <oov>	2
child is laughing and playing around .	the child is all ordered and handstands .	2
child is laughing and playing around .	a bearded man is expecting on .	2
child is laughing and playing around .	the child is selling causes and soon .	2
child is laughing and playing around .	the child is all bystanders and piercings .	2
child is laughing and playing around .	a child is all smiling on .	2
child is laughing and playing around .	the child is crying and hurt sleeping .	2
child is laughing and playing around .	a child is crying and entertaining soon .	2
child is laughing and playing around .	a bearded man is batting on . to	2
child is laughing and playing around .	a jim is selling <oov> niece .	2
child is laughing and playing around .	the child is all 30 and sleeping .	2
child is laughing and playing around .	the child is feels crazy and sleeping .	2
child is laughing and playing around .	a child is crying and hurt .	2
child is laughing and playing around .	a child is crying and comic street .	2
child is laughing and playing around .	the child is all bystanders and street .	2
child is laughing and playing around .	the child is all stacking on .	2
child is laughing and playing around .	the child is all beater and horses . .	2
child is laughing and playing around .	the child is all really on .	2
child is laughing and playing around .	a rafters is selling chicken and eats .	2
child is laughing and playing around .	the child is all audio on .	2
child is laughing and playing around .	the child is with his parents .	1
child is laughing and playing around .	the child is with his parents .	1
child is laughing and playing around .	the child is with his parents .	1
child is laughing and playing around .	the child is with his parents .	1
child is laughing and playing around .	the child is with his parents .	1
child is laughing and playing around .	the child is with his parents .	1
child is laughing and playing around .	the child is with his parents .	1
child is laughing and playing around .	the child is with his parents .	1
child is laughing and playing around .	the child is with his parents .	1
child is laughing and playing around .	the child is with his parents .	1
child is laughing and playing around .	the child is with his parents .	1
child is laughing and playing around .	the child is with his parents .	1
child is laughing and playing around .	the child is with his parents .	1
child is laughing and playing around .	the child is with his parents .	1
child is laughing and playing around .	the child is with his parents .	1
child is laughing and playing around .	the child is with his parents .	1
child is laughing and playing around .	the child is with his birthday .	1
child is laughing and playing around .	the child is with his parents .	1
child is laughing and playing around .	the child is with his parents .	1
child is laughing and playing around .	the child is with his parents .	1
child is laughing and playing around .	the child is with his parents .	1
child is laughing and playing around .	the child is with his football .	1
child is laughing and playing around .	the child is with his birthday .	1
child is laughing and playing around .	the child is with his parents .	1
child is laughing and playing around .	the child is with his parents .	1
child is laughing and playing around .	the child is with his parents .	1
child is laughing and playing around .	the child is with the docks .	1
child is laughing and playing around .	the child is with his parents .	1
child is laughing and playing around .	the child is with his parents .	1
child is laughing and playing around .	the child is with his parents .	1
child is laughing and playing around .	the child is with his parents .	1
child is laughing and playing around .	the child is with his parents .	1
child is laughing and playing around .	the child is with his football .	1
child is laughing and playing around .	the child is with his parents .	1
child is laughing and playing around .	the child is with his parents .	1
child is laughing and playing around .	the child is with his birthday .	1
child is laughing and playing around .	the child is with the oboe .	1
child is laughing and playing around .	the child is with his parents .	1
child is laughing and playing around .	the child is with his parents .	1
a man grilling a hamburger .	the man is near the grill .	0
a man grilling a hamburger .	the man is near the summertime .	0
a young man appears bored in a restaurant .	a welder carves kicked because in a lunch	0
a young man appears bored in a restaurant .	a teen tells washing white in a restaurant	0
a young man appears bored in a restaurant .	a ouside batting washing a camera in restaurant .	0
a young man appears bored in a restaurant .	a lot don watching stripe in a restaurant .	0
a young man appears bored in a restaurant .	a little boy looks complete in a bakery .	0
a young man appears bored in a restaurant .	a robin attempt appears in a bored use florist	0
a young man appears bored in a restaurant .	a little boy looks going in a brush .	0
a young man appears bored in a restaurant .	a young person poses in a st. brush	0
a young man appears bored in a restaurant .	a welder text heron sons in a brush .	0
a young man appears bored in a restaurant .	a disabled carrying weed in a softball attendance gossip	0
a young man appears bored in a restaurant .	a manhole talks hamburgers going in a brush .	0
a young man appears bored in a restaurant .	a young person poses in a restraunt cooks .	0
a young man appears bored in a restaurant .	a gateway flips appears in a brush fishing .	0
a young man appears bored in a restaurant .	a disabled ladies looks bored in a marathon .	0
a young man appears bored in a restaurant .	a beast ladies pick up a poor ledge .	0
a young man appears bored in a restaurant .	a disabled american cleaner quietly in a marathon .	0
a young man appears bored in a restaurant .	a disabled carrying trimmed sitting in a fishing .	0
a young man appears bored in a restaurant .	a mommy balls exploring a safe in london .	0
a young man appears bored in a restaurant .	a young woman wrestling out in a tow .	2
a young man appears bored in a restaurant .	a young woman wrestling a travelers in danger	2
a young man appears bored in a restaurant .	a young woman begin going in a bakery .	2
a young man appears bored in a restaurant .	a young woman strolls quietly in a canopy	2
a young man appears bored in a restaurant .	a young woman forward down a huge ledge .	2
a young man appears bored in a restaurant .	a young woman fetching kabobs in a bakery	2
a young man appears bored in a restaurant .	a young woman sprinting going in a marathon	2
a young man appears bored in a restaurant .	a young woman paragliding underneath in a yellow contest	2
a young man appears bored in a restaurant .	a young woman instruction up animals in usa ground	2
a young man appears bored in a restaurant .	a young woman sat flavored in a bakery	2
a young man appears bored in a restaurant .	a young woman begin wanders in a ruined .	2
a young man appears bored in a restaurant .	a young woman cleans a keys in restaurant .	2
a young man appears bored in a restaurant .	a young woman modeling t down a dalmatian .	2
a young man appears bored in a restaurant .	a young group begin a teacher in frilly .	2
a young man appears bored in a restaurant .	a young woman embrace clothes in a boat .	2
a young man appears bored in a restaurant .	a young woman sat run in a canopy	2
a young man appears bored in a restaurant .	a young woman driven which in a brush	2
a young man appears bored in a restaurant .	a young woman joyfully in a yellow building .	2
a young man appears bored in a restaurant .	a young dirt person fetching a white cart .	2
a young man appears bored in a restaurant .	a young woman designs fellows in a rodeo .	2
a young man appears bored in a restaurant .	a young woman cleans confetti in a bathtub .	2
a young man appears bored in a restaurant .	a young woman begin samples in a restaurant .	2
a young man appears bored in a restaurant .	a young woman being fixed a red cart .	2
a girl climbing a chain link fence .	a girl is on a fence .	0
a girl climbing a chain link fence .	a girl is on a fence . ask	0
a girl climbing a chain link fence .	the girl falls from the docks .	2
a girl climbing a chain link fence .	the girl falls from the week .	2
a girl climbing a chain link fence .	the girl climbed the stabbing dogs .	2
a girl climbing a chain link fence .	the girl paddle her grandson ruined .	2
a girl climbing a chain link fence .	the falls behind <oov> shish choice .	2
a girl climbing a chain link fence .	the photo fixes <oov> ancient drown . to	2
a girl climbing a chain link fence .	a girl lays from the performed .	2
a girl climbing a chain link fence .	the falls belong from the wand .	2
a girl climbing a chain link fence .	the girl falls from the headquarters .	2
a girl climbing a chain link fence .	the girl falls from the seagulls .	2
a girl climbing a chain link fence .	the girl touches the park portrait .	2
a girl climbing a chain link fence .	the photo falls from the lobster .	2
a girl climbing a chain link fence .	the girl wore her plays skills .	2
a girl climbing a chain link fence .	the photo <oov> give the grind .	2
a girl climbing a chain link fence .	the girl could by the pieces .	2
a girl climbing a chain link fence .	the girl falls from the seagulls .	2
a girl climbing a chain link fence .	the girl kayaks by the stores .	2
a girl climbing a chain link fence .	the girl falls from the chair .	2
a girl climbing a chain link fence .	the girl pounding behind the mess .	2
a girl climbing a chain link fence .	the girl bikes her man stole .	2
a girl climbing a chain link fence .	the girl climbed her art cellphone .	2
a girl climbing a chain link fence .	the photo coin the bikers pieces .	2
a girl climbing a chain link fence .	her brothers <oov> off the floors .	2
a girl climbing a chain link fence .	the girl falls from the floors .	2
a group of people standing in a restaurant .	there are people in a restaurant competion teen	0
a group of people standing in a restaurant .	there are people in a restaurant booth .	0
a group of people standing in a restaurant .	there are people in a restaurant hallway .	0
a group of people standing in a restaurant .	there are people in a restaurant hallway .	0
a group of people standing in a restaurant .	there are people in a restaurant office .	0
a group of people standing in a restaurant .	there are people in a restaurant cannon	0
a group of people standing in a restaurant .	there are people in a restaurant hallway .	0
a group of people standing in a restaurant .	there are people in a restaurant hallway .	0
a group of people standing in a restaurant .	there are people in a restaurant hallway .	0
a group of people standing in a restaurant .	there are people in a restaurant sacred .	0
a group of people standing in a restaurant .	there are people in a barbecue restaurant .	0
a group of people standing in a restaurant .	there are people in a restaurant barbecue .	0
a group of people standing in a restaurant .	there are people in a restaurant sale .	0
a group of people standing in a restaurant .	there are people in a restaurant hallway .	0
a group of people standing in a restaurant .	there are people in a restaurant barbecue .	0
a group of people standing in a restaurant .	there are people in a restaurant kiosk .	0
an olympian leaps over an obstacle .	an <oov> beach .	0
an olympian leaps over an obstacle .	an <oov> stranger .	0
an olympian leaps over an obstacle .	an <oov> jumps .	0
an olympian leaps over an obstacle .	an <oov> jumps .	0
an olympian leaps over an obstacle .	an object is .	0
an olympian leaps over an obstacle .	an <oov> beach .	0
an olympian leaps over an obstacle .	an <oov> jumps .	0
an olympian leaps over an obstacle .	an <oov> reading .	0
an olympian leaps over an obstacle .	an <oov> jumps .	0
an olympian leaps over an obstacle .	an all race .	0
an olympian leaps over an obstacle .	an object is .	0
an olympian leaps over an obstacle .	an <oov> jumps .	0
an olympian leaps over an obstacle .	an <oov> reading .	0
an olympian leaps over an obstacle .	an <oov> jumps .	0
an olympian leaps over an obstacle .	an <oov> jumps .	0
an olympian leaps over an obstacle .	an <oov> listens .	0
an olympian leaps over an obstacle .	an object boy .	0
an olympian leaps over an obstacle .	an <oov> jumps .	0
an olympian leaps over an obstacle .	an some tobacco .	0
an olympian leaps over an obstacle .	an <oov> jumps .	0
an olympian leaps over an obstacle .	an <oov> reading .	0
an olympian leaps over an obstacle .	an <oov> jumps .	0
an olympian leaps over an obstacle .	an <oov> jumps .	0
an olympian leaps over an obstacle .	an <oov> beach .	0
an olympian leaps over an obstacle .	an object bicyclist . .	0
an olympian leaps over an obstacle .	an <oov> opera .	0
an olympian leaps over an obstacle .	an object outside .	0
an olympian leaps over an obstacle .	an australian bird .	0
an olympian leaps over an obstacle .	an apprentice is .	0
an olympian leaps over an obstacle .	an <oov> jumps .	0
an olympian leaps over an obstacle .	an object outside .	0
an olympian leaps over an obstacle .	an apprentice is .	0
an olympian leaps over an obstacle .	an object outside .	0
an olympian leaps over an obstacle .	an <oov> jumps .	0
an olympian leaps over an obstacle .	an <oov> slaps .	0
an olympian leaps over an obstacle .	an amateur outside .	0
an olympian leaps over an obstacle .	an object is .	0
an olympian leaps over an obstacle .	an <oov> jumps .	0
an olympian leaps over an obstacle .	an <oov> plane . is	0
an olympian leaps over an obstacle .	an some computer . is	0
an olympian leaps over an obstacle .	a girl lies in laundry of duty .	2
an olympian leaps over an obstacle .	a girl lies one in the kitchen .	2
an olympian leaps over an obstacle .	a girl plaza in a midst kitchen .	2
an olympian leaps over an obstacle .	a girl embraces sleeps in the kitchen building	2
an olympian leaps over an obstacle .	a girl finds a camera in the kitchen .	2
an olympian leaps over an obstacle .	a break woman performing past the sideline .	2
an olympian leaps over an obstacle .	a girl outdoors running in the kitchen .	2
an olympian leaps over an obstacle .	a girl performing next to go <oov> ''	2
an olympian leaps over an obstacle .	a girl bend one up the robot .	2
an olympian leaps over an obstacle .	a girl outdoors running in a mall .	2
an olympian leaps over an obstacle .	a break works in laundry above his kitchen .	2
an olympian leaps over an obstacle .	a human holds a crash on his cane .	2
an olympian leaps over an obstacle .	a full children running flowers in the bedroom .	2
a young girl with blond-hair eating a peach .	a young girl is formally . a	2
a young girl with blond-hair eating a peach .	a young girl is reflective .	2
a young girl with blond-hair eating a peach .	a young girl does family crossed .	2
a young girl with blond-hair eating a peach .	a young girl is applying herself .	2
a young girl with blond-hair eating a peach .	a young girl is good .	2
a young girl with blond-hair eating a peach .	a young girl is flat . stirring	2
a young girl with blond-hair eating a peach .	a young girl is colored pews . <oov>	2
a young girl with blond-hair eating a peach .	a young girl is swatting .	2
a young girl with blond-hair eating a peach .	a young girl does hips . and	2
a young girl with blond-hair eating a peach .	a young girl does any tricks . .	2
a young girl with blond-hair eating a peach .	a young girl is corrective . outside	2
a young girl with blond-hair eating a peach .	a young girl does drips starts . fit	2
a young girl with blond-hair eating a peach .	a young girl does handstand .	2
a young girl with blond-hair eating a peach .	a young girl is strapped . to	2
a young girl with blond-hair eating a peach .	a young girl is flat . <oov>	2
a young girl with blond-hair eating a peach .	a young girl does reporters bet .	2
a young girl with blond-hair eating a peach .	a young girl is inventor .	2
a young girl with blond-hair eating a peach .	a young girl is aggressive .	2
a young girl with blond-hair eating a peach .	a young girl is poodles .	2
a young girl with blond-hair eating a peach .	a young girl is whistling .	2
a young girl with blond-hair eating a peach .	a young girl is applying . to	2
a young girl with blond-hair eating a peach .	a young girl does bracing .	2
a young girl with blond-hair eating a peach .	a young girl does boogie .	2
a young girl with blond-hair eating a peach .	a young girl does grandson . <oov>	2
a young girl with blond-hair eating a peach .	a young girl does menorah tuesday . .	2
a young girl with blond-hair eating a peach .	a young girl is good .	2
a young girl with blond-hair eating a peach .	a young girl is trims .	2
a young girl with blond-hair eating a peach .	a young girl is siting . about	2
a young girl with blond-hair eating a peach .	a young girl is flat . solider	2
a young girl with blond-hair eating a peach .	a young girl does handstand .	2
a young girl with blond-hair eating a peach .	a young girl is celebrated . a	2
a young girl with blond-hair eating a peach .	a young girl does rails minister .	2
a young girl with blond-hair eating a peach .	a young girl is arranged .	2
a young girl with blond-hair eating a peach .	a young girl is celebrated . while	2
a young girl with blond-hair eating a peach .	a young girl is arranged .	2
a young girl with blond-hair eating a peach .	there is fruit competitor .	0
a young girl with blond-hair eating a peach .	there is fruit orchard .	0
a young girl with blond-hair eating a peach .	there is american slowly .	0
the african american man protests against <oov> sex .	the man with exploring is in the pajamas	2
the african american man protests against <oov> sex .	the man with his hair is an instrument .	2
the african american man protests against <oov> sex .	the man with badges and is happily hugging .	2
the african american man protests against <oov> sex .	the man with dreadlocks is the racing exhibit	2
the african american man protests against <oov> sex .	the man with llamas is the racing exhibit .	2
the african american man protests against <oov> sex .	the man with planted is in the hallway .	2
the african american man protests against <oov> sex .	the man is dipping his juice and downtown .	2
the african american man protests against <oov> sex .	the man with advertisements is an empty closet .	2
the african american man protests against <oov> sex .	the man with curly and hawaiian the park .	2
the african american man protests against <oov> sex .	the man with veteran is an the advertisement .	2
the african american man protests against <oov> sex .	the man with henry is an her screen	2
the african american man protests against <oov> sex .	the man with raises and her an axe	2
the african american man protests against <oov> sex .	the man with science around an instrument save .	2
the african american man protests against <oov> sex .	the man is painted who is the closed .	2
the african american man protests against <oov> sex .	the man with trader is in the office	2
the african american man protests against <oov> sex .	the man with armor in his snowpants calendar it	2
the african american man protests against <oov> sex .	the man with folks and her sleeping lip .	2
the african american man protests against <oov> sex .	the man with his toes is the face .	2
the african american man protests against <oov> sex .	the man with shades and is hugging children .	2
the african american man protests against <oov> sex .	the man with dreadlocks is the racing sparsely .	2
the african american man protests against <oov> sex .	the man with his buzz is an empty field	2
the african american man protests against <oov> sex .	the man with actor and an empty birds .	2
the african american man protests against <oov> sex .	the man is with his gun and park .	2
the african american man protests against <oov> sex .	the man with multi and from a helmet .	2
the african american man protests against <oov> sex .	the man with texans is an her friend .	2
the african american man protests against <oov> sex .	the man with dreadlocks is the brightly closet .	2
the african american man protests against <oov> sex .	the man with is escaping an empty display .	2
the african american man protests against <oov> sex .	the man with handball and an empty bus .	2
the african american man protests against <oov> sex .	the man with surfboards and an empty walkie-talkie .	2
the african american man protests against <oov> sex .	the man with veteran is in the closed .	2
the african american man protests against <oov> sex .	the man with criminal is indoors smiling .	2
the african american man protests against <oov> sex .	the man with nikes is an empty naughty .	2
the african american man protests against <oov> sex .	the man with surfboards and an empty kite .	2
the african american man protests against <oov> sex .	the man is bush with the pipe screen .	2
two dogs either fighting or playing together .	the dogs are asleep on to a dock .	2
two dogs either fighting or playing together .	the dogs are asleep on to a pool .	2
two dogs either fighting or playing together .	the dogs are asleep on to a surface .	2
two dogs either fighting or playing together .	the dogs are asleep on to another .	2
two dogs either fighting or playing together .	the dogs are asleep on to a dock .	2
two dogs either fighting or playing together .	the dogs are asleep on to a dock .	2
two dogs either fighting or playing together .	the dogs are asleep on the sofa stormy .	2
two dogs either fighting or playing together .	the dogs are asleep on to tie someone .	2
two dogs either fighting or playing together .	the dogs are asleep on the beach walk .	2
two dogs either fighting or playing together .	the dogs are asleep on the sofa sofa .	2
two dogs either fighting or playing together .	the dogs are asleep on the sofa ghosts	2
two dogs either fighting or playing together .	the man ordered are working on the sofa .	2
two dogs either fighting or playing together .	the dogs are asleep on to a pool .	2
two dogs either fighting or playing together .	the dogs are asleep on to fabric .	2
two dogs either fighting or playing together .	the dogs are asleep on and a sofa	2
two dogs either fighting or playing together .	the dogs are in a meadow .	1
two dogs either fighting or playing together .	the dogs are in a meadow .	1
two dogs either fighting or playing together .	the dogs are in a meadow .	1
two dogs either fighting or playing together .	the dogs are in a meadow .	1
two dogs either fighting or playing together .	the dogs are in a meadow .	1
two dogs either fighting or playing together .	the dogs are in a meadow .	1
two dogs either fighting or playing together .	the dogs are in a meadow game .	1
two dogs either fighting or playing together .	the dogs are in a meadow .	1
two dogs either fighting or playing together .	the dogs are in a meadow master .	1
two dogs either fighting or playing together .	the dogs are in a meadow .	1
two dogs either fighting or playing together .	the dogs are in a meadow .	1
two dogs either fighting or playing together .	the dogs are in a meadow .	1
two dogs either fighting or playing together .	the dogs are in a meadow arena .	1
two dogs either fighting or playing together .	the dogs are in a meadow tour .	1
two dogs either fighting or playing together .	the dogs are in a meadow blizzard .	1
two dogs either fighting or playing together .	the dogs are in a meadow .	1
two dogs either fighting or playing together .	the dogs are in a meadow .	1
two dogs either fighting or playing together .	the dogs are in a meadow .	1
two dogs either fighting or playing together .	the dogs are in a meadow .	1
two dogs either fighting or playing together .	the dogs are in a meadow .	1
two dogs either fighting or playing together .	the dogs are in a meadow .	1
two dogs either fighting or playing together .	the dogs are in a busy meadow .	1
two dogs either fighting or playing together .	the dogs are in a meadow .	1
two dogs either fighting or playing together .	the dogs are in a meadow .	1
two dogs either fighting or playing together .	the dogs are in a meadow .	1
two dogs either fighting or playing together .	the dogs are in a meadow .	1
two dogs either fighting or playing together .	the dogs are in a meadow .	1
two dogs either fighting or playing together .	the dogs are in a meadow .	1
two dogs either fighting or playing together .	the dogs are in a meadow .	1
two dogs either fighting or playing together .	the dogs are in a meadow .	1
two dogs either fighting or playing together .	the dogs are in a meadow .	1
two dogs either fighting or playing together .	there are at least two dogs on .	0
an oriental woman in glasses , shooting archery .	a hockey surfed is .	0
an oriental woman in glasses , shooting archery .	a woman is sweating .	0
a woman finishing a marathon race .	a woman is finishing a herself .	0
a woman finishing a marathon race .	the woman is in first place swinging .	1
a woman finishing a marathon race .	the woman is in first place stand .	1
a woman finishing a marathon race .	the woman is in first place studies .	1
a woman finishing a marathon race .	the woman is in layers playing work .	1
a woman finishing a marathon race .	the woman is in first place carrying boxes	1
a woman finishing a marathon race .	the woman is in first place swings .	1
a woman finishing a marathon race .	the woman is in first place weight .	1
a woman finishing a marathon race .	the woman is in balloon lagoon fix .	1
a woman finishing a marathon race .	the woman is in first place rover .	1
a woman finishing a marathon race .	the woman is in first place playing .	1
a woman finishing a marathon race .	the woman is in cage playing hopscotch .	1
a woman finishing a marathon race .	the woman is in first place freckles .	1
a woman finishing a marathon race .	the woman is in first place hugging .	1
a woman finishing a marathon race .	the woman is standing in first place .	1
a woman finishing a marathon race .	the woman is in first place starting .	1
a woman finishing a marathon race .	the woman is in public dance coffee .	1
a woman finishing a marathon race .	the woman is in first place swinging .	1
a woman finishing a marathon race .	the woman is in first place beater .	1
a woman finishing a marathon race .	the woman is in first place indoors .	1
a woman finishing a marathon race .	the woman is in first place beings .	1
a woman finishing a marathon race .	the woman is in first place yardwork .	1
a woman finishing a marathon race .	the woman is in first place duty .	1
a woman finishing a marathon race .	the woman is in first place called .	1
a woman finishing a marathon race .	the woman is eating tennis at coffee .	1
a woman finishing a marathon race .	the woman is in first place playing .	1
a woman finishing a marathon race .	the woman is in first place opportunity .	1
a woman finishing a marathon race .	the woman is in graffiti watching makeup .	1
a woman finishing a marathon race .	the woman is in first place kangaroo .	1
a woman finishing a marathon race .	the woman is in balloon her granddaughter .	1
a woman finishing a marathon race .	the woman is in equipment taking place .	1
a woman finishing a marathon race .	the woman is in first place igloo .	1
a woman finishing a marathon race .	the woman is in first place counts .	1
a woman finishing a marathon race .	the woman is in first place playing .	1
two men shining peoples shoes .	two men finishes a snack stone shortly .	2
two men shining peoples shoes .	two men fighting a poorly sail wilson .	2
two men shining peoples shoes .	two men waiters a mine ice cream .	2
two men shining peoples shoes .	two men dine a stuntman ice cream .	2
two men shining peoples shoes .	two men fighting for colorful hot curl .	2
two men shining peoples shoes .	two men enjoy a japanese ice cream .	2
two men shining peoples shoes .	two boys sit over ice cream breathe .	2
two men shining peoples shoes .	two men paying her office reasons box .	2
two men shining peoples shoes .	two men waiters a vendors afternoon nap	2
two men shining peoples shoes .	two men fighting over ice cream them .	2
two men shining peoples shoes .	two men share a famous death sidewalk .	2
two men shining peoples shoes .	two men fighting a ravine deal skateboard .	2
two men shining peoples shoes .	two men waiters a barbershop chef photograph .	2
two men shining peoples shoes .	two boys sit over ice cream photos .	2
two men shining peoples shoes .	two boys ride along ice set sail .	2
two men shining peoples shoes .	two men shaking a times square standing .	2
two men shining peoples shoes .	two men enjoy a bicyclist ice cream .	2
two men shining peoples shoes .	a town mounts groomed .	0
two men shining peoples shoes .	a shining green shoes . small	0
two men shining peoples shoes .	a <oov> dog chewing .	0
two men shining peoples shoes .	a trio <oov> health .	0
two men shining peoples shoes .	a town goes accordian .	0
two men shining peoples shoes .	a large dog chewing .	0
two men shining peoples shoes .	a town goes acts .	0
two men shining peoples shoes .	a fire dog walks . is	0
two men shining peoples shoes .	a large dog chewing .	0
two men shining peoples shoes .	a man shining shoes . .	0
two men shining peoples shoes .	a woodwind dog walks .	0
two men shining peoples shoes .	two men kayaking smoking .	0
two men shining peoples shoes .	a blue dog chewing .	0
two men shining peoples shoes .	two men shining shoes .	0
two men shining peoples shoes .	a man shining shoes . .	0
two men shining peoples shoes .	a roller boulders collapse .	0
two men shining peoples shoes .	two men ski shoes .	0
two men shining peoples shoes .	two men shining shoes .	0
two men shining peoples shoes .	a man shining shoes . .	0
two men shining peoples shoes .	a tired goes tournament .	0
two men shining peoples shoes .	a river goes down .	0
two men shining peoples shoes .	a town goes overhead .	0
two men shining peoples shoes .	a tired goes down .	0
two men shining peoples shoes .	a town goes down .	0
two men shining peoples shoes .	a <oov> dog walks .	0
two men shining peoples shoes .	two men shining shoes .	0
two men shining peoples shoes .	two men focuses surgeon .	0
two men shining peoples shoes .	a tired group inspectors . is	0
two men shining peoples shoes .	a large goes down .	0
two men work outside polishing shoes .	some men are watching tv going together .	2
two men work outside polishing shoes .	some men are watching tv quickly together .	2
two men work outside polishing shoes .	some people are watching tv show together .	2
two men work outside polishing shoes .	some man are riding watching a game .	2
two men work outside polishing shoes .	some are men attic cooking .	0
two men work outside polishing shoes .	some are men sunburn laundry .	0
two men work outside polishing shoes .	some a men are onstage .	0
two men work outside polishing shoes .	a not are wearing snowshoes . a	0
two men work outside polishing shoes .	some men are skiis pitch .	0
two men work outside polishing shoes .	some men are commuting something .	0
two men work outside polishing shoes .	some are men searching something .	0
two men work outside polishing shoes .	some the men are arguing .	0
two men work outside polishing shoes .	a tall people are pitching .	0
two men work outside polishing shoes .	some are men review wood .	0
two men work outside polishing shoes .	a tall woman has a snowstorm .	0
two men work outside polishing shoes .	some men are wanting beauty .	0
two men work outside polishing shoes .	some are men sweep something . of	0
two men work outside polishing shoes .	a tall woman has a track .	0
two men work outside polishing shoes .	a tall people are pitching .	0
two men work outside polishing shoes .	a duck are wearing shoes . to	0
two men work outside polishing shoes .	some are men boarding a bench . to	0
two men work outside polishing shoes .	some are men scoops flowers .	0
two men work outside polishing shoes .	some men are wanting confronts . outside	0
two men work outside polishing shoes .	some are men classmates flowers .	0
two men work outside polishing shoes .	some people are closing wood .	0
two men work outside polishing shoes .	some men are gossiping bamboo . of	0
two men work outside polishing shoes .	some the men are consuming .	0
two men work outside polishing shoes .	some a men are windsurfing .	0
two men work outside polishing shoes .	some men are polishing shoes .	0
two men work outside polishing shoes .	some are men boarding a bench . to	0
two men work outside polishing shoes .	some men are boarding a bench . to	0
two men work outside polishing shoes .	some are men boarding a formation . .	0
two men work outside polishing shoes .	some men are wanting seeds . a	0
two men work outside polishing shoes .	some home are talking descending .	0
two men work outside polishing shoes .	some are men boarding a bench . to	0
a shirtless man rock climbs .	a man is doing his fast meat	1
a shirtless man rock climbs .	a man is doing his ipod path .	1
a shirtless man rock climbs .	a man is doing his fast important .	1
a shirtless man rock climbs .	a man is doing his performance tubes .	1
a shirtless man rock climbs .	a man is doing his project worship .	1
a shirtless man rock climbs .	a man is doing his fast crafts .	1
a shirtless man rock climbs .	a man is doing his machine working .	1
a shirtless man rock climbs .	a man is doing his best son .	1
a shirtless man rock climbs .	a man is doing his exam pitching	1
a shirtless man rock climbs .	a man is doing his icecream .	1
a shirtless man rock climbs .	a man is doing his equipment clothes .	1
a shirtless man rock climbs .	a man is doing his hoisted equipment .	1
a shirtless man rock climbs .	a man is doing his machine clothes .	1
a shirtless man rock climbs .	a man is doing his machine clothes	1
a shirtless man rock climbs .	a man is doing his daughters hobby .	1
a shirtless man rock climbs .	a man is doing his machine clothes .	1
a shirtless man rock climbs .	a man is doing his icecream doughnuts	1
a shirtless man rock climbs .	a man is doing his machine position .	1
a shirtless man rock climbs .	a man is doing his shorts clothes .	1
a shirtless man rock climbs .	a man is doing his daughters clothes .	1
a shirtless man rock climbs .	a man is doing his machine apron	1
a shirtless man rock climbs .	a man is doing his machine cushion .	1
a shirtless man rock climbs .	a man is doing his best cards .	1
a shirtless man rock climbs .	a man is doing his daughter mutt	1
a shirtless man rock climbs .	a man is doing his best exam .	1
a shirtless man rock climbs .	a man is doing his machine working .	1
a shirtless man rock climbs .	a man is doing his sides spotless .	1
a shirtless man rock climbs .	a man is doing his ballon piercing .	1
a shirtless man rock climbs .	a woman is climbing stairs stairs	2
a shirtless man rock climbs .	a man is outside	0
a shirtless man rock climbs .	a man is outside	0
a shirtless man rock climbs .	a man is outside	0
a shirtless man rock climbs .	a man is outside	0
a shirtless man rock climbs .	a man is outside	0
a shirtless man rock climbs .	a man is outside	0
a shirtless man rock climbs .	a man is outside	0
a shirtless man rock climbs .	a man is outside	0
a shirtless man rock climbs .	a man is outside	0
a shirtless man rock climbs .	a man is outside	0
a shirtless man rock climbs .	a man is outside	0
a shirtless man rock climbs .	a man is outside	0
a shirtless man rock climbs .	a man is outside	0
a shirtless man rock climbs .	a man is outside	0
a shirtless man rock climbs .	a man is outside	0
a shirtless man rock climbs .	a man is outside	0
a shirtless man rock climbs .	a man is outside	0
a shirtless man rock climbs .	a man is outside	0
a shirtless man rock climbs .	a man is outside	0
a shirtless man rock climbs .	a man is outside reading	0
a shirtless man rock climbs .	a man is outside	0
a shirtless man rock climbs .	a man is outside	0
a shirtless man rock climbs .	a man is outside	0
a shirtless man rock climbs .	a man is outside	0
a shirtless man rock climbs .	a man is outside	0
a shirtless man rock climbs .	a man is outside	0
a shirtless man rock climbs .	a man is outside	0
a shirtless man rock climbs .	a man is outside	0
a shirtless man rock climbs .	a man is outside	0
a shirtless man rock climbs .	a man is outside	0
a shirtless man rock climbs .	a man is outside	0
a shirtless man rock climbs .	a man is outside	0
a shirtless man rock climbs .	a man is outside	0
a shirtless man rock climbs .	a man is outside	0
a shirtless man rock climbs .	a man is outside instructs	0
a shirtless man rock climbs .	a man is outside	0
a shirtless man rock climbs .	a man is outside	0
a shirtless man rock climbs .	a man is outside	0
a shirtless man rock climbs .	a man is outside	0
a dog plays with a stuffed animal .	the dog is enjoying a traffic .	1
a dog plays with a stuffed animal .	the dog is enjoying a pigeon . note	1
a dog plays with a stuffed animal .	the dog is enjoying a crumbs .	1
a dog plays with a stuffed animal .	the dog is enjoying a traffic .	1
a dog plays with a stuffed animal .	the dog is chewing on trained the toy .	1
a dog plays with a stuffed animal .	the dog is chewing on 10 his harley	1
a dog plays with a stuffed animal .	the dog is chewing on cheesecake the toy	1
a dog plays with a stuffed animal .	the dog is wanders on by the wall .	1
a dog plays with a stuffed animal .	the dog is chewing on arts his friend .	1
a dog plays with a stuffed animal .	the dog is chewing on scribbling his shower .	1
a dog plays with a stuffed animal .	the dog is chewing on 10 the purpose .	1
a dog plays with a stuffed animal .	the dog is sketching on paddled toy .	1
a dog plays with a stuffed animal .	the dog is chewing on chew the toy .	1
a dog plays with a stuffed animal .	the dog is puking on by the wall .	1
a dog plays with a stuffed animal .	the dog is chewing on by the gym .	1
a dog plays with a stuffed animal .	the dog is chewing on africa in disguise .	1
a dog plays with a stuffed animal .	the dog is ending on half screen .	1
a dog plays with a stuffed animal .	the dog is chewing on toy in pajamas	1
a skateboarder sails over white steps .	three people are putting the cage together .	2
a skateboarder sails over white steps .	three men are clearing the steps .	2
a skateboarder sails over white steps .	four people are busy intently the steps .	2
a skateboarder sails over white steps .	four people are putting the machinery steps .	2
a skateboarder sails over white steps .	four people lesbian tea in a room .	2
a skateboarder sails over white steps .	three men are clearing the steps .	2
a skateboarder sails over white steps .	four children are taste the steps room .	2
a skateboarder sails over white steps .	four people are clearing the steps room .	2
a skateboarder sails over white steps .	four people are clearing the steps room . .	2
a skateboarder sails over white steps .	a dog jumped over the steps .	2
a skateboarder sails over white steps .	four people are clearing the a room .	2
a skateboarder sails over white steps .	three men are putting the festivities stones .	2
a skateboarder sails over white steps .	a three parent are flying the titanic .	2
a skateboarder sails over white steps .	three actors are the painted of rapids .	2
a skateboarder sails over white steps .	three females are eating the kindergarten steps .	2
a skateboarder sails over white steps .	three people are putting the american monkey .	2
a skateboarder sails over white steps .	four people are clearing the camera steps .	2
a skateboarder sails over white steps .	three people are putting the american steps .	2
a skateboarder sails over white steps .	three woman love over the miami steps .	2
a skateboarder sails over white steps .	a lacrosse touched are putting the room .	2
a skateboarder sails over white steps .	four people are flooding over a steps .	2
a skateboarder sails over white steps .	four people are intently the steps picnic .	2
a skateboarder sails over white steps .	a three jockeys are riding the steps .	2
a skateboarder sails over white steps .	three men are clearing the steps .	2
a skateboarder sails over white steps .	three businessmen are love over a picnic .	2
a skateboarder sails over white steps .	a dog jumped over the steps .	2
a skateboarder sails over white steps .	four people are putting the standing intently .	2
a skateboarder sails over white steps .	there are large bicycling with a balloon .	2
a skateboarder sails over white steps .	four people are putting the moonlight .	2
a man looks back while laughing and walking .	a man is falling down on the ground	2
a man looks back while laughing and walking .	a man is falling down on the ground .	2
a man looks back while laughing and walking .	a man is falling down on the ground .	2
a man looks back while laughing and walking .	a man is falling down on the ground .	2
a man looks back while laughing and walking .	a man is falling down on the ground .	2
a man looks back while laughing and walking .	a man is falling down on the ground .	2
a man looks back while laughing and walking .	a man is falling down on the ground	2
a dog is walking down steps .	an animal is walking . .	0
a dog is walking down steps .	an animal is walking . .	0
a dog is walking down steps .	an animal is walking . .	0
a dog is walking down steps .	an animal is walking . .	0
a dog is walking down steps .	an animal is walking . people	0
a dog is walking down steps .	an animal is walking . .	0
a dog is walking down steps .	a dog is laying down the slingshot .	2
a dog is walking down steps .	a dog is laying on the couch .	2
a dog is walking down steps .	a dog is laying on the couch .	2
an elderly woman walking down the street .	an elderly woman is shown .	0
an elderly woman walking down the street .	the shirtless 's of me bagels .	0
an elderly woman walking down the street .	the guy is shown from camera .	0
an elderly woman walking down the street .	an elderly woman is slippery .	0
an elderly woman walking down the street .	an elderly woman is investigating amateur .	0
an elderly woman walking down the street .	an elderly woman is investigating . to	0
an elderly woman walking down the street .	an elderly woman is shown .	0
an elderly woman walking down the street .	an elderly woman is jousting .	0
an elderly woman walking down the street .	a mail couple is shown tickets .	0
an elderly woman walking down the street .	the shirtless 's of me pedal .	0
an elderly woman walking down the street .	an elderly woman is walls .	0
an elderly woman walking down the street .	an elderly woman is shown .	0
an elderly woman walking down the street .	the shirtless 's males wedding sailing .	0
an elderly woman walking down the street .	the catch is shown or pizzas . outside riverbed	0
an elderly woman walking down the street .	an elderly woman is shown .	0
an elderly woman walking down the street .	an elderly woman is washes .	0
an elderly woman walking down the street .	an elderly woman is breastfeeding .	0
an elderly woman walking down the street .	an elderly woman is investigating . across	0
an elderly woman walking down the street .	an elderly woman is shown .	0
an elderly woman walking down the street .	an elderly woman is investigating . to	0
an elderly woman walking down the street .	an elderly woman is shown .	0
an elderly woman walking down the street .	the shirtless 's males pose bowtie .	0
an elderly woman walking down the street .	the mime 's wedding gift . <oov>	0
an elderly woman walking down the street .	an elderly woman is ripping .	0
an elderly woman walking down the street .	the scene is shown afraid today .	0
an elderly woman walking down the street .	the shirtless 's males are collaborating .	0
an elderly woman walking down the street .	the skinned 's of concrete microphones .	0
an elderly woman walking down the street .	the shirtless man is shown highchairs .	0
an elderly woman walking down the street .	the festival is shown beside stairs . <oov>	0
an elderly woman walking down the street .	a shirtless is standing belted menu .	0
an old woman walking down the street .	a human in motion .	0
an old woman walking down the street .	a human in motion .	0
an old woman walking down the street .	a carpenter in motion .	0
an old woman walking down the street .	a human in motion .	0
an old woman walking down the street .	a human in clock . to	0
an old woman walking down the street .	a woman on her way to church .	1
an old woman walking down the street .	a woman on her way to mount .	1
an old woman walking down the street .	a woman on her way to church .	1
an old woman walking down the street .	a woman on her way to church .	1
an old woman walking down the street .	a woman on her way to church .	1
an old woman walking down the street .	a woman on her way to turn .	1
an old woman walking down the street .	a woman on her way to church .	1
an old woman walking down the street .	a woman on her way to church .	1
an old woman walking down the street .	a woman on her way to turn .	1
an old woman walking down the street .	a woman on skates to her left mitt .	1
an old woman walking down the street .	a woman on her way to church .	1
an old woman walking down the street .	a woman on her way to church .	1
an old woman walking down the street .	a woman on her way to church .	1
an old woman walking down the street .	a woman on her way to church .	1
an old woman walking down the street .	a woman on skates to multicolored a motorcycle .	1
an old woman walking down the street .	a woman on her way to church .	1
an old woman walking down the street .	a woman on her way to church .	1
an old woman walking down the street .	a woman on her way to church .	1
an old woman walking down the street .	a woman on her way to paint .	1
an old woman walking down the street .	a woman on her way to church .	1
an old woman walking down the street .	a woman on her way to church .	1
an old woman walking down the street .	a woman on her way to church .	1
an old woman walking down the street .	a woman on her way to church .	1
an old woman walking down the street .	a woman on her way to church .	1
an old woman walking down the street .	a woman on her way to church .	1
an old woman walking down the street .	a woman on her way to church .	1
an old woman walking down the street .	a woman on her way to church .	1
an old woman walking down the street .	a woman on her way to church .	1
an old woman walking down the street .	a woman on her way to ramps .	1
an old woman walking down the street .	a woman on her way to lasso .	1
an old woman walking down the street .	a woman on her way to church .	1
an old woman walking down the street .	a woman on her way to church .	1
an old woman walking down the street .	a woman on her way to church .	1
a man playing fetch with two brown dogs .	the dogs are asleep ups . group	2
a man playing fetch with two brown dogs .	the dogs are wearing harnesses . paces wash	2
a man playing fetch with two brown dogs .	the dogs are asleep equipment .	2
a man playing fetch with two brown dogs .	the dogs are asleep steel .	2
a man playing fetch with two brown dogs .	the dogs are asleep skill .	2
a man playing fetch with two brown dogs .	the dogs are wearing denim . to	2
this child is getting a pedicure .	people ride zooming latte .	0
this child is getting a pedicure .	people pull an outdoor .	0
this child is getting a pedicure .	people spread comic tricks .	0
this child is getting a pedicure .	people ride fired sport .	0
this child is getting a pedicure .	people examining an outdoor . is	0
this child is getting a pedicure .	people crosscountry on uncovered . is piloting	0
this child is getting a pedicure .	people siting <oov> numbers . is	0
this child is getting a pedicure .	people congregated outside gallops .	0
this child is getting a pedicure .	people ride rv park .	0
this child is getting a pedicure .	people involved ride forces .	0
this child is getting a pedicure .	people descend behind vessels .	0
this child is getting a pedicure .	people ride drops beams .	0
this child is getting a pedicure .	people write <oov> backstage .	0
this child is getting a pedicure .	people east on batman .	0
this child is getting a pedicure .	people ride via jerseys .	0
this child is getting a pedicure .	people ride rafter comic .	0
this child is getting a pedicure .	people ride soaring pajamas .	0
this child is getting a pedicure .	people hop from vietnam .	0
this child is getting a pedicure .	people harvesting an exam .	0
this child is getting a pedicure .	people ride paths smiling .	0
this child is getting a pedicure .	people ride past hate .	0
this child is getting a pedicure .	people eleven behind hop .	0
this child is getting a pedicure .	people ride change sleeping .	0
this child is getting a pedicure .	people ride street fair .	0
this child is getting a pedicure .	people pull an organ . to	0
this child is getting a pedicure .	people ride poop liverpool .	0
this child is getting a pedicure .	people congregated ride sleeping .	0
this child is getting a pedicure .	people ride unsafe wakeboarding . to	0
this child is getting a pedicure .	people suits ride past .	0
this child is getting a pedicure .	people ride apart behind .	0
this child is getting a pedicure .	people ride cds behind .	0
this child is getting a pedicure .	people ride keeps sleeping .	0
this child is getting a pedicure .	people didgeridoo an shed .	0
this child is getting a pedicure .	there boy is cruising and with chopsticks .	1
this child is getting a pedicure .	there and adolescents segways with the surf .	1
this child is getting a pedicure .	three woman is feeding children the movie .	1
this child is getting a pedicure .	there boy is strumming children the cameras .	1
this child is getting a pedicure .	there and visited & with the skateboarders .	1
this child is getting a pedicure .	there boy in spots with the surf .	1
this child is getting a pedicure .	there boy is smiling with the skateboarders .	1
this child is getting a pedicure .	there boy is smiling through the swamp .	1
this child is getting a pedicure .	there boy is shown with the gasoline .	1
this child is getting a pedicure .	there boy is smiling through the private .	1
this child is getting a pedicure .	there boy is running with the skateboarders .	1
this child is getting a pedicure .	people collecting and being enjoying with flags .	1
this child is getting a pedicure .	there boy is running with the visitors .	1
this child is getting a pedicure .	there boy does one tricks with legos .	1
this child is getting a pedicure .	people kissing and ancient with some weed .	1
this child is getting a pedicure .	there boy is ongoing with the girlfriend .	1
instructor on basket weaving at fair	a jets running is tired at home .	2
instructor on basket weaving at fair	a skateboarding woman is home in gold .	2
instructor on basket weaving at fair	a road is <oov> sitting at home .	2
instructor on basket weaving at fair	a women <oov> is sitting at home .	2
instructor on basket weaving at fair	a hand is running in a rodeo .	2
instructor on basket weaving at fair	a violin act online for her mailman map	0
instructor on basket weaving at fair	a forge driver is passing the torn .	0
instructor on basket weaving at fair	a mother event down at her map fair .	0
instructor on basket weaving at fair	a skateboarding directs travels to questions in reef .	0
instructor on basket weaving at fair	a road leather together around at the studio .	0
instructor on basket weaving at fair	a basket is launched firework the fair need .	0
instructor on basket weaving at fair	a basket is scattered mt in the studio .	0
instructor on basket weaving at fair	a single is slapping by the best east .	0
instructor on basket weaving at fair	a basket gets stuck that confronts the bench	0
instructor on basket weaving at fair	a ultimate scene is interview in the studio .	0
instructor on basket weaving at fair	a third marathon stares for the monk meal .	0
instructor on basket weaving at fair	a skateboarding is cuts off the moving .	0
instructor on basket weaving at fair	a skateboarding describes may ride to turn exams	0
instructor on basket weaving at fair	a mother hugs something around the human prize .	0
instructor on basket weaving at fair	a priest is weaving for the evening bulbs reins	0
instructor on basket weaving at fair	a basket is pregnant down for several happy	0
instructor on basket weaving at fair	a counter is swiftly her in the competion .	0
instructor on basket weaving at fair	a brazilian kick is right in the performer	0
instructor on basket weaving at fair	a priest janitor focuses in manhattan car .	0
instructor on basket weaving at fair	a mother event is fetching in the weather .	0
instructor on basket weaving at fair	a basket weaving is sharing dyed in arms .	0
instructor on basket weaving at fair	a basket is cheating sunflower in the studio .	0
instructor on basket weaving at fair	a dolphins weaving paul down the oriental music .	0
instructor on basket weaving at fair	a hired basket weaving for the medicine program .	0
instructor on basket weaving at fair	a skateboarding violin octopus a museum and uk .	0
instructor on basket weaving at fair	a cheer sample overturned is using the scope	0
instructor on basket weaving at fair	a natives is vaulting onto in the studio	0
instructor on basket weaving at fair	a road truck down when the moving .	0
instructor on basket weaving at fair	a barber hugs mixing down in the mountains .	0
instructor on basket weaving at fair	a cheer priest is shared in the desk .	0
instructor on basket weaving at fair	a basket is gently around at the fair .	0
instructor on basket weaving at fair	a mother directs sideways through for his friend	0
instructor on basket weaving at fair	a ancient juggles sell vegetables in the distance .	0
a small girl is swinging .	a girl frowns groceries	0
a small girl is swinging .	a girl applies straight	0
a small girl is swinging .	a grandfather patrolling clouds	0
a small girl is swinging .	a girl buying cooking	0
a small girl is swinging .	a child swings fights	0
a small girl is swinging .	a girl buying logs	0
a small girl is swinging .	a girl buying steaming	0
a small girl is swinging .	a girl applies driven	0
a small girl is swinging .	a girl studying thrown	0
a small girl is swinging .	a girl buying boarded	0
a small girl is swinging .	a girl buying brownies	0
a small girl is swinging .	a girl buying chains	0
a small girl is swinging .	a girl buying groceries	0
a small girl is swinging .	a customer buying fresh	0
a small girl is swinging .	a girl buying chains	0
a small girl is swinging .	a child comforts customer	0
a small girl is swinging .	a girl applies donuts	0
a small girl is swinging .	a acting swings pelican	0
a small girl is swinging .	a girl buying tongs	0
a small girl is swinging .	a girl buying parachutes	0
a small girl is swinging .	a girl buying towards	0
a small girl is swinging .	a girl applies straight	0
a small girl is swinging .	a girl buying scares	0
a small girl is swinging .	a girl buying chains	0
a small girl is swinging .	a girl buying billboards	0
a small girl is swinging .	a girl buying duty	0
a small girl is swinging .	a girl surfboards pressure	0
a small girl is swinging .	a stunt bury clouds	0
a small girl is swinging .	a girl frowns mops	0
a small girl is swinging .	a girl frowns backup	0
a small girl is swinging .	a girl buying fresh	0
a small girl is swinging .	a girl sprinting frowns	0
a small girl is swinging .	a girl chops parks	0
a bundled up toddler is walking over snow .	a man is outside . of turkey	0
a bundled up toddler is walking over snow .	a man is outside . . turkey	0
a bundled up toddler is walking over snow .	a man is outside . .	0
a bundled up toddler is walking over snow .	a man is outside . is	0
a bundled up toddler is walking over snow .	a man is outside . people	0
a bundled up toddler is walking over snow .	a man is outside . . turkey	0
a bundled up toddler is walking over snow .	a man is outside . of turkey	0
a bundled up toddler is walking over snow .	a man is outside . to	0
a bundled up toddler is walking over snow .	a man is outside . outside	0
a bundled up toddler is walking over snow .	a man is outside . female	0
a bundled up toddler is walking over snow .	a man is outside . . turkey	0
a bundled up toddler is walking over snow .	a man is outside . . turkey	0
a bundled up toddler is walking over snow .	a man is outside . is	0
a bundled up toddler is walking over snow .	a man is outside . . turkey	0
a bundled up toddler is walking over snow .	a man is outside . . turkey	0
a bundled up toddler is walking over snow .	a man is outside . is	0
a bundled up toddler is walking over snow .	a man is outside . .	0
a bundled up toddler is walking over snow .	a man is outside . . turkey	0
a bundled up toddler is walking over snow .	a man is outside . to	0
a bundled up toddler is walking over snow .	a man is outside . .	0
a bundled up toddler is walking over snow .	a man is outside . . turkey	0
a bundled up toddler is walking over snow .	a man is outside . .	0
a bundled up toddler is walking over snow .	a man is outside . . turkey	0
a bundled up toddler is walking over snow .	a man is outside . nice	0
a bundled up toddler is walking over snow .	a man is outside . maker and	0
a bundled up toddler is walking over snow .	a man is outside . a check	0
a bundled up toddler is walking over snow .	a man is outside . . turkey	0
a bundled up toddler is walking over snow .	a man is outside . is	0
a bundled up toddler is walking over snow .	a man is outside . .	0
a bundled up toddler is walking over snow .	a man is outside . is	0
a bundled up toddler is walking over snow .	a man is outside . <oov>	0
a bundled up toddler is walking over snow .	a man is outside . . to	0
a bundled up toddler is walking over snow .	a man is outside . . turkey	0
a bundled up toddler is walking over snow .	a man is outside . . turkey	0
a bundled up toddler is walking over snow .	a man is outside . is	0
a bundled up toddler is walking over snow .	a man is outside . .	0
a bundled up toddler is walking over snow .	a man is outside . to	0
a bundled up toddler is walking over snow .	a man is outside . .	0
a bundled up toddler is walking over snow .	a man is outside . is	0
a bundled up toddler is walking over snow .	a slave is very cold hostage .	1
a bundled up toddler is walking over snow .	a field is running shirt messed .	1
a bundled up toddler is walking over snow .	a beach is not sitting photos .	1
a bundled up toddler is walking over snow .	a volleyball is burgers high home . at	1
a bundled up toddler is walking over snow .	a hot is above hockey nap .	1
a bundled up toddler is walking over snow .	a lake is is above dove .	1
a bundled up toddler is walking over snow .	a slave is very cold heavily .	1
a bundled up toddler is walking over snow .	a cyclist is not touching steak .	1
a bundled up toddler is walking over snow .	a skiier is very cold died .	1
a bundled up toddler is walking over snow .	a team is not touching hurdling .	1
a bundled up toddler is walking over snow .	a lemon is is very cold .	1
a bundled up toddler is walking over snow .	a showgirl is running through photos .	1
a bundled up toddler is walking over snow .	a racer is very cold vegetation .	1
a bundled up toddler is walking over snow .	a cap is very cold solid .	1
a bundled up toddler is walking over snow .	a servers is above hockey players .	1
a bundled up toddler is walking over snow .	a sunny is very cold sleeping .	1
a bundled up toddler is walking over snow .	a backlit is above running bottles .	1
a bundled up toddler is walking over snow .	a bullhorn is is very cold .	1
a bundled up toddler is walking over snow .	a toddler is very cold rainstorm .	1
a bundled up toddler is walking over snow .	a support is attending 's instructed . people	1
a bundled up toddler is walking over snow .	a toddler is very sleeping cold .	1
a bundled up toddler is walking over snow .	a birthday is very cold bullet .	1
a bundled up toddler is walking over snow .	a solider is very sleeping henna .	1
a bundled up toddler is walking over snow .	a skiier is attending 's pathway .	1
a bundled up toddler is walking over snow .	a field is running very cold .	1
a bundled up toddler is walking over snow .	a slave is very family opinions .	1
a bundled up toddler is walking over snow .	a lemon is very angry extreme .	1
a bundled up toddler is walking over snow .	a dart is very cold splits .	1
a bundled up toddler is walking over snow .	a blueish is attending running jacket .	1
a bundled up toddler is walking over snow .	a chicken is about above hell .	1
a bundled up toddler is walking over snow .	a toddler is very running snowboarding .	1
a bundled up toddler is walking over snow .	a toddler is very sleeping style .	1
a bundled up toddler is walking over snow .	a bay is very young frowning .	1
a bundled up toddler is walking over snow .	a field is very cold galaxy .	1
a bundled up toddler is walking over snow .	a team is tied very cold .	1
a bundled up toddler is walking over snow .	a man barbecuing a touch .	2
a group of people celebrating in the street .	there is a person going on	0
a group of people celebrating in the street .	there is a women going on	0
a group of people celebrating in the street .	there is a china sitting	0
a group of people celebrating in the street .	there 's a tourist on superior	0
a group of people celebrating in the street .	there is a women going on	0
a group of people celebrating in the street .	people are recording his dog runners	1
a group of people celebrating in the street .	some people are playing some and stretches .	1
a group of people celebrating in the street .	man recording the dog in yellow boots	1
a group of people celebrating in the street .	boy has their university to commuters	1
a group of people celebrating in the street .	some people are parachuting and hold a cats .	1
a group of people celebrating in the street .	boy people are ignoring the lake	1
a group of people celebrating in the street .	people are parachuting his team 's yard	1
a group of people celebrating in the street .	boy are growing their bicycle without biscuits	1
a group of people celebrating in the street .	boy people are preforming and tying	1
a group of people celebrating in the street .	people are protecting the team 's yard	1
a group of people celebrating in the street .	boy are ropes his team follows commuters	1
a group of people celebrating in the street .	people are jenga their bike without nets	1
a group of people celebrating in the street .	boy are climbing the head puddle past	1
a group of people celebrating in the street .	boy has their ties spike a birthday	1
a group of people celebrating in the street .	boy people are preforming and celebrated visited	1
a group of people celebrating in the street .	man has their nightly hair a shiny	1
a group of people celebrating in the street .	people are recording their dog next apparatus	1
a group of people celebrating in the street .	some people are watching the violent colorfully	1
a group of people celebrating in the street .	boy are moment basketball in the shorts .	1
a group of people celebrating in the street .	boy has their products above the ball	1
a group of people celebrating in the street .	boy are working on the descend loudspeaker .	1
a group of people celebrating in the street .	boy are performing their prizes to meditate .	1
a group of people celebrating in the street .	boy people are preforming their cinderella rollerskate	1
a group of people celebrating in the street .	people are students and getting something interesting	1
a group of people celebrating in the street .	people are currently the room star meet	1
a group of people celebrating in the street .	woman hoping <oov> shaped like the bat	1
a group of people celebrating in the street .	people are hard their cooked a rod	1
a group of people celebrating in the street .	people are surfer and garter what shot .	1
a group of people celebrating in the street .	man bill his arm and writes a heist	1
a group of people celebrating in the street .	boy bill are their dog 's ball .	1
a group of people celebrating in the street .	boy are playing their erupting mid man	1
a group of people celebrating in the street .	people underneath a macbook <oov> is bedtime .	2
a group of people celebrating in the street .	people afford up a loom play outside .	2
a group of people celebrating in the street .	people washing a george <oov> atv to race .	2
a group of people celebrating in the street .	people smiling out a big liquor <oov> peach	2
a group of people celebrating in the street .	people loving a tandem but the cubicle <oov> .	2
a group of people celebrating in the street .	people finish a game <oov> atv to drum .	2
a group of people celebrating in the street .	people use a church and waving two men	2
a group of people celebrating in the street .	people use a roofer to attractive woman <oov>	2
a group of people celebrating in the street .	people come dove a fish , is <oov> .	2
a group of people celebrating in the street .	people relax a barber game is <oov> .	2
a group of people celebrating in the street .	people underneath a ford park is <oov> .	2
a group of people celebrating in the street .	people perform a fish is better <oov> .	2
a group of people celebrating in the street .	people use a woodworker <oov> to sushi .	2
a group of people celebrating in the street .	people perform a fish is advertising a whistle	2
a group of people celebrating in the street .	people stewardess use a picture and tall pagoda .	2
a group of people celebrating in the street .	people use a taxi hand is <oov> .	2
a group of people celebrating in the street .	people perform a fish is entertaining a group .	2
a group of people celebrating in the street .	people smiling helps a fair spot is <oov> .	2
a group of people celebrating in the street .	people throw a magic enter and waving .	2
a group of people celebrating in the street .	people brought a fixes out with the family .	2
a group of people celebrating in the street .	people drive a turn game to street <oov>	2
a group of people celebrating in the street .	people cinderella cds by a rowboat and <oov> .	2
a group of people celebrating in the street .	people splashing a turn to church play twister	2
a group of people celebrating in the street .	people smiling a sedan game while riding <oov> .	2
a group of people celebrating in the street .	people training a walk that play is <oov> .	2
a group of people celebrating in the street .	people sitting wait to church play the bus .	2
a group of people celebrating in the street .	people trek out a walking down the street .	2
a group of people celebrating in the street .	people smiling out a big walking down .	2
a group of people celebrating in the street .	people await a taxis is walking down .	2
a group of people celebrating in the street .	people transport in a rowboat walking the tree	2
a group of people celebrating in the street .	people thick into a low to play competitively .	2
naked children play on the muddy riverbank .	a teenager dies order .	2
naked children play on the muddy riverbank .	a big protester bucks .	2
naked children play on the muddy riverbank .	a big youtube upon .	2
naked children play on the muddy riverbank .	two boys listen speak .	2
naked children play on the muddy riverbank .	a big bunch daring day .	2
naked children play on the muddy riverbank .	a big protester vendor .	2
naked children play on the muddy riverbank .	a almost sliced noodles .	2
naked children play on the muddy riverbank .	a big cold two-wheeled .	2
naked children play on the muddy riverbank .	a big shaded when it . is	2
naked children play on the muddy riverbank .	a big pudding far .	2
naked children play on the muddy riverbank .	two sneaking someone blow .	2
naked children play on the muddy riverbank .	a big vendor between operates .	2
naked children play on the muddy riverbank .	a hospital sings poorly . is	2
naked children play on the muddy riverbank .	a big youtube nude .	2
naked children play on the muddy riverbank .	a big village commuters .	2
naked children play on the muddy riverbank .	two almost dies weeds .	2
naked children play on the muddy riverbank .	a big bunch adults .	2
naked children play on the muddy riverbank .	a tortoise gentleman ring .	2
naked children play on the muddy riverbank .	a big shaded pride christians . <oov>	2
naked children play on the muddy riverbank .	two rodeo haircuts clay fight .	2
naked children play on the muddy riverbank .	a big advertises performs .	2
naked children play on the muddy riverbank .	a big granite man granite . is	2
naked children play on the muddy riverbank .	a big operating boarder .	2
naked children play on the muddy riverbank .	the famous man sings .	2
naked children play on the muddy riverbank .	a craftsman learns drinks .	2
naked children play on the muddy riverbank .	a big seeking brunette .	2
a silhouette of a man fishing .	a man is waving . is	0
a silhouette of a man fishing .	a man is fishing . .	0
a silhouette of a man fishing .	a man is waving . .	0
a silhouette of a man fishing .	a man is breakdancing . .	0
a silhouette of a man fishing .	a man is fishing . .	0
a silhouette of a man fishing .	a man is fishing . .	0
a silhouette of a man fishing .	a man is fishing . .	0
a silhouette of a man fishing .	a man is waving . to	0
a silhouette of a man fishing .	a man is fishing . . .	0
a silhouette of a man fishing .	a man is famous . a	0
a silhouette of a man fishing .	a man is waving . is	0
a silhouette of a man fishing .	a man is waving . tickling	0
a silhouette of a man fishing .	a man is waving . is	0
a silhouette of a man fishing .	a man is fishing . .	0
a silhouette of a man fishing .	a man is waving . to	0
a silhouette of a man fishing .	a man is waving . is	0
a silhouette of a man fishing .	a man is waving . a	0
a silhouette of a man fishing .	a man hippy out a new everyone .	1
a silhouette of a man fishing .	a man finished a fishing trip suit .	1
a silhouette of a man fishing .	a man playing a city inside hooded .	1
a silhouette of a man fishing .	a man took a remote upside-down inside .	1
a silhouette of a man fishing .	a man took a fishing balloon buckets .	1
a silhouette of a man fishing .	a man places a walk inside gets .	1
a silhouette of a man fishing .	a man coloring a city to golf .	1
a silhouette of a man fishing .	a man launches a handball beer long chair	1
a silhouette of a man fishing .	a man hurts together a prefers monkeys .	1
a silhouette of a man fishing .	a man standing outside a golf range .	1
a silhouette of a man fishing .	a man coloring a city sidewalk inside .	1
a silhouette of a man fishing .	a man relaxes outside a crowded cabin .	1
a silhouette of a man fishing .	a man meditating imitates a new beer .	1
a silhouette of a man fishing .	a man competes a dance pulling trips .	1
a silhouette of a man fishing .	a man playing a camera grade dam .	1
a silhouette of a man fishing .	a man steering a city at souvenirs .	1
a silhouette of a man fishing .	a man took a fishing cab trophy .	1
a silhouette of a man fishing .	a man spends a city at somebody .	1
a silhouette of a man fishing .	a man playing a fishing inside trip .	1
a silhouette of a man fishing .	a man took a fishing before iphone .	1
a silhouette of a man fishing .	a man playing a fishing figure pot .	1
a silhouette of a man fishing .	a man finished a fishing record alley .	1
a silhouette of a man fishing .	a man relaxes a dance intently tram .	1
a silhouette of a man fishing .	a man installs a new fishing trip .	1
a silhouette of a man fishing .	a man answers a new helicopter style .	1
a man hammering nails on a shed .	the man is making repairs away .	1
a man hammering nails on a shed .	the man is making cell place .	1
a man hammering nails on a shed .	the man is making repairs samples .	1
a man hammering nails on a shed .	the man is having fun likes .	1
a man hammering nails on a shed .	the man is making meals squares .	1
a man hammering nails on a shed .	the man is making popcorn coal .	1
a man hammering nails on a shed .	the man is making repairs brushes .	1
a man hammering nails on a shed .	the man is making repairs honored .	1
a man hammering nails on a shed .	the man is making peoples wage . <oov>	1
a man hammering nails on a shed .	the man is eating making macaroni .	1
a man hammering nails on a shed .	the man is making argentina open . got	1
a man hammering nails on a shed .	the man is making repairs instructions . to	1
a man hammering nails on a shed .	the man is making rags nap .	1
a man hammering nails on a shed .	the man is making tortillas popcorn .	1
a man hammering nails on a shed .	the man is making go-kart tortillas . what	1
a man hammering nails on a shed .	the man is making repairs pull . it	1
a man hammering nails on a shed .	the man is making repairs appropriate .	1
a man hammering nails on a shed .	the man is making repairs repairs .	1
a man hammering nails on a shed .	the man is making repairs deals .	1
a man hammering nails on a shed .	the man is making funny clears .	1
a man hammering nails on a shed .	the man is a <oov> pavement .	1
a man hammering nails on a shed .	the man is a <oov> saturday . of	1
a man hammering nails on a shed .	the man is a <oov> kidnapped .	1
a man hammering nails on a shed .	the man is a <oov> thing . .	1
a man hammering nails on a shed .	the man is a <oov> .	1
a man hammering nails on a shed .	the bearded is weighing of on asphalt .	2
a man hammering nails on a shed .	a goal is raised of on trolley .	2
a man hammering nails on a shed .	a dj is taking on of dalmation .	2
a man hammering nails on a shed .	a dj is sharpening on of computers .	2
a man hammering nails on a shed .	the skiier is made of on cellphones .	2
a man hammering nails on a shed .	a sail is tasting of on raised .	2
a man hammering nails on a shed .	the horse is treading of under numbers .	2
a man hammering nails on a shed .	a boyfriend is learning on of computers .	2
a man hammering nails on a shed .	the board is made of on asphalt .	2
a man hammering nails on a shed .	a memorial is casting of on hell .	2
a man hammering nails on a shed .	the sign is bikers on their alphabet .	2
a man hammering nails on a shed .	a school is celebrated of on diamond .	2
a man hammering nails on a shed .	a warn is raised on of concessions .	2
a man hammering nails on a shed .	the posters is made of on surface .	2
a man hammering nails on a shed .	a dj is sailing of on electrical .	2
a man hammering nails on a shed .	the sail is hammering of on asphalt .	2
a man hammering nails on a shed .	a trashcan is made of on diamond .	2
a man hammering nails on a shed .	a surfboard is flirting on of sisters .	2
a man hammering nails on a shed .	a latin is rubbing of their body .	2
a man hammering nails on a shed .	a lab is raised of on hell .	2
a man hammering nails on a shed .	the shed is nervous of on ropes .	2
a man hammering nails on a shed .	a dj is answering of on construction .	2
a man hammering nails on a shed .	a pink is tasting of on asphalt .	2
a man hammering nails on a shed .	the brown-haired is chasing dogs on asphalt .	2
a man hammering nails on a shed .	a kite is sailing of on pool .	2
a man hammering nails on a shed .	a sail is sailing of on island glass .	2
a man hammering nails on a shed .	a dj is god of on rings .	2
a man hammering nails on a shed .	a ginger is sailing of on purchased .	2
a man hammering nails on a shed .	a feeding is flashing of on computers .	2
a man hammering nails on a shed .	the red is hammering of on total .	2
a man hammering nails on a shed .	a goal is tasting of on island skateboard .	2
a man hammering nails on a shed .	a dj is climing of on surface .	2
a person enjoys a beautiful sunny day paragliding .	a person is enjoying the air from files .	0
a person enjoys a beautiful sunny day paragliding .	a person is enjoying the root o .	0
a person enjoys a beautiful sunny day paragliding .	a person is enjoying the trader band milk .	0
a person enjoys a beautiful sunny day paragliding .	a person is enjoying the roofing scenery figurine .	0
a person enjoys a beautiful sunny day paragliding .	a person is enjoying the packers often benches .	0
a person enjoys a beautiful sunny day paragliding .	a person is enjoying the air toilets tickets .	0
a person enjoys a beautiful sunny day paragliding .	a person is enjoying the brazilian haircuts pinball .	0
a person enjoys a beautiful sunny day paragliding .	a person is enjoying the padded robots soft	0
a person enjoys a beautiful sunny day paragliding .	a person is enjoying the field of teenagers .	0
a person enjoys a beautiful sunny day paragliding .	a person is enjoying the steer deep smoked .	0
a person enjoys a beautiful sunny day paragliding .	a person is enjoying the fresh less rollerskating	0
a person enjoys a beautiful sunny day paragliding .	a person is enjoying the brazilian wrapper .	0
a person enjoys a beautiful sunny day paragliding .	a person is enjoying the seller barricade .	0
a person enjoys a beautiful sunny day paragliding .	a person is enjoying a classical music game .	0
a person enjoys a beautiful sunny day paragliding .	a person is enjoying the superman come break	0
a person enjoys a beautiful sunny day paragliding .	a person is enjoying the bungee gross item	0
a person enjoys a beautiful sunny day paragliding .	the person is dead . is	2
asian class posing for picture with <oov>	this group of men fighting at a cafe	2
asian class posing for picture with <oov>	this men reclines put down in the hill	2
asian class posing for picture with <oov>	one riot dog bites to sit the groom .	2
asian class posing for picture with <oov>	two racers men walking down the one moped .	2
asian class posing for picture with <oov>	this men painting around to ride a girls .	2
asian class posing for picture with <oov>	peole street young men engineers in the mouth .	2
asian class posing for picture with <oov>	one blue man went and one black man .	2
asian class posing for picture with <oov>	this group of men sit around the race .	2
asian class posing for picture with <oov>	this group of men sit around the pig .	2
asian class posing for picture with <oov>	this group of men sit around the court .	2
asian class posing for picture with <oov>	two individual men are playing by a football .	2
asian class posing for picture with <oov>	older woman watch to <oov> next the hill	2
asian class posing for picture with <oov>	two individual men walking down the street tracks .	2
asian class posing for picture with <oov>	older woman smoking is moving a bike hero	2
asian class posing for picture with <oov>	this group of men chat to the hockey gateway	2
asian class posing for picture with <oov>	two models men walking around the court .	2
asian class posing for picture with <oov>	the <oov> is being photographed . people	0
asian class posing for picture with <oov>	the man is being photographed . <oov>	0
asian class posing for picture with <oov>	the <oov> is being photographed . <oov>	0
asian class posing for picture with <oov>	the <oov> is being photographed . for flirting	0
asian class posing for picture with <oov>	the man is being photographed . is	0
asian class posing for picture with <oov>	the <oov> is being photographed . a	0
asian class posing for picture with <oov>	the <oov> is being photographed . people	0
asian class posing for picture with <oov>	the <oov> is being photographed . people	0
asian class posing for picture with <oov>	the <oov> is being photographed . <oov>	0
asian class posing for picture with <oov>	the <oov> is being photographed . came	0
asian class posing for picture with <oov>	the <oov> is being photographed . people	0
asian class posing for picture with <oov>	the <oov> is being photographed . in	0
asian class posing for picture with <oov>	the <oov> is being photographed . to	0
asian class posing for picture with <oov>	the <oov> is being photographed . people	0
asian class posing for picture with <oov>	the <oov> is being photographed . to	0
asian class posing for picture with <oov>	the <oov> is being photographed . people	0
asian class posing for picture with <oov>	the <oov> is being photographed . in	0
asian class posing for picture with <oov>	the <oov> is being photographed . is	0
asian class posing for picture with <oov>	the <oov> is scooping others . a	0
asian class posing for picture with <oov>	the <oov> is being photographed . to	0
asian class posing for picture with <oov>	the <oov> is being photographed . in	0
asian class posing for picture with <oov>	the <oov> is being photographed . carts	0
asian class posing for picture with <oov>	the <oov> is being photographed . boy	0
asian class posing for picture with <oov>	the <oov> is being photographed . to is	0
asian class posing for picture with <oov>	the <oov> is being photographed . is	0
asian class posing for picture with <oov>	the <oov> is being photographed . is	0
asian class posing for picture with <oov>	the <oov> is being photographed . <oov>	0
asian class posing for picture with <oov>	the <oov> is being photographed . has	0
asian class posing for picture with <oov>	the <oov> is being photographed . <oov>	0
<oov> around in the bathroom , toothpaste makeup !	there are two men by a youngest gathering .	1
<oov> around in the bathroom , toothpaste makeup !	there are a <oov> white dress is dancing .	1
<oov> around in the bathroom , toothpaste makeup !	there are around in a dress were deaf .	1
<oov> around in the bathroom , toothpaste makeup !	there are a <oov> , potter sleeved loud .	1
<oov> around in the bathroom , toothpaste makeup !	there are a <oov> white wrapping tanks .	1
<oov> around in the bathroom , toothpaste makeup !	there are by a <oov> conference playing tree .	1
<oov> around in the bathroom , toothpaste makeup !	there are no <oov> this at a zoo .	1
<oov> around in the bathroom , toothpaste makeup !	there are two men by a formed gathering .	1
<oov> around in the bathroom , toothpaste makeup !	there are two men by a windowless of .	1
<oov> around in the bathroom , toothpaste makeup !	there are a <oov> white , poetry swimming .	1
<oov> around in the bathroom , toothpaste makeup !	there are a <oov> white , swimming outside .	1
<oov> around in the bathroom , toothpaste makeup !	there are a <oov> , surrounded getting slides .	1
<oov> around in the bathroom , toothpaste makeup !	there are two men by a passionate of aliens	1
<oov> around in the bathroom , toothpaste makeup !	there are a <oov> white deep carries for <oov>	1
<oov> around in the bathroom , toothpaste makeup !	there are two men by a gorilla kiosk .	1
<oov> around in the bathroom , toothpaste makeup !	there are a <oov> white dress is dancing .	1
<oov> around in the bathroom , toothpaste makeup !	there are two to ride a tango dancing .	1
<oov> around in the bathroom , toothpaste makeup !	there are arrested by the dog swimming animal	1
<oov> around in the bathroom , toothpaste makeup !	there are by a <oov> as gestures out .	1
<oov> around in the bathroom , toothpaste makeup !	there are by a <oov> at ties perfomance	1
<oov> around in the bathroom , toothpaste makeup !	there are by a <oov> room playing chess .	1
<oov> around in the bathroom , toothpaste makeup !	there are a <oov> white dress for a car	1
<oov> around in the bathroom , toothpaste makeup !	there are by a <oov> as eating refrigerator	1
<oov> around in the bathroom , toothpaste makeup !	there are by a <oov> heavy interest cigarettes	1
<oov> around in the bathroom , toothpaste makeup !	there are a <oov> white teddy as statue	1
<oov> around in the bathroom , toothpaste makeup !	there are two men by a conference swing .	1
<oov> around in the bathroom , toothpaste makeup !	there are two men by a rollerskating quickly .	1
<oov> around in the bathroom , toothpaste makeup !	there are two men <oov> , a speech .	1
<oov> around in the bathroom , toothpaste makeup !	there are two men by a heart goat	1
<oov> around in the bathroom , toothpaste makeup !	there are a <oov> white flat tires <oov>	1
<oov> around in the bathroom , toothpaste makeup !	there are no a tall character central <oov> .	1
<oov> around in the bathroom , toothpaste makeup !	there are two men by litter a salon .	1
<oov> around in the bathroom , toothpaste makeup !	there are a <oov> wearing an jersey strategy .	1
<oov> around in the bathroom , toothpaste makeup !	there are a <oov> white cavity ride books .	1
<oov> around in the bathroom , toothpaste makeup !	there are some mexican home at a throwing theater	1
<oov> around in the bathroom , toothpaste makeup !	there are two men by a sooners gathering .	1
<oov> around in the bathroom , toothpaste makeup !	there are two men by a profile of bricks	1
<oov> around in the bathroom , toothpaste makeup !	there are some two men ride a scooter .	1
<oov> around in the bathroom , toothpaste makeup !	there are some body <oov> at a pacifier	1
<oov> around in the bathroom , toothpaste makeup !	tables waiting around the army .	2
<oov> around in the bathroom , toothpaste makeup !	tom cruise in a canada .	2
<oov> around in the bathroom , toothpaste makeup !	required goose in a bedroom .	2
<oov> around in the bathroom , toothpaste makeup !	youngsters playing some theatre and .	2
<oov> around in the bathroom , toothpaste makeup !	billy crowd in the bedroom .	2
<oov> around in the bathroom , toothpaste makeup !	spiderman around built in the cafe .	2
<oov> around in the bathroom , toothpaste makeup !	youngsters artist in the bedroom .	2
<oov> around in the bathroom , toothpaste makeup !	those crowd in the bedroom .	2
<oov> around in the bathroom , toothpaste makeup !	youngsters playing some through the house .	2
<oov> around in the bathroom , toothpaste makeup !	nancy waiting in the bedroom .	2
<oov> around in the bathroom , toothpaste makeup !	local brides of corn canada .	2
<oov> around in the bathroom , toothpaste makeup !	musicians around earth in the world .	2
<oov> around in the bathroom , toothpaste makeup !	uncle employees in the bedroom . to	2
<oov> around in the bathroom , toothpaste makeup !	nancy snowboarders in a cornfield . boy	2
<oov> around in the bathroom , toothpaste makeup !	pigeons being pray in the boat .	2
<oov> around in the bathroom , toothpaste makeup !	youngsters playing some jimi and son .	2
<oov> around in the bathroom , toothpaste makeup !	there nurses leading on the dmv .	2
<oov> around in the bathroom , toothpaste makeup !	ted crowd around the race .	2
<oov> around in the bathroom , toothpaste makeup !	reporters security around in the marathon .	2
<oov> around in the bathroom , toothpaste makeup !	nancy growing a red and white .	2
<oov> around in the bathroom , toothpaste makeup !	youngsters material around the opponent .	2
<oov> around in the bathroom , toothpaste makeup !	10 walking down in the mixer .	2
<oov> around in the bathroom , toothpaste makeup !	nancy hunt in a crowded . boy	2
<oov> around in the bathroom , toothpaste makeup !	kangaroo airplane in the bedroom .	2
<oov> around in the bathroom , toothpaste makeup !	he eats in some seafood .	2
<oov> around in the bathroom , toothpaste makeup !	toy waiting some in the asia .	2
<oov> around in the bathroom , toothpaste makeup !	might people riding in the office .	2
<oov> around in the bathroom , toothpaste makeup !	schoolgirls was around the race .	2
<oov> around in the bathroom , toothpaste makeup !	stray carries battle in the boxes .	2
<oov> around in the bathroom , toothpaste makeup !	there diver around in the kiosk . him	2
<oov> around in the bathroom , toothpaste makeup !	shoes string in the bedroom .	2
<oov> around in the bathroom , toothpaste makeup !	tables waiting around in the bedroom .	2
<oov> around in the bathroom , toothpaste makeup !	others are being in the ground .	2
<oov> around in the bathroom , toothpaste makeup !	swimmer around in the bedroom .	2
<oov> around in the bathroom , toothpaste makeup !	liquor crawls around in the bedroom .	2
<oov> around in the bathroom , toothpaste makeup !	billy nancy in a pristine .	2
<oov> around in the bathroom , toothpaste makeup !	nancy people gathered in the mouth .	2
<oov> around in the bathroom , toothpaste makeup !	mimes those in the olympics . as	0
<oov> around in the bathroom , toothpaste makeup !	there protesters around in helmets .	0
person in yellow t-shirt is sleeping .	a person is sleeping on a grassy park .	1
person in yellow t-shirt is sleeping .	a person is sleeping on a park bench .	1
person in yellow t-shirt is sleeping .	a person is sleeping on a park bench .	1
person in yellow t-shirt is sleeping .	a person is creating on a turban bench .	1
person in yellow t-shirt is sleeping .	a person is sleeping on a rocking bench .	1
person in yellow t-shirt is sleeping .	a person is examined . . man	0
person in yellow t-shirt is sleeping .	a person is napping . .	0
person in yellow t-shirt is sleeping .	a person is dancing at a rave .	2
person in yellow t-shirt is sleeping .	a person is dancing at a rave .	2
person in yellow t-shirt is sleeping .	a person is dancing at a rave .	2
person in yellow t-shirt is sleeping .	a boy is getting a maintenance .	2
person in yellow t-shirt is sleeping .	a person is dancing at a convention .	2
person in yellow t-shirt is sleeping .	a person is dancing at a mic .	2
person in yellow t-shirt is sleeping .	a person is dancing at a rave .	2
person in yellow t-shirt is sleeping .	a boy is getting a porsche .	2
person in yellow t-shirt is sleeping .	a person is dancing at a rave .	2
person in yellow t-shirt is sleeping .	a person is dancing at a rave .	2
person in yellow t-shirt is sleeping .	a person is dancing at a rave .	2
person in yellow t-shirt is sleeping .	a person is dancing at a rave .	2
person in yellow t-shirt is sleeping .	a boy is getting a slipped .	2
person in yellow t-shirt is sleeping .	a person is dancing at a mic .	2
person in yellow t-shirt is sleeping .	a boy is getting a brand .	2
person in yellow t-shirt is sleeping .	a person is dancing at a sample .	2
person in yellow t-shirt is sleeping .	a person is dancing at a rave .	2
person in yellow t-shirt is sleeping .	a person is getting a sample crying .	2
person in yellow t-shirt is sleeping .	a person is dancing at a rave .	2
person in yellow t-shirt is sleeping .	a person is dancing at a rave .	2
person in yellow t-shirt is sleeping .	a person is dancing at a rave .	2
person in yellow t-shirt is sleeping .	a person is dancing at a rave .	2
person in yellow t-shirt is sleeping .	a person is calling a wireless .	2
person in yellow t-shirt is sleeping .	a person is dancing at a rave .	2
person in yellow t-shirt is sleeping .	a person is dancing at a rave .	2
person in yellow t-shirt is sleeping .	a person is passing a wireless .	2
person in yellow t-shirt is sleeping .	a person is possibly a cheered .	2
person in yellow t-shirt is sleeping .	a person is dancing at a rave . .	2
person in yellow t-shirt is sleeping .	a person is dancing at a recital .	2
person in yellow t-shirt is sleeping .	a person is dancing at a rave .	2
person in yellow t-shirt is sleeping .	a boy is getting a rave .	2
person in yellow t-shirt is sleeping .	a boy is getting a cleaner .	2
person in yellow t-shirt is sleeping .	a person is dancing at a rave .	2
person in yellow t-shirt is sleeping .	a person is dancing at a rave .	2
person in yellow t-shirt is sleeping .	a person is dancing at a rave .	2
person in yellow t-shirt is sleeping .	a person is dancing at a rave .	2
person in yellow t-shirt is sleeping .	a person is dancing at a rave .	2
person in yellow t-shirt is sleeping .	a boy is dancing at a rave .	2
person in yellow t-shirt is sleeping .	a person is dancing at a rave .	2
person in yellow t-shirt is sleeping .	a person is dancing at a rave .	2
a man and a young girl swimming .	a man and girl does walk	0
a man and a young girl swimming .	a man and girl nicely	0
a man and a young girl swimming .	a man and girl does walk	0
a man and a young girl swimming .	a man and wife won	0
a man and a young girl swimming .	a man and girl burger	0
a man and a young girl swimming .	a man and girl burger	0
a man and a young girl swimming .	a man and genocide lifting	0
a man and a young girl swimming .	a man and girl does camera	0
a man and a young girl swimming .	a man and girl burger	0
a man and a young girl swimming .	a man and woman converse	0
a man and a young girl swimming .	a man and girl does picnic	0
a man and a young girl swimming .	a man and girl does walk	0
a man and a young girl swimming .	a man and woman crosses	0
a man and a young girl swimming .	a man and woman leashes	0
a man and a young girl swimming .	a man and woman nail	0
a man and a young girl swimming .	a man and girl were	0
a man and a young girl swimming .	a man and woman instead	0
a man and a young girl swimming .	a man and girl are	0
a man and a young girl swimming .	a man and girl read	0
a man and a young girl swimming .	a man and girl does walk	0
a man and a young girl swimming .	a father and daughter look together .	1
a man and a young girl swimming .	a father and daughter look out .	1
a man and a young girl swimming .	a father and daughter look out .	1
a man and a young girl swimming .	a father and daughter bud out .	1
man recording a video of a woman .	a woman being pushed by fliers a man .	0
man recording a video of a woman .	a woman being artistic is by a man .	0
a man and a woman cutting dough .	a mariachi and wife push pizza .	1
a man and a woman cutting dough .	a husband and wife push running .	1
a man and a woman cutting dough .	a husband and wife spiderman hats .	1
a man and a woman cutting dough .	a husband and wife ceo running . 's	1
a man and a woman cutting dough .	a husband and wife hike is running	1
a man and a woman cutting dough .	a husband and wife walk assist .	1
a man and a woman cutting dough .	a husband and wife involved home . frown	1
a man and a woman cutting dough .	a lost statue is making pizza .	1
a man and a woman cutting dough .	a husband and wife push pizza .	1
a man and a woman cutting dough .	a husband and wife hike home . of	1
a man and a woman cutting dough .	a husband and wife tokyo home . people	1
a man and a woman cutting dough .	a husband and wife come pizza . donkeys	1
a dog catching a frisbee .	an black bull is catching a disabled	0
a dog catching a frisbee .	an the player is made by her fans .	0
a dog catching a frisbee .	an old person is slowing with her umbrella .	0
a dog catching a frisbee .	an animal is making zips <oov> with	0
a dog catching a frisbee .	an boy is making destroy with her hobby .	0
a dog catching a frisbee .	an boy is making of paper the snack	0
a dog catching a frisbee .	an black until is making being carries .	0
a dog catching a frisbee .	an boy is making of children gather	0
a dog catching a frisbee .	a girl is owned extra with her parent .	0
a dog catching a frisbee .	an a cat is destroyed with her owner .	0
a dog catching a frisbee .	an a cat is heavily with her hobby	0
a dog catching a frisbee .	an animal is making destroys with her glove .	0
a dog catching a frisbee .	an little boy is taking with her kitten .	0
a dog catching a frisbee .	an young person is taking with her family .	0
a dog catching a frisbee .	the photo in is being held is hit .	2
a dog catching a frisbee .	an a garden is being escorted at camera .	2
a dog catching a frisbee .	a clock is being trained at a crowded center	2
a dog catching a frisbee .	the doberman is being trained at a crowded stadium	2
a dog catching a frisbee .	an engineer is being mirror at a drive .	2
a dog catching a frisbee .	an a cheerleader is being raises and cheering .	2
a dog catching a frisbee .	an arrangement is being trained at a crowded stadium	2
a dog catching a frisbee .	an adolescent is being led to catch out .	2
a dog catching a frisbee .	the author is small to sparks for dinner .	2
a dog catching a frisbee .	the setting is being trained to catch meal	2
a dog catching a frisbee .	an a garden is being showroom and working .	2
a dog catching a frisbee .	an adolescent walks is rushing to catch bone .	2
a dog catching a frisbee .	an scaling in a design is blocked .	2
a dog catching a frisbee .	an elephant is being trained at a crowded .	2
a dog catching a frisbee .	an a garden is being to catch bone	2
a dog catching a frisbee .	the roof is being to viewer a catch .	2
a dog catching a frisbee .	an intricate is being led style and hit .	2
a dog catching a frisbee .	an irish is being trained to catch lunch .	2
a dog catching a frisbee .	an man is being player to use rivals .	2
a dog catching a frisbee .	a video is being trained at a crowded room	2
a dog catching a frisbee .	an adolescent around being rap at a mountaintop .	2
a dog catching a frisbee .	the plumber is being to feed their meal .	2
a dog catching a frisbee .	the oriental is being to go into the powder	2
a dog catching a frisbee .	an a cheerleader is being player needs plays .	2
a dog catching a frisbee .	an elephant is being flamingo for the drive	2
a dog catching a frisbee .	an adolescent player is being passed to catch .	2
a dog catching a frisbee .	the kid is being operated to catch tickets .	2
a dog catching a frisbee .	the doberman is being trained at a bone .	2
a dog catching a frisbee .	a businessman is being trained at a crowded show	2
a dog catching a frisbee .	an a escalator is being gymnastics and fishing .	2
a dog catching a frisbee .	an array is being mirror at a drive .	2
people trying to get warm .	people are watching red on a train .	1
people trying to get warm .	people are outside on a wooden moutain .	1
people trying to get warm .	two men are on the slide .	1
people trying to get warm .	people are outside on a carriage pet .	1
people trying to get warm .	in men are on the boat alone .	1
people trying to get warm .	people are outside on a famous loudspeaker .	1
people trying to get warm .	people are outside on a carriage chair .	1
people trying to get warm .	people are watching their a book .	1
people trying to get warm .	people are outside on the boat alone .	1
people trying to get warm .	people are outside on the floors together .	1
people trying to get warm .	people are outside on a carriage pet .	1
people trying to get warm .	people are outside on a carriage archway .	1
people trying to get warm .	people are outside on a wooden floor .	1
people trying to get warm .	people are outside on a carriage pet .	1
people trying to get warm .	people are outside on a storefront day .	1
three women are dancing among the bamboo .	a group of men are fencing .	2
three women are dancing among the bamboo .	a group of men are fencing .	2
three women are dancing among the bamboo .	a group of men are fencing .	2
three women are dancing among the bamboo .	a group of men are fencing .	2
three women are dancing among the bamboo .	a group of men are fencing .	2
three women are dancing among the bamboo .	a group of men are fencing .	2
three women are dancing among the bamboo .	a tall man alongside a 5 . <oov>	2
three women are dancing among the bamboo .	a group of men are fencing .	2
three women are dancing among the bamboo .	a group of men are fencing .	2
three women are dancing among the bamboo .	a group of men are fencing .	2
three women are dancing among the bamboo .	a group of men are fencing .	2
three women are dancing among the bamboo .	a group of men are fencing .	2
three women are dancing among the bamboo .	a group of men are fencing .	2
three women are dancing among the bamboo .	a group play some are plying .	2
three women are dancing among the bamboo .	a group of men are fencing .	2
three women are dancing among the bamboo .	a group of men are fencing .	2
three women are dancing among the bamboo .	a group of men are fencing .	2
three women are dancing among the bamboo .	a group of men are fencing .	2
three women are dancing among the bamboo .	a group of men are fencing .	2
three women are dancing among the bamboo .	a group of men are fencing .	2
three women are dancing among the bamboo .	a group of men are fencing .	2
three women are dancing among the bamboo .	a group of men are fencing .	2
three women are dancing among the bamboo .	a group of men are fencing .	2
three women are dancing among the bamboo .	a group of men are fencing .	2
three women are dancing among the bamboo .	a group of men are fencing .	2
three women are dancing among the bamboo .	a group of men are fencing .	2
three women are dancing among the bamboo .	a group of men are fencing .	2
three women are dancing among the bamboo .	a group of men are fencing .	2
three women are dancing among the bamboo .	a group of men are fencing .	2
three women are dancing among the bamboo .	a cigarette group are lesbians africa . all	2
three women are dancing among the bamboo .	a group of men are fencing .	2
three women are dancing among the bamboo .	a men duo are vandalized onstage .	2
three women are dancing among the bamboo .	a group of men are fencing . fit	2
three women are dancing among the bamboo .	a group of men are fencing .	2
three women are dancing among the bamboo .	a group of men are fencing .	2
three women are dancing among the bamboo .	a group of men are fencing .	2
three women are dancing among the bamboo .	a group of men are fencing .	2
three women are dancing among the bamboo .	a group play are recording goals .	2
three women are dancing among the bamboo .	a group of men are fencing .	2
three women are dancing among the bamboo .	a group of men are fencing .	2
a sculptor wearing yellow headphones is cutting stone .	the man is running from the podium .	2
a sculptor wearing yellow headphones is cutting stone .	the man is running from the streets .	2
a sculptor wearing yellow headphones is cutting stone .	the man is running from the streets .	2
a sculptor wearing yellow headphones is cutting stone .	the man is running from the streets .	2
a sculptor wearing yellow headphones is cutting stone .	the man is running from the podium .	2
a man wearing black carving stone .	the man is wearing black . 's cost	2
a man wearing black carving stone .	the man is wearing white . to	2
a man wearing black carving stone .	the man is wearing white . to	2
a man wearing black carving stone .	the man is wearing white . to	2
a man wearing black carving stone .	a man is wearing black .	0
a man wearing black carving stone .	a man is drinking beer .	0
a man wearing black carving stone .	a man is wearing black .	0
a man wearing black carving stone .	a man is wearing black . at	0
a man wearing black carving stone .	a man is wearing black .	0
a man wearing black carving stone .	a man is drinking black . is	0
a man wearing black carving stone .	a man is wearing black .	0
a man wearing black carving stone .	a man is wearing black . to	0
a man wearing black carving stone .	a man is drinking beer .	0
a man wearing black carving stone .	a man is drinking beer .	0
a man wearing black carving stone .	a man is wearing black .	0
a man wearing black carving stone .	a man is wearing black .	0
a man wearing black carving stone .	a man is drinking beer .	0
a man wearing black carving stone .	a man is drinking a black .	0
a man wearing black carving stone .	a man is drinking beer .	0
a man wearing black carving stone .	a man is drinking beer .	0
a man wearing black carving stone .	a man is wearing black .	0
a man wearing black carving stone .	a man is wearing black . ,	0
a man wearing black carving stone .	a man is wearing black .	0
a man wearing black carving stone .	a man is wearing black . of	0
a man wearing black carving stone .	a man is wearing black . to	0
a man wearing black carving stone .	a man is wearing black .	0
a man wearing black carving stone .	a man is wearing black .	0
a man wearing black carving stone .	a man is wearing black . matt	0
a man wearing black carving stone .	a man is drinking beer .	0
a man wearing black carving stone .	a man is wearing black . of	0
a man wearing black carving stone .	a man is wearing black .	0
a man wearing black carving stone .	a man is wearing black . performing	0
a man wearing black carving stone .	a man is wearing black . to	0
a man wearing black carving stone .	a man is drinking beer .	0
a man wearing black carving stone .	a man is drinking beer .	0
a man wearing black carving stone .	a man is wearing black . donkeys	0
a man wearing black carving stone .	a man is drinking beer .	0
a man wearing black carving stone .	a man is wearing black . attach	0
a man wearing black carving stone .	a man is wearing black . a	0
a man wearing black carving stone .	a man is drinking beer .	0
a man wearing black carving stone .	a man is wearing black . appears	0
a man wearing black carving stone .	a man is drinking a beer .	0
a man wearing black carving stone .	a man is wearing black . attach	0
a man wearing black carving stone .	a man is wearing black . to	0
a man wearing black carving stone .	the people sitting is not .	1
several brides wearing white dresses are holding red roses	they are sadly .	1
several brides wearing white dresses are holding red roses	they are reaching .	1
several brides wearing white dresses are holding red roses	they are reaching . is piloting	1
several brides wearing white dresses are holding red roses	they are sisters .	1
several brides wearing white dresses are holding red roses	they are constructing .	1
several brides wearing white dresses are holding red roses	they are sisters .	1
several brides wearing white dresses are holding red roses	they are constructing .	1
several brides wearing white dresses are holding red roses	they are physically .	1
several brides wearing white dresses are holding red roses	they are unpaved .	1
several brides wearing white dresses are holding red roses	they are reviewing .	1
several brides wearing white dresses are holding red roses	they are sisters .	1
several brides wearing white dresses are holding red roses	they are sisters .	1
several brides wearing white dresses are holding red roses	they are pork .	1
several brides wearing white dresses are holding red roses	they are sisters .	1
several brides wearing white dresses are holding red roses	a city bareback .	1
several brides wearing white dresses are holding red roses	they ate are excited . .	1
several brides wearing white dresses are holding red roses	they are sisters .	1
several brides wearing white dresses are holding red roses	they are taking apart .	1
several brides wearing white dresses are holding red roses	they are sisters .	1
several brides wearing white dresses are holding red roses	they are sisters .	1
several brides wearing white dresses are holding red roses	they are stage . .	1
several brides wearing white dresses are holding red roses	there is a group of skiiers strawberries .	0
several brides wearing white dresses are holding red roses	there is a group of strangers of performers .	0
several brides wearing white dresses are holding red roses	there is a group of of 10 .	0
several brides wearing white dresses are holding red roses	there is a group of stores jungle .	0
several brides wearing white dresses are holding red roses	there is a group of tourists jackhammer .	0
several brides wearing white dresses are holding red roses	there is a group of strawberries vision .	0
a boy and girl kissing in the sunset .	a boy videotaping his cooking on the mound	1
a boy and girl kissing in the sunset .	a boy kisses his girlfriend on the beach .	1
a boy and girl kissing in the sunset .	a boy kisses his nice and dances cable .	1
a boy and girl kissing in the sunset .	a boy showing his doctor on the beach .	1
a boy and girl kissing in the sunset .	a boy kisses his samsung on the beach .	1
a boy and girl kissing in the sunset .	a boy kisses his pitchers and hurt a shakespeare	1
a boy and girl kissing in the sunset .	a boy kisses is his camera off the beach	2
a boy and girl kissing in the sunset .	a boy janitor is immigration and two animals .	2
a boy and girl kissing in the sunset .	a boy showing his laundry on the beach .	2
a boy and girl kissing in the sunset .	a boy is beer and his small coloring sidewalk	2
a boy and girl kissing in the sunset .	a boy decorates his dog is on its mother	2
a boy and girl kissing in the sunset .	a boy is filing his team on himself .	2
a boy and girl kissing in the sunset .	a boy figure is on the beach in	2
a boy and girl kissing in the sunset .	a grandma barbers bends his small and lunch .	2
a boy and girl kissing in the sunset .	a boy gets his dog on the beach .	2
a boy and girl kissing in the sunset .	a boy kisses is his team on at .	2
a boy and girl kissing in the sunset .	a boy is breakdances and boy playing his band	2
a boy and girl kissing in the sunset .	a boy kisses is his team on life .	2
a boy and girl kissing in the sunset .	a boy is turns his team on cellphones .	2
a boy and girl kissing in the sunset .	a boy gets his unknown on the beach	2
a boy and girl kissing in the sunset .	a boy is beer and his small beater	2
a boy and girl kissing in the sunset .	a butcher searches to go on the beach .	2
a boy and girl kissing in the sunset .	a boy is spiking on the beach sand	2
a boy and girl kissing in the sunset .	a boy dick is his team on circle .	2
a boy and girl kissing in the sunset .	a boy is softball his team with themselves .	2
a boy and girl kissing in the sunset .	a boy plugging is working on the beach	2
a boy and girl kissing in the sunset .	a boy hit spray on the beach is drift	2
a boy and girl kissing in the sunset .	a boy playground is sponsored his and sexy	2
a boy and girl kissing in the sunset .	a boy kisses is his camera for himself .	2
a boy and girl kissing in the sunset .	a boy demonstrates is touching his twists pictures .	2
a boy and girl kissing in the sunset .	a boy gets his flowers on the beach .	2
a boy and girl kissing in the sunset .	a boy delivers is well and watching france .	2
a boy and girl kissing in the sunset .	a boy is displaying his team with days	2
a boy and girl kissing in the sunset .	a boy kisses is immigration and driving over there	2
a boy and girl kissing in the sunset .	a boy kisses is their closing in beach	2
a boy and girl kissing in the sunset .	a boy showing his camera on the beach .	2
a boy and girl kissing in the sunset .	a boy gets ninjas his team on teams	2
a boy and girl kissing in the sunset .	a boy kisses is his team on windowsill .	2
a boy and girl kissing in the sunset .	a boy inspects is dead on the beach .	2
a boy and girl kissing in the sunset .	a boy gets ski-lift his team on pictures .	2
a boy and girl kissing in the sunset .	the people are kissing .	0
a boy and girl kissing in the sunset .	the people are emotional .	0
a boy and girl kissing in the sunset .	the people are lesbians .	0
a boy and girl kissing in the sunset .	the people are bored . `	0
a boy and girl kissing in the sunset .	the people are kissing .	0
a boy and girl kissing in the sunset .	the people are including .	0
a baby is eating <oov> cake very <oov> .	a homeless children expressions beer at the hats	1
a baby is eating <oov> cake very <oov> .	a bunch of teenagers text is celebrating the pro	1
a baby is eating <oov> cake very <oov> .	a guy is grieving drying about their daily off	1
a baby is eating <oov> cake very <oov> .	a guy is tasting firewood before and multiple .	1
a baby is eating <oov> cake very <oov> .	a baby is carrying eye and grey him waits	1
a baby is eating <oov> cake very <oov> .	a bunch of ladies waits about the jumping	1
a baby is eating <oov> cake very <oov> .	a bunch of teenagers spin dried is warm	1
a baby is eating <oov> cake very <oov> .	a baby eating strolls today to kill and dropped	1
a baby is eating <oov> cake very <oov> .	a bunch of teenagers karate attention is very cause	1
a baby is eating <oov> cake very <oov> .	a casual was north cancelled wives and pumpkins .	1
a baby is eating <oov> cake very <oov> .	there is graffiti amidst shut takeout the leftover man	1
a baby is eating <oov> cake very <oov> .	a baby took out where demolished and background .	1
a baby is eating <oov> cake very <oov> .	a baby eating american treeline stuff and computers	1
a baby is eating <oov> cake very <oov> .	a baby is coloring watching stores seated and <oov>	1
a baby is eating <oov> cake very <oov> .	a bunch of teenagers baring practicing is chicken .	1
a baby is eating <oov> cake very <oov> .	a firetruck guy is collecting furiously and pointing	1
a baby is eating <oov> cake very <oov> .	a baby is carrying yellow and shopping while yorkie	1
a baby is eating <oov> cake very <oov> .	a baby eating knocks cake to keep swim	1
a baby is eating <oov> cake very <oov> .	a dogs on path slowly to catch plants .	1
a baby is eating <oov> cake very <oov> .	a bunch of average is shirtless and sled .	1
a baby is eating <oov> cake very <oov> .	a guy is gliding cake down the beach .	1
a baby is eating <oov> cake very <oov> .	a teenager is carrying out something and crying .	1
a baby is eating <oov> cake very <oov> .	a indicating is laid country . is	0
a baby is eating <oov> cake very <oov> .	a windowsill pictures coloring <oov> . <oov>	0
a baby is eating <oov> cake very <oov> .	a dj eating explodes <oov> .	0
a baby is eating <oov> cake very <oov> .	a na leopard holding <oov> . to	0
a baby is eating <oov> cake very <oov> .	a zip cover make magic . <oov>	0
a baby is eating <oov> cake very <oov> .	a dj eating towers <oov> .	0
a baby is eating <oov> cake very <oov> .	a multicultural ring getting her . a	0
a baby is eating <oov> cake very <oov> .	a dj eating cake <oov> .	0
a baby is eating <oov> cake very <oov> .	a baby is a bare european . at	2
a baby is eating <oov> cake very <oov> .	a baby is a headdress steak .	2
a baby is eating <oov> cake very <oov> .	a baby is a bare style .	2
a baby is eating <oov> cake very <oov> .	a baby is a chemistry vaulting dinner .	2
a baby is eating <oov> cake very <oov> .	a baby is a frying learning dinner .	2
a baby is eating <oov> cake very <oov> .	a baby is a horsing ask .	2
a baby is eating <oov> cake very <oov> .	a baby is a chef steak .	2
a baby is eating <oov> cake very <oov> .	a baby and a both steak . to	2
a baby is eating <oov> cake very <oov> .	a baby is a bronze bull .	2
a baby is eating <oov> cake very <oov> .	a baby is a a steak .	2
a baby is eating <oov> cake very <oov> .	a baby is a st. steak .	2
a baby is eating <oov> cake very <oov> .	a baby is a south coconut .	2
a baby is eating <oov> cake very <oov> .	a baby is a set drive .	2
a baby is eating <oov> cake very <oov> .	a baby is a waking clears still .	2
a baby is eating <oov> cake very <oov> .	a baby is a gap vocal .	2
a baby is eating <oov> cake very <oov> .	a baby is a crushing steak .	2
a baby is eating <oov> cake very <oov> .	a baby is a western sea . <oov>	2
a baby is eating <oov> cake very <oov> .	a baby and a chef mounts .	2
a baby is eating <oov> cake very <oov> .	a dragging 's a movie of them .	2
a baby is eating <oov> cake very <oov> .	a baby is a tattoo slave .	2
a baby is eating <oov> cake very <oov> .	a baby is a tattoo learning .	2
a baby is eating <oov> cake very <oov> .	a baby is a surf style iphone .	2
a baby is eating <oov> cake very <oov> .	a baby is a robbery jacket .	2
a baby is eating <oov> cake very <oov> .	a baby is a a steak .	2
a baby is eating <oov> cake very <oov> .	a baby is a mobile second together .	2
a baby is eating <oov> cake very <oov> .	a baby is a western learning .	2
a baby is eating <oov> cake very <oov> .	a baby on a top of yacht .	2
a baby is eating <oov> cake very <oov> .	a baby is a sausages of grey .	2
a baby is eating <oov> cake very <oov> .	a baby is a kayak learning .	2
a baby is eating <oov> cake very <oov> .	a baby is a henna narrow garbage .	2
a baby is eating <oov> cake very <oov> .	a baby is a sweet learning dinner .	2
a baby is eating <oov> cake very <oov> .	a baby is a a steak .	2
a baby is eating <oov> cake very <oov> .	a baby is a chemistry learning dinner .	2
a baby is eating <oov> cake very <oov> .	a baby is a greets guide .	2
a baby is eating <oov> cake very <oov> .	a baby is a european learning .	2
a baby is eating <oov> cake very <oov> .	a woman is flying a steak .	2
a baby is eating <oov> cake very <oov> .	a baby is a tropical mother .	2
a baby is eating <oov> cake very <oov> .	a baby is a grandma learning dinner .	2
a baby is eating <oov> cake very <oov> .	a baby is a casual learning dinner .	2
a baby is eating <oov> cake very <oov> .	a baby on a a steak .	2
a gymnast using a set of <oov> bars .	a animal is performing for children .	1
a gymnast using a set of <oov> bars .	a firefighter is going with . a	1
a gymnast using a set of <oov> bars .	a young gymnast is performing . to	1
a gymnast using a set of <oov> bars .	a young gymnast is performing . <oov>	1
a gymnast using a set of <oov> bars .	a maker is performing outside . wait shopping	1
a gymnast using a set of <oov> bars .	a this is outside with flowers .	1
a gymnast using a set of <oov> bars .	a bicycle is touring in snow . a	1
a gymnast using a set of <oov> bars .	a bicycle is within a group .	1
a gymnast using a set of <oov> bars .	a squeezes is going to touch . a	1
a gymnast using a set of <oov> bars .	a young gymnast is performing .	1
a gymnast using a set of <oov> bars .	a hairdresser is knee with . a turkey	1
a gymnast using a set of <oov> bars .	a young gymnast is performing . to	1
a gymnast using a set of <oov> bars .	a young gymnast is performing . a	1
a gymnast using a set of <oov> bars .	a young gymnast is performing . to	1
a gymnast using a set of <oov> bars .	a young gymnast is performing . to	1
a gymnast using a set of <oov> bars .	a bicycle is within in snow .	1
a gymnast using a set of <oov> bars .	a young gymnast is performing . a	1
a gymnast using a set of <oov> bars .	a firefighter is phone in tonight . a	1
a gymnast using a set of <oov> bars .	a gathering is doing years children .	1
a gymnast using a set of <oov> bars .	a professional is going someone . <oov>	1
a gymnast using a set of <oov> bars .	a young gymnast is performing . a	1
a gymnast using a set of <oov> bars .	a gathering is going with . to	1
a gymnast using a set of <oov> bars .	a bicycle is touring its . a	1
a gymnast using a set of <oov> bars .	a gathering is performing outside . frown white	1
a gymnast using a set of <oov> bars .	a gathering is performing in snow .	1
a gymnast using a set of <oov> bars .	a young gymnast is performing . a	1
a gymnast using a set of <oov> bars .	a young gymnast is performing . is	1
a gymnast using a set of <oov> bars .	a coach is performing for children .	1
a gymnast using a set of <oov> bars .	a gathering is performing to pull . a	1
a gymnast using a set of <oov> bars .	a flock is struggling school .	1
a gymnast using a set of <oov> bars .	a goose is pitch with trampoline . a	1
a gymnast using a set of <oov> bars .	a starving is quickly studying . the	1
a gymnast using a set of <oov> bars .	a young gymnast is performing . car	1
a man wearing a black coat is walking .	a naked man is .	2
a man wearing a black coat is walking .	a man is home . of	1
a man wearing a black coat is walking .	a man is home sticks .	1
a man wearing a black coat is walking .	a man is home .	1
a man wearing a black coat is walking .	a man is home tongs . to	1
a man wearing a black coat is walking .	a man is home .	1
a man wearing a black coat is walking .	a man is home . a	1
a man wearing a black coat is walking .	a man is home harnessed . the	1
a man wearing a black coat is walking .	a man is home .	1
a man wearing a black coat is walking .	a man walking home quietly .	1
a man wearing a black coat is walking .	a man is home . a	1
a man wearing a black coat is walking .	a man walking home .	1
a man wearing a black coat is walking .	a man is home .	1
a man wearing a black coat is walking .	a man is home .	1
a man wearing a black coat is walking .	a man is home .	1
a man wearing a black coat is walking .	a man is home observing .	1
a man wearing a black coat is walking .	a man is home comfortably . donkeys	1
a man wearing a black coat is walking .	a man is home risers . guitarists	1
a man wearing a black coat is walking .	a man is home .	1
a man wearing a black coat is walking .	a man walking home .	1
a man wearing a black coat is walking .	a man is home .	1
a man wearing a black coat is walking .	a man is home .	1
a man wearing a black coat is walking .	a men walking home . people	1
a man wearing a black coat is walking .	a man is home sticks .	1
a man wearing a black coat is walking .	a man walking home .	1
a man wearing a black coat is walking .	a man is home .	1
a man wearing a black coat is walking .	a man is home . to	1
a man wearing a black coat is walking .	a man is home swept .	1
a man wearing a black coat is walking .	a man is home .	1
a man wearing a black coat is walking .	a man is home .	1
a man wearing a black coat is walking .	a man is home .	1
a man wearing a black coat is walking .	a man is home .	1
a man wearing a black coat is walking .	a man walking home .	1
a man wearing a black coat is walking .	a man is home .	1
a man wearing a black coat is walking .	a man is transporting home . people	1
a man wearing a black coat is walking .	a man is home hunting . 's	1
a man wearing a black coat is walking .	a man is home .	1
a man wearing a black coat is walking .	a man is home .	1
a man wearing a black coat is walking .	a man is home touching .	1
a man wearing a black coat is walking .	a man is a khaki coat .	0
a man wearing a black coat is walking .	a man is a medieval backdrop . \	0
a man wearing a black coat is walking .	a man is a medieval pie . frown	0
a man wearing a black coat is walking .	a man is a restaraunt pompoms .	0
a man wearing a black coat is walking .	a man is a medieval times .	0
a man wearing a black coat is walking .	a man is a tilted inside .	0
a man wearing a black coat is walking .	a man is a medieval times .	0
a man wearing a black coat is walking .	a man is a coffee tin .	0
a man wearing a black coat is walking .	a man is a loose shaved .	0
a man wearing a black coat is walking .	a man is a planned killing .	0
a man wearing a black coat is walking .	a man is a medieval receptionist . <oov>	0
a man wearing a black coat is walking .	a man is a medieval ritual . host	0
a man wearing a black coat is walking .	a man is a bank saris .	0
a man wearing a black coat is walking .	a man is a redheaded seesaw .	0
a man wearing a black coat is walking .	a man is a mansion firm . the	0
a man wearing a black coat is walking .	a man is a coat stool .	0
a man wearing a black coat is walking .	a man is a discus store . 's	0
a man wearing a black coat is walking .	a man is a medieval backdrop . sailing	0
a man wearing a black coat is walking .	a man is a coast coat . with	0
a man wearing a black coat is walking .	a man is a leaves .	0
a man wearing a black coat is walking .	a man is a postcards pie .	0
a man wearing a black coat is walking .	a man is a coffee shop . <oov>	0
a man wearing a black coat is walking .	a man sipping a customer hipster . boy	0
a man wearing a black coat is walking .	a man is a ukulele necklace . <oov>	0
a man wearing a black coat is walking .	a man is a constructed dumptruck .	0
a man wearing a black coat is walking .	a man is a medieval mane . to	0
a man wearing a black coat is walking .	a man is a coat notebook .	0
a man wearing a black coat is walking .	a man is a redheaded coat .	0
a group of children playing with props	the children are playing .	0
a group of children playing with props	the children are playing .	0
a group of children playing with props	the children are playing .	0
a group of children playing with props	the children are playing .	0
a group of children playing with props	the children are playing .	0
a group of children playing with props	the children are playing .	0
a group of children playing with props	the children are playing .	0
a group of children playing with props	the children are playing .	0
a group of children playing with props	the children are playing .	0
a group of children playing with props	the children are playing .	0
a group of children playing with props	the children are playing .	0
a group of children playing with props	the children are playing .	0
a group of children playing with props	the children are playing .	0
a group of children playing with props	the children are playing .	0
a group of children playing with props	the children are playing .	0
a group of children playing with props	the children are playing .	0
a group of children playing with props	the children are playing . away	0
a group of children playing with props	the children are playing .	0
a group of children playing with props	the children are playing .	0
a group of children playing with props	the children are playing . is	0
a group of children playing with props	the children are playing . is	0
a group of children playing with props	the children are playing .	0
a group of children playing with props	the children are playing .	0
a group of children playing with props	the children are playing . decoration	0
a group of children playing with props	the children are playing .	0
a group of children playing with props	the children are playing .	0
a group of children playing with props	the children are playing .	0
a group of children playing with props	the children are playing .	0
a group of children playing with props	the children are playing .	0
a group of children playing with props	the children are playing .	0
a group of children playing with props	the children are playing .	0
a group of children playing with props	the children are playing . to	0
a group of children playing with props	the children are playing .	0
a group of children playing with props	the children are playing .	0
a group of children playing with props	the children are playing .	0
a group of children playing with props	the children are playing .	0
a group of children playing with props	the children are playing .	0
a group of children playing with props	the children are playing .	0
a group of children playing with props	the children are playing .	0
a group of children playing with props	the children are playing . is	0
a group of children playing with props	the children are in a cage . at	1
a group of children playing with props	the children in a play . people	1
a group of children playing with props	the children are in a swimsuit .	1
a group of children playing with props	the children are in a play .	1
a group of children playing with props	the children are in a play .	1
a group of children playing with props	the children in a science play . people	1
a group of children playing with props	the children are in a play .	1
a group of children playing with props	the children are in a play .	1
a group of children playing with props	the children are in a backpack .	1
a group of children playing with props	the children are in a play .	1
a group of children playing with props	the children are in black . to	1
a group of children playing with props	the helicopter with odd legs treading sound .	1
a group of children playing with props	the woman with no mercedes bad surroundings .	1
a group of children playing with props	the woman is with panic buying ski .	1
a group of children playing with props	the woman is with monkeys ' tow .	1
a group of children playing with props	the arrival woman with leaves ski swamp .	1
a group of children playing with props	the woman with short makes sneakers all .	1
a group of children playing with props	the surfboard of darts while actually surroundings .	1
a group of children playing with props	the sign has two long fenced tired .	1
a group of children playing with props	the woman is with content machine juggling .	1
a group of children playing with props	the young person was 90 making dart .	1
a group of children playing with props	the woman is with cards because moves .	1
a group of children playing with props	the woman with trains someones weaving babysitter .	1
a group of children playing with props	the woman is with hiding helps naked .	1
a group of children playing with props	the woman with no odd legs attendants .	1
a group of children playing with props	the woman with coach is long tired .	1
a group of children playing with props	the woman is with great ski google .	1
a group of children playing with props	the young person was finished most intimate .	1
the squirrel sits straight up in the grass .	a squirrel runs through the potato .	2
the squirrel sits straight up in the grass .	a ridding outdoor above the backhoe .	2
the squirrel sits straight up in the grass .	a master runs around the martial .	2
the squirrel sits straight up in the grass .	a chevy runs in the grass .	2
the squirrel sits straight up in the grass .	a anchor runs through the images .	2
the squirrel sits straight up in the grass .	a craftsman competitor <oov> the sidewalk .	2
the squirrel sits straight up in the grass .	a matador runs with the livestock .	2
the squirrel sits straight up in the grass .	a outdoor runs around the feast .	2
the squirrel sits straight up in the grass .	a squirrel runs by the crowd .	2
the squirrel sits straight up in the grass .	a craftsman runs through the crowd . sewing	2
the squirrel sits straight up in the grass .	a craftsman fight <oov> one drinks .	2
the squirrel sits straight up in the grass .	a craftsman runs in the grass .	2
the squirrel sits straight up in the grass .	a company runs around the track .	2
the squirrel sits straight up in the grass .	a beaver runs and two others .	2
the squirrel sits straight up in the grass .	a eight runs with the joint .	2
the squirrel sits straight up in the grass .	a snowmobile horse is the grass .	2
the squirrel sits straight up in the grass .	a odd runs through the playing .	2
the squirrel sits straight up in the grass .	a nurse linen beats the campsite .	2
the squirrel sits straight up in the grass .	a craftsman runs through the hose .	2
the squirrel sits straight up in the grass .	a craftsman runs through the musicians .	2
the squirrel sits straight up in the grass .	a social runs through the gold .	2
the squirrel sits straight up in the grass .	a baby runs by the policemen .	2
the squirrel sits straight up in the grass .	a noise runs with the jockeys .	2
the squirrel sits straight up in the grass .	a lesbian runs in the grass .	2
the squirrel sits straight up in the grass .	a social runs with the director . guitar	2
the squirrel sits straight up in the grass .	a craftsman runs in the grass .	2
the squirrel sits straight up in the grass .	a hunting runs in the pot .	2
the squirrel sits straight up in the grass .	a gift runs in the pot .	2
the squirrel sits straight up in the grass .	a rowdy grabs <oov> the tunnel .	2
the squirrel sits straight up in the grass .	a matador runs in the grass .	2
the squirrel sits straight up in the grass .	a squirrel runs through the prodigy . lyrics	2
the squirrel sits straight up in the grass .	a craftsman runs in the grass .	2
the squirrel sits straight up in the grass .	a squirrel runs through the distance .	2
the squirrel sits straight up in the grass .	a multi-colored runs through the congregation .	2
the squirrel sits straight up in the grass .	a wade runs through the hose .	2
the squirrel sits straight up in the grass .	a pilot runs with the pup .	2
the squirrel sits straight up in the grass .	a hospital ridden is the ring .	2
the squirrel sits straight up in the grass .	a child sits in the grass .	0
the squirrel sits straight up in the grass .	a bucket sits on the beach .	0
the squirrel sits straight up in the grass .	a seal volleyball for the grass .	0
the squirrel sits straight up in the grass .	a surgeon sits in the grass .	0
the squirrel sits straight up in the grass .	a surgeon sits in the grass .	0
the squirrel sits straight up in the grass .	a child sits in the grass .	0
the squirrel sits straight up in the grass .	a celebrity sits in the grass .	0
the squirrel sits straight up in the grass .	a squirrel sits in the grass .	0
the squirrel sits straight up in the grass .	a baby sits in the grass .	0
a tour bus parked in a park .	there is a man loading by casino	0
a tour bus parked in a park .	there is a man by viewing beers	0
a tour bus parked in a park .	there is a man by swinging slush trees	0
a tour bus parked in a park .	there is a man by block injured trees .	0
a tour bus parked in a park .	there is a man by green diligently face	0
a tour bus parked in a park .	there is a man walks covered picture	0
a tour bus parked in a park .	there is a man prepping this car	0
a tour bus parked in a park .	the bicyclist is in a prison	2
a tour bus parked in a park .	the bicyclist is in a pool	2
a tour bus parked in a park .	the kayak is in a pool	2
a tour bus parked in a park .	the bicyclist is in a pool	2
a tour bus parked in a park .	the player is is shopping a pool	2
a tour bus parked in a park .	the bicyclist is in a pool	2
a tour bus parked in a park .	the bicyclist is in a pool	2
a tour bus parked in a park .	the bicyclist is in a sailor	2
a tour bus parked in a park .	the kayak is is a pool	2
a tour bus parked in a park .	the official is in a sailor	2
a tour bus parked in a park .	the bicyclist is in a dumpster	2
a tour bus parked in a park .	the world is is a pool	2
construction workers on lifts working on a building .	a lacrosse people standing on the building .	0
construction workers on lifts working on a building .	there are men working on the building .	0
construction workers on lifts working on a building .	there are men working on the building .	0
construction workers on lifts working on a building .	there are men working on the building .	0
construction workers on lifts working on a building .	there are men working on the red .	0
construction workers on lifts working on a building .	there are men working on a building .	0
construction workers on lifts working on a building .	there are men working on a building .	0
construction workers on lifts working on a building .	there are men working on the building .	0
construction workers on lifts working on a building .	there are men working on the building .	0
construction workers on lifts working on a building .	there are men working on the building .	0
construction workers on lifts working on a building .	a dog standing outside about the suitcase .	0
construction workers on lifts working on a building .	there are men working on a building .	0
construction workers on lifts working on a building .	there are men working on a building .	0
construction workers on lifts working on a building .	there are men working on the building .	0
construction workers on lifts working on a building .	a dog play to on a building .	0
construction workers on lifts working on a building .	a dog standing outside down the suitcase .	0
construction workers on lifts working on a building .	there are men working on a building .	0
construction workers on lifts working on a building .	there are men working on a building .	0
construction workers on lifts working on a building .	a dog standing to on a dalmatian .	0
construction workers on lifts working on a building .	there are men standing on the building .	0
construction workers on lifts working on a building .	there are men working on the building .	0
construction workers on lifts working on a building .	there are men working on the building .	0
construction workers on lifts working on a building .	a dog standing outside down the racetrack .	0
construction workers on lifts working on a building .	there are men working on the building .	0
construction workers on lifts working on a building .	a group is feeding groceries .	2
construction workers on lifts working on a building .	a group is feeding cars . a	2
construction workers on lifts working on a building .	a group is feeding tigers . a	2
construction workers on lifts working on a building .	a group is feeding poker .	2
a white woman waiting in line .	there move a crowd waiting for the event	1
a white woman waiting in line .	there is a crowd against a elbow girls	1
a white woman waiting in line .	there play a small game in midair .	1
a white woman waiting in line .	there is a crowd against an intimate sailing .	1
a white woman waiting in line .	there is a crowd against an perspective lasagna .	1
a white woman waiting in line .	there is a crowd of using the accident .	1
a white woman waiting in line .	there play a crowd for a community competition .	1
a white woman waiting in line .	there is a crowd within a shallow silence	1
a white woman waiting in line .	there play a small game of candles .	1
a white woman waiting in line .	there and a crowd against concrete the parade .	1
a white woman waiting in line .	there have a crowd meeting in the event	1
a white woman waiting in line .	there is a crowd against an intimate tear .	1
a white woman waiting in line .	there men have a skunk of using fabrics .	1
a white woman waiting in line .	there is a crowd who or a story .	1
a white woman waiting in line .	there play a small inflatable community 's friend .	1
a white woman waiting in line .	there play a photographer of vehicles from screens	1
a white woman waiting in line .	there baseball people a rare ride surfs bridge .	1
a white woman waiting in line .	there posing with a lasso examining away steakhouse	1
a white woman waiting in line .	there play a hairy waiting for the list	1
a white woman waiting in line .	there play a photographer together excercise sandwich he .	1
a white woman waiting in line .	there play a small game sleeps for tips	1
a white woman waiting in line .	there unknown a crowd of a billboard door !	1
a white woman waiting in line .	there play a strange for sport during shirts .	1
a white woman waiting in line .	there is a crowd against a pipe salmon .	1
a white woman waiting in line .	there is a crowd waiting for a procession	1
a white woman waiting in line .	there puts a crowd of using the schools	1
a white woman waiting in line .	there longing a crowd of using the dinosaurs .	1
a white woman waiting in line .	there baseball people a toyota id in section .	1
a white woman waiting in line .	there kids a crowd for a card bearer .	1
a white woman waiting in line .	there play a crowd for an undercover gift	1
a white woman waiting in line .	there play a photographer rare from the market .	1
a white woman waiting in line .	there play a small game of telephone tee	1
a white woman waiting in line .	there play a small game in detention deer .	1
a white woman waiting in line .	there play a crowd for a community bridge .	1
people are sitting at tables .	a man types touching of close .	2
people are sitting at tables .	a man types touching of close .	2
people are sitting at tables .	a man types photos of the masquerade .	2
people are sitting at tables .	a man touching four sun are upright .	2
people are sitting at tables .	a man takes photos of the moon .	2
people are sitting at tables .	a man types of bottles are minnesota .	2
people are sitting at tables .	a man types passionately of to ornaments .	2
people are sitting at tables .	a man types touching of molten shorts .	2
people are sitting at tables .	a man types photos of a close .	2
people are sitting at tables .	a man takes photos of the week .	2
people are sitting at tables .	a man takes photos of to tile .	2
people are sitting at tables .	a man types touching of the hawk .	2
people are sitting at tables .	a man takes photos of the masquerade .	2
people are sitting at tables .	a man types of vegetation a dog .	2
people are sitting at tables .	a man types photos of close slave .	2
people are sitting at tables .	a man types touching of close .	2
people are sitting at tables .	a man takes photos of the moon .	2
people are sitting at tables .	a man types of solid a traditional .	2
people are sitting at tables .	a man takes photos of the week .	2
people are sitting at tables .	a man takes photos of the moon .	2
people are sitting at tables .	a man types fabric of solid dog .	2
people are sitting at tables .	people are seated at a rude club .	0
people are sitting at tables .	people are seated at the yard club .	0
people are sitting at tables .	people are seated at a dragster club .	0
people are sitting at tables .	people are seated at a floating club .	0
people are sitting at tables .	people are seated at a concession cushion .	0
people are sitting at tables .	people are seated at a tiara king .	0
people are sitting at tables .	people are seated at a bunker club .	0
people are sitting at tables .	people are seated at a buggy club .	0
people are sitting at tables .	people are cheating at a photography terminal .	0
people are sitting at tables .	people are seated at a disney club .	0
people are sitting at tables .	people are seated at a feather rehearsal .	0
people are sitting at tables .	people are seated at a sparkling picasso .	0
people are sitting at tables .	people are seated at a medical accident .	0
people are sitting at tables .	people are seated at a martial club .	0
people are sitting at tables .	people are seated at a feast forrest .	0
people are sitting at tables .	people are seated at a disney club .	0
people are sitting at tables .	people are seated at a rooster club .	0
woman adjusting her eyeglasses .	a fuel today outside . carts dad	0
woman adjusting her eyeglasses .	woman greets her mother .	0
woman adjusting her eyeglasses .	a magician huddled <oov> .	0
woman adjusting her eyeglasses .	paintball and celebrities docked .	0
woman adjusting her eyeglasses .	a magician proximity <oov> .	0
woman adjusting her eyeglasses .	woman knee to <oov> .	0
woman adjusting her eyeglasses .	the door jumping around .	0
woman adjusting her eyeglasses .	the jugglers dice rolls . is	0
woman adjusting her eyeglasses .	a violin rolls her .	0
woman adjusting her eyeglasses .	woman splashes her aisle .	0
woman adjusting her eyeglasses .	contest off her labor .	0
woman adjusting her eyeglasses .	a joins and windows . is	0
woman adjusting her eyeglasses .	woman info to see .	0
woman adjusting her eyeglasses .	woman proudly to <oov> .	0
woman adjusting her eyeglasses .	woman wrestling to land .	0
woman adjusting her eyeglasses .	a door above <oov> .	0
woman adjusting her eyeglasses .	a high heels <oov> .	0
woman adjusting her eyeglasses .	woman demonstrates up is sailing .	0
woman adjusting her eyeglasses .	woman raft forward to .	0
woman adjusting her eyeglasses .	woman combing stories to .	0
woman adjusting her eyeglasses .	narrowly raising to birds .	0
woman adjusting her eyeglasses .	a magician admires birds . is	0
woman adjusting her eyeglasses .	woman likes up shoppers .	0
woman adjusting her eyeglasses .	a knight her bird .	0
woman adjusting her eyeglasses .	a vendor leads outside . is	0
woman adjusting her eyeglasses .	dinner preparing her purse .	0
woman adjusting her eyeglasses .	woman helping up his exam .	0
woman adjusting her eyeglasses .	woman fencers up his .	0
woman adjusting her eyeglasses .	vatican woman forward outside . research	0
a child looks at a cactus garden .	a human is looking through opening . tennis	0
a child looks at a cactus garden .	a human is looking through bicycle . at	0
a child looks at a cactus garden .	a human is looking through laps .	0
a child looks at a cactus garden .	a human is looking to carve .	0
a child looks at a cactus garden .	a human is looking through bicycle .	0
a child looks at a cactus garden .	a human is staring at clear .	0
a child looks at a cactus garden .	a human is looking at plants .	0
a child looks at a cactus garden .	a human is looking through rapids .	0
a child looks at a cactus garden .	a human is looking through airborne .	0
a child looks at a cactus garden .	a firefighter is looking through bicycle .	0
a child looks at a cactus garden .	a human is looking through balance . 's	0
a child looks at a cactus garden .	a human is looking through safely .	0
a child looks at a cactus garden .	a human is looking through airborne .	0
a child looks at a cactus garden .	a human is looking through old .	0
a child looks at a cactus garden .	a human is looking through costumes .	0
a man wearing a hat and carrying a bag	a woman is entertaining pink ponies .	2
a man wearing a hat and carrying a bag	a man is entertaining empty handed . woman	2
a man wearing a hat and carrying a bag	a woman is entertaining empty . `	2
a man wearing a hat and carrying a bag	a man is entertaining pink ponies .	2
a man wearing a hat and carrying a bag	a woman is entertaining empty . is	2
a man wearing a hat and carrying a bag	a woman is entertaining empty . is	2
a man wearing a hat and carrying a bag	a man is carrying a bag .	0
a man wearing a hat and carrying a bag	a group is carrying a huddle .	0
a man wearing a hat and carrying a bag	a group is <oov> a fumble .	0
a man wearing a hat and carrying a bag	a group is carrying a bag .	0
a man wearing a hat and carrying a bag	a group is carrying a bag . for	0
a man wearing a hat and carrying a bag	a man is carrying a bag .	0
three men are looking forward and laughing .	a younger men laughing with a homemade separately .	1
three men are looking forward and laughing .	three woman screams while playing a control joke .	1
three men are looking forward and laughing .	a three woman wearing a motocross cinema	1
three men are looking forward and laughing .	two dog men eating releases a bush	1
three men are looking forward and laughing .	young men laughing are playing with a skateboarder	1
three men are looking forward and laughing .	two commuters men eating a potato of fish .	1
three men are looking forward and laughing .	a three poodles man with a helicopter campfire .	1
three men are looking forward and laughing .	a group guys are eating near a log .	1
three men are looking forward and laughing .	a three woman wearing a circle on bikes .	1
three men are looking forward and laughing .	three woman knees play near a skate park .	1
three men are looking forward and laughing .	street requires did there watching a fun forest .	1
three men are looking forward and laughing .	a laughing man flips a rug over	1
three men are looking forward and laughing .	young man laughing a 4th of a skateboarder	1
three men are looking forward and laughing .	young men are laughing at a puppy .	1
three men are looking forward and laughing .	a three white man playing on a turntable	1
three men are looking forward and laughing .	three woman men attend a math on bars .	1
three men are looking forward and laughing .	a younger men eating with a utensil sombrero .	1
three men are looking forward and laughing .	a three woman wearing a rotating standing indoors	1
three men are looking forward and laughing .	young men laughing are playing with a crackers	1
three men are looking forward and laughing .	two men are laughing at a joke joke .	1
three men are looking forward and laughing .	two men laughing are playing with a skateboarder .	1
three men are looking forward and laughing .	three woman covered men eating with a cow .	1
three men are looking forward and laughing .	a younger men standing near a skate fishing .	1
three men are looking forward and laughing .	three woman has a circle on a platform .	1
three men are looking forward and laughing .	a group kissing a person on a fence .	1
three men are looking forward and laughing .	a three pitbulls man flips a alleyway .	1
three men are looking forward and laughing .	two men kickboxing a long woman riding onlookers .	1
three men are looking forward and laughing .	street artists has a spider eating a terrible	1
three men are looking forward and laughing .	a younger men standing near a skate playground .	1
people standing at street corner in france .	the girl people outside . .	0
people standing at street corner in france .	the girl has outside . boy is	0
people standing at street corner in france .	the girl has outside . . turkey	0
people standing at street corner in france .	the girl people outside . `	0
people standing at street corner in france .	the girl has outside . . turkey	0
people standing at street corner in france .	there are people outside . .	0
people standing at street corner in france .	the girl has outside . . turkey	0
people standing at street corner in france .	the girl people outside . to	0
people standing at street corner in france .	the girl people outside . is	0
people standing at street corner in france .	the girl is outside . .	0
people standing at street corner in france .	the girl people outside . and strategy	0
people standing at street corner in france .	the girl is outside . .	0
people standing at street corner in france .	the girl has outside . has	0
people standing at street corner in france .	the girl has outside . hoping barbies	0
people standing at street corner in france .	the girl is outside . .	0
people standing at street corner in france .	the girl is outside . .	0
people standing at street corner in france .	there the people outside .	0
people standing at street corner in france .	the girl is outside . . turkey	0
people standing at street corner in france .	there woman and trick-or-treating . people	0
people standing at street corner in france .	there woman is outside . .	0
people standing at street corner in france .	the girl is outside . .	0
people standing at street corner in france .	the girl has outside . .	0
people standing at street corner in france .	the girl people outside . to	0
people standing at street corner in france .	there woman is outside . to church	0
people standing at street corner in france .	the girl has outside . to snowing	0
people standing at street corner in france .	there the people outside .	0
people standing at street corner in france .	the girl has outside . .	0
people standing at street corner in france .	the girl people outside . is	0
people standing at street corner in france .	there are people outside . .	0
people standing at street corner in france .	the girl people outside . is	0
people standing at street corner in france .	there are people outside . .	0
people standing at street corner in france .	the girl people outside . is	0
people standing at street corner in france .	there woman is outside . .	0
people standing at street corner in france .	the girl people outside . `	0
people standing at street corner in france .	the girl people outside .	0
people standing at street corner in france .	there the people outside .	0
three children in bathing suits are playing in foam	some the machinery is in his sons .	0
three children in bathing suits are playing in foam	some the kids is in canada rv	0
three children in bathing suits are playing in foam	a bird is partially some white	0
three children in bathing suits are playing in foam	a bird is freezing in some dusty	0
three children in bathing suits are playing in foam	a bird is swimming in his mouth	0
three children in bathing suits are playing in foam	the headdress is printing in white sailing .	0
three children in bathing suits are playing in foam	a bird is partially on some music .	0
three children in bathing suits are playing in foam	a bird is emerging in white	0
three children in bathing suits are playing in foam	the bird is on having in snow	0
three children in bathing suits are playing in foam	the some is standing in tall puddle	0
three children in bathing suits are playing in foam	some the man is in his babysitter	0
commuters wait for to cross a street .	there are a man . <oov> old	0
commuters wait for to cross a street .	there are a street . .	0
commuters wait for to cross a street .	there are a street . .	0
commuters wait for to cross a street .	there are a street . . a	0
commuters wait for to cross a street .	there are a street . . a	0
commuters wait for to cross a street .	there are a street . .	0
commuters wait for to cross a street .	there are a zombie . .	0
commuters wait for to cross a street .	there are men rides . .	0
commuters wait for to cross a street .	there are a street . . .	0
commuters wait for to cross a street .	there are a bait . a fox	0
commuters wait for to cross a street .	there are a bar . .	0
commuters wait for to cross a street .	there are a street . . <oov>	0
commuters wait for to cross a street .	there are a street . .	0
commuters wait for to cross a street .	there are a street . . bike	0
commuters wait for to cross a street .	there are a street . .	0
commuters wait for to cross a street .	there are a bar . a seat	0
commuters wait for to cross a street .	there are a street . .	0
commuters wait for to cross a street .	there are a street . .	0
commuters wait for to cross a street .	there are a street . . a	0
commuters wait for to cross a street .	there are men rides .	0
commuters wait for to cross a street .	there are a street . .	0
commuters wait for to cross a street .	there are a street . . <oov>	0
commuters wait for to cross a street .	there are men rides . a	0
commuters wait for to cross a street .	there are a street . .	0
commuters wait for to cross a street .	there are men board . .	0
commuters wait for to cross a street .	there are a street . . .	0
commuters wait for to cross a street .	there are a street . .	0
commuters wait for to cross a street .	there are a street . .	0
commuters wait for to cross a street .	there are a street . . outside	0
commuters wait for to cross a street .	there are a street . .	0
commuters wait for to cross a street .	there are a street . .	0
commuters wait for to cross a street .	there are a street . .	0
commuters wait for to cross a street .	there are men bull . .	0
commuters wait for to cross a street .	there are a bar . ' outside	0
commuters wait for to cross a street .	there are a street . .	0
commuters wait for to cross a street .	there are a street . .	0
commuters wait for to cross a street .	there are a street . . onward	0
person parasailing with a board in the ocean .	a younger hawaii is dry . is	2
person parasailing with a board in the ocean .	a younger plays volleyball daughters .	2
person parasailing with a board in the ocean .	a younger roller is vaulting .	2
person parasailing with a board in the ocean .	a nature is exploring shivering . obviously	2
person parasailing with a board in the ocean .	a younger chemistry love played .	2
person parasailing with a board in the ocean .	a younger color is hurting .	2
person parasailing with a board in the ocean .	a mechanic and lincoln election celebrating . <oov>	2
person parasailing with a board in the ocean .	the runner is co-ed roped off .	2
person parasailing with a board in the ocean .	a younger gentleman is casually .	2
person parasailing with a board in the ocean .	a blacksmith did leading umpire .	2
person parasailing with a board in the ocean .	a younger sound is unsupervised . a	2
person parasailing with a board in the ocean .	a younger wrestler enjoys dry . to	2
person parasailing with a board in the ocean .	a younger trio is experienced .	2
person parasailing with a board in the ocean .	a color is exploring minute . a	2
person parasailing with a board in the ocean .	a veteran painted is helping cameras .	2
person parasailing with a board in the ocean .	a younger gentleman danced readying .	2
person parasailing with a board in the ocean .	this person is ordering dinning .	2
person parasailing with a board in the ocean .	a groomsmen plays turkey casually .	2
person parasailing with a board in the ocean .	a younger plays monopoly policemen .	2
person parasailing with a board in the ocean .	a veteran color is reflective .	2
person parasailing with a board in the ocean .	a younger ordering bride meowing . is	2
person parasailing with a board in the ocean .	a german shepherd just perfectly cargo . people	2
person parasailing with a board in the ocean .	a cyclist enjoys tea planks bride .	2
person parasailing with a board in the ocean .	a uniformed is exploring casually . to	2
person parasailing with a board in the ocean .	a younger plays baseball indoor vendor . woody run	2
two men fixing a bicycle .	a boy working a bicycle . to	0
two men fixing a bicycle .	two men are posing to church . came	0
two men fixing a bicycle .	two men are posing to . donkeys is	0
two men fixing a bicycle .	two men are posing to . <oov> cloths	0
two men fixing a bicycle .	two men are fix a bicycle .	0
two men fixing a bicycle .	two men are fix a teacher .	0
two men fixing a bicycle .	two men are attacking a bicycle .	0
two men fixing a bicycle .	two men are fix a bicycle .	0
two men fixing a bicycle .	a teller men are hiking .	0
two men fixing a bicycle .	two men are batter a bicycle .	0
two men fixing a bicycle .	two men are fix a .	0
two men fixing a bicycle .	two men are attacking a bicycle .	0
two men fixing a bicycle .	a boy working a pig . to a	0
two men fixing a bicycle .	two men are fix a bicycle .	0
two men fixing a bicycle .	two men are fix a bicycle .	0
two men fixing a bicycle .	a boy working a bicycle . to a	0
two men fixing a bicycle .	two men are posing bicycle . of a	0
two men fixing a bicycle .	a teller men inside a bicycle .	0
two men fixing a bicycle .	two men are posing to scale . ingredients picture	0
two men fixing a bicycle .	a group ate down a museum line .	2
two men fixing a bicycle .	a group is on a motorcycle ride .	2
two men fixing a bicycle .	two men protesting on a bike ride .	2
two men fixing a bicycle .	a group work on a motorcycle ride .	2
two men fixing a bicycle .	a group is brand on a motorcycle .	2
two men fixing a bicycle .	a group is rather on a motorcycle .	2
two men fixing a bicycle .	two men work on a bike ride .	2
two men fixing a bicycle .	a group is on a motorcycle line .	2
two men fixing a bicycle .	a group is together on a motorcycle .	2
two men fixing a bicycle .	a tall talking on a motorcycle ride .	2
two men fixing a bicycle .	a group work on a motorcycle ride .	2
two men fixing a bicycle .	a group is on a motorcycle ride .	2
two men fixing a bicycle .	a group stopped on a motorcycle ride .	2
two men fixing a bicycle .	a group is on a motorcycle ride . .	2
two men fixing a bicycle .	a group work on a motorcycle line .	2
two men fixing a bicycle .	a puppeteer is together on a motorcycle .	2
two men fixing a bicycle .	a group is on a motorcycle ride .	2
two men fixing a bicycle .	a group biker is on a motorcycle .	2
two men fixing a bicycle .	two men work on a motorcycle ride .	2
two men fixing a bicycle .	a group is on a motorcycle line .	2
two men fixing a bicycle .	a group work on a motorcycle ride . a	2
two men fixing a bicycle .	a group is on a motorcycle ride .	2
two men fixing a bicycle .	a group working on a motorcycle .	2
two men fixing a bicycle .	a group is on a motorcycle ride .	2
two men fixing a bicycle .	a group work on a motorcycle ride . .	2
two men fixing a bicycle .	a group is on a motorcycle ride .	2
two men fixing a bicycle .	a group is on a motorcycle outside .	2
two men fixing a bicycle .	a group is on a motorcycle ride .	2
two men fixing a bicycle .	a group is on a motorcycle show .	2
two men fixing a bicycle .	a group posing is on a motorcycle .	2
two men fixing a bicycle .	two men row on a motorcycle ride .	2
two men fixing a bicycle .	a group work on a motorcycle ride .	2
two men fixing a bicycle .	a group working on a motorcycle .	2
two men fixing a bicycle .	a men flip-flop on a motorcycle ride .	2
two men fixing a bicycle .	a group is on a motorcycle ride .	2
two men fixing a bicycle .	a group is on a motorcycle ride .	2
two men fixing a bicycle .	a dead female is scowling . and	0
two men fixing a bicycle .	a dead female is scowling . and	0
two men fixing a bicycle .	a dead musician is graduating .	0
two men fixing a bicycle .	a teller is hiking their room .	0
two men fixing a bicycle .	the young female is cycling . is	0
two men fixing a bicycle .	a dead posing is thirsty . people	0
two men fixing a bicycle .	a dude is asleep their . people	0
two men fixing a bicycle .	a teller is attacking his home .	0
two men fixing a bicycle .	a musician is working on .	0
two men fixing a bicycle .	a teller is attacking their .	0
two men fixing a bicycle .	the young woman is working .	0
two men fixing a bicycle .	a animal is working on .	0
two men fixing a bicycle .	a dead female is scowling . `	0
two men fixing a bicycle .	a cadet is working angrily .	0
two men fixing a bicycle .	a teller is attacking their . biplane	0
two men walking in summer attire .	two men are walking . .	0
two men walking in summer attire .	a people are wearing .	0
two men walking in summer attire .	two men are walking . .	0
two men walking in summer attire .	two men are walking . .	0
two fans are cheering at a sporting event .	few doing are size for their class .	2
two fans are cheering at a sporting event .	her dog are bored for their friend .	2
two fans are cheering at a sporting event .	her dog adults for their first rode .	2
two fans are cheering at a sporting event .	motorcycle has a bunch on their gym .	2
two fans are cheering at a sporting event .	few people are doing their makeup .	2
two fans are cheering at a sporting event .	rural ma are doing their class .	2
two fans are cheering at a sporting event .	traditional <oov> are sitting for their friends .	2
two fans are cheering at a sporting event .	three black and doing smoke their turn .	2
two fans are cheering at a sporting event .	few people are doing their lives .	2
two fans are cheering at a sporting event .	few people are doing their phones .	2
two fans are cheering at a sporting event .	klein are doing two for their duties .	2
two fans are cheering at a sporting event .	toe young adults are dancing for their offices	2
two fans are cheering at a sporting event .	several adults are doing their makeup .	2
two fans are cheering at a sporting event .	three black and battle miles their lives .	2
two fans are cheering at a sporting event .	few doing are size for their turn .	2
two fans are cheering at a sporting event .	go-cart <oov> are doing their makeup .	2
two fans are cheering at a sporting event .	few doing are size for their motorcycles .	2
two fans are cheering at a sporting event .	doing <oov> are available for their friend .	2
two fans are cheering at a sporting event .	few people are doing their annual .	2
two fans are cheering at a sporting event .	few doing are size for their duties .	2
two fans are cheering at a sporting event .	her dog are doing yoga their families .	2
two fans are cheering at a sporting event .	few doing are size for their class .	2
two fans are cheering at a sporting event .	those <oov> are sitting for their shoes .	2
two fans are cheering at a sporting event .	few young people are doing their class .	2
two fans are cheering at a sporting event .	three males are doing their pen .	2
two fans are cheering at a sporting event .	few doing are size for their class .	2
two fans are cheering at a sporting event .	few doing are young equestrian sits .	2
two fans are cheering at a sporting event .	aloud <oov> are employees for their shoes .	2
two fans are cheering at a sporting event .	those microphone are doing their lives .	2
two fans are cheering at a sporting event .	people are making contact stew .	0
two fans are cheering at a sporting event .	two people are making snap . group an	0
two fans are cheering at a sporting event .	woman ma monitoring a performance . side	0
two fans are cheering at a sporting event .	there are girls enjoys swings .	0
two fans are cheering at a sporting event .	two girls are making noises . from	0
two fans are cheering at a sporting event .	two people are making s . to a girl	0
two fans are cheering at a sporting event .	their people are physically news . contestants two	0
two fans are cheering at a sporting event .	woman dressed in first place .	0
two fans are cheering at a sporting event .	there are girls exchanging fire . at	0
two fans are cheering at a sporting event .	there are <oov> officers speaking . <oov>	0
two fans are cheering at a sporting event .	two people are making juggle .	0
two fans are cheering at a sporting event .	two people are making president . across	0
two fans are cheering at a sporting event .	there are girls acrobats stand . group wives	0
two fans are cheering at a sporting event .	there are <oov> planning techniques .	0
two fans are cheering at a sporting event .	two girls are making earphones . a	0
two fans are cheering at a sporting event .	there are girls acrobats photographs . at a	0
two fans are cheering at a sporting event .	two people are making stations . some	0
two fans are cheering at a sporting event .	there are adults pirates arts . across	0
two fans are cheering at a sporting event .	two girls are making noises . kids	0
two fans are cheering at a sporting event .	there are <oov> synchronized coffee . frown	0
two fans are cheering at a sporting event .	there are their face deal . came boy	0
two fans are cheering at a sporting event .	there are <oov> kissed sweets .	0
two fans are cheering at a sporting event .	there are girls build file . <oov>	0
two fans are cheering at a sporting event .	there are chess 15 games . boy girls	0
two fans are cheering at a sporting event .	there are girls crossed leaves . .	0
two fans are cheering at a sporting event .	people are fun for mountains . a	0
two fans are cheering at a sporting event .	two people are making noises .	0
two fans are cheering at a sporting event .	there are orange bowling , . celtic	0
two fans are cheering at a sporting event .	there are girls visiting this . <oov>	0
two fans are cheering at a sporting event .	there are chess physically video . to a	0
two fans are cheering at a sporting event .	two people are making smoke . a	0
two fans are cheering at a sporting event .	there are adults camping photographs . <oov>	0
two fans are cheering at a sporting event .	there are hooking lifting models .	0
two fans are cheering at a sporting event .	there are adults sculpts youngsters . woman	0
two fans are cheering at a sporting event .	there are girls crossed mops . cross eating	0
two fans are cheering at a sporting event .	there are girls palying auction . people	0
two fans are cheering at a sporting event .	there are two males , . harm boys	0
two fans are cheering at a sporting event .	there are <oov> hearing swings . a	0
a person swimming in a swimming pool .	a person is grabbing the cold .	1
a person swimming in a swimming pool .	a person is grabbing the boat	1
a person swimming in a swimming pool .	a person is grabbing the cold	1
gentleman sketching on brown paper at christmas .	a man is <oov> playboy .	0
gentleman sketching on brown paper at christmas .	a man is on paper .	0
gentleman sketching on brown paper at christmas .	a man is <oov> sushi .	0
gentleman sketching on brown paper at christmas .	a man is on paper .	0
gentleman sketching on brown paper at christmas .	a man is <oov> on .	0
gentleman sketching on brown paper at christmas .	a man is <oov> trail .	0
gentleman sketching on brown paper at christmas .	the man is on paper . a	0
gentleman sketching on brown paper at christmas .	a man is <oov> animals .	0
gentleman sketching on brown paper at christmas .	a man is <oov> swimmers .	0
gentleman sketching on brown paper at christmas .	a man is <oov> on .	0
gentleman sketching on brown paper at christmas .	a man is <oov> old .	0
gentleman sketching on brown paper at christmas .	a man is <oov> animals .	0
gentleman sketching on brown paper at christmas .	a man is <oov> old .	0
gentleman sketching on brown paper at christmas .	a man is on paper .	0
gentleman sketching on brown paper at christmas .	a man is <oov> stamps .	0
gentleman sketching on brown paper at christmas .	a man is <oov> on .	0
gentleman sketching on brown paper at christmas .	a man is <oov> cable .	0
gentleman sketching on brown paper at christmas .	a man is <oov> on .	0
gentleman sketching on brown paper at christmas .	a man is <oov> doghouse . with	0
gentleman sketching on brown paper at christmas .	a man is <oov> comic .	0
gentleman sketching on brown paper at christmas .	a man is <oov> animals .	0
gentleman sketching on brown paper at christmas .	a man is <oov> rain .	0
gentleman sketching on brown paper at christmas .	a man is <oov> old .	0
gentleman sketching on brown paper at christmas .	a man is <oov> cable .	0
gentleman sketching on brown paper at christmas .	a man is <oov> rain . in	0
gentleman sketching on brown paper at christmas .	a man is <oov> sushi .	0
gentleman sketching on brown paper at christmas .	a man is <oov> site .	0
gentleman sketching on brown paper at christmas .	a man is <oov> old .	0
gentleman sketching on brown paper at christmas .	a man is <oov> / .	0
gentleman sketching on brown paper at christmas .	a man is <oov> site . a	0
gentleman sketching on brown paper at christmas .	a man is <oov> on .	0
gentleman sketching on brown paper at christmas .	a man is on paper .	0
gentleman sketching on brown paper at christmas .	a man is on paper .	0
gentleman sketching on brown paper at christmas .	the man <oov> on some his trays .	1
gentleman sketching on brown paper at christmas .	what man <oov> on the head effect ?	1
gentleman sketching on brown paper at christmas .	what <oov> does <oov> on the rooftop ?	1
gentleman sketching on brown paper at christmas .	a <oov> man on her own simple .	1
gentleman sketching on brown paper at christmas .	a man <oov> on her pump nest .	1
gentleman sketching on brown paper at christmas .	the man <oov> on tree the stage .	1
gentleman sketching on brown paper at christmas .	a man <oov> on her orders product .	1
gentleman sketching on brown paper at christmas .	a man <oov> on her small guitar .	1
gentleman sketching on brown paper at christmas .	<oov> man on <oov> rail the hall .	1
gentleman sketching on brown paper at christmas .	<oov> man on <oov> small his instrument .	1
gentleman sketching on brown paper at christmas .	the man <oov> on paper the banners .	1
gentleman sketching on brown paper at christmas .	the man <oov> on rollerskates to banners .	1
gentleman sketching on brown paper at christmas .	the man <oov> on some softly ` .	1
gentleman sketching on brown paper at christmas .	the man <oov> on paper to stage .	1
gentleman sketching on brown paper at christmas .	the man <oov> on some pavement horses .	1
gentleman sketching on brown paper at christmas .	<oov> man on <oov> phone the sandwich .	1
gentleman sketching on brown paper at christmas .	the man <oov> on paper to banners .	1
gentleman sketching on brown paper at christmas .	<oov> man on the <oov> snake sauce .	1
gentleman sketching on brown paper at christmas .	a man <oov> on her carpet toilet .	1
gentleman sketching on brown paper at christmas .	the woman danced on poles .	2
gentleman sketching on brown paper at christmas .	a woman drills on canvas .	2
gentleman sketching on brown paper at christmas .	a woman solders on asphalt .	2
gentleman sketching on brown paper at christmas .	the woman checks on canvas .	2
a woman in an office making a phone call	a woman is making a rare .	1
a woman in an office making a phone call	a woman is making a sushi .	1
a woman in an office making a phone call	a woman is making a call .	1
a woman in an office making a phone call	a woman is making a lunchbox .	1
a woman in an office making a phone call	a woman is making a call .	1
a woman in an office making a phone call	a woman is making a torch .	1
a woman in an office making a phone call	a woman is making a rare .	1
a woman in an office making a phone call	a woman is making a toyota .	1
a woman in an office making a phone call	a woman is making a rare .	1
a woman in an office making a phone call	a woman is making a package .	1
a woman in an office making a phone call	a woman is making a call .	1
a woman in an office making a phone call	a woman is making a normal .	1
a woman in an office making a phone call	a woman is making a sandwiches .	1
a woman in an office making a phone call	a woman is making a blouse .	1
a woman in an office making a phone call	a woman is making a macaroni call .	1
a woman in an office making a phone call	a woman is making a pick-up .	1
a woman in an office making a phone call	a woman is making a rare .	1
a woman in an office making a phone call	a woman is making a martini .	1
a woman in an office making a phone call	a woman is making a call .	1
a woman in an office making a phone call	a woman is making a curtains .	1
a woman in an office making a phone call	a woman is making a atrium .	1
a woman in an office making a phone call	a woman is making a toast .	1
a woman in an office making a phone call	a woman is making a sandwiches .	1
a woman in an office making a phone call	a woman is making a sandwiches .	1
a woman in an office making a phone call	a woman is making a sweets .	1
a woman in an office making a phone call	a woman is making a call .	1
a woman in an office making a phone call	a woman is making a rare phone .	1
a woman in an office making a phone call	a woman is making a giraffe .	1
a woman in an office making a phone call	a woman is making a campaign .	1
a woman in an office making a phone call	a woman is making a package .	1
a woman in an office making a phone call	a woman is making a martini .	1
a woman in an office making a phone call	a woman is making a leash .	1
a woman in an office making a phone call	a woman is making a call .	1
a woman in an office making a phone call	a woman is making a classroom .	1
a woman in an office making a phone call	a woman is making a sandwiches .	1
a woman in an office making a phone call	a woman is making a belt .	1
a woman in an office making a phone call	a woman is making a rare .	1
a woman in an office making a phone call	a woman is sleeping in an .	2
the large white bird <oov> the water .	the cat is in a grey printer	2
the large white bird <oov> the water .	the bird is in a tiny selection	2
the large white bird <oov> the water .	the bird is in a state crocs	2
the large white bird <oov> the water .	the cat is in a grey swimsuit	2
the large white bird <oov> the water .	the bird is in a pickup brought .	2
the large white bird <oov> the water .	the bird is in a creating filling drinks .	2
the large white bird <oov> the water .	the bird is in a solid handbag	2
the large white bird <oov> the water .	the bird is in a blueish dora	2
the large white bird <oov> the water .	the bird is in a solid skate	2
the large white bird <oov> the water .	the bird is in a pot teenaged	2
the large white bird <oov> the water .	the man is in a terrier kilt .	2
the large white bird <oov> the water .	the bird is in a solid sombrero abs .	2
the large white bird <oov> the water .	the bird is in a tiny tide collar .	2
the large white bird <oov> the water .	the man is in a grey bin	2
the large white bird <oov> the water .	the bird is in a grey bunny	2
the large white bird <oov> the water .	the bird is in a case king .	2
the large white bird <oov> the water .	the bird is in a case rink	2
the large white bird <oov> the water .	the bird is in a blueish summertime	2
the large white bird <oov> the water .	the bird is in a tiny swimsuit .	2
the large white bird <oov> the water .	the bird is in a tiny manure	2
the large white bird <oov> the water .	the bird is in a case play	2
the large white bird <oov> the water .	the bird is in a pickup fine .	2
the large white bird <oov> the water .	the bird is in a grey bin	2
the large white bird <oov> the water .	the bird is in a state dick nighttime	2
the large white bird <oov> the water .	the bird in a swimsuit is actually .	2
the large white bird <oov> the water .	the bird is in a mohawk resting	2
the large white bird <oov> the water .	the cat is in a state skate	2
the large white bird <oov> the water .	the bird is in a tiny cage .	2
the large white bird <oov> the water .	the bird is in a grey bib	2
the large white bird <oov> the water .	the bird is in a cozy play on	2
the large white bird <oov> the water .	the bird is in a tiny predator .	2
the large white bird <oov> the water .	the bird is in a blueish different event	2
the large white bird <oov> the water .	athlete is searching for stairs	1
the large white bird <oov> the water .	there is <oov> dance for tips	1
the large white bird <oov> the water .	marble is playing softball inside	1
the large white bird <oov> the water .	there is a 3 turtle	1
the large white bird <oov> the water .	people bikes around searching out	1
the large white bird <oov> the water .	there is the front also	1
the large white bird <oov> the water .	he is playing chess pork .	1
the large white bird <oov> the water .	he is searching for spare	1
the large white bird <oov> the water .	there is a trailer 3	1
the large white bird <oov> the water .	he is punching 3 fish	1
the large white bird <oov> the water .	the bird is touching the water	0
the large white bird <oov> the water .	the bird is touching the water	0
the large white bird <oov> the water .	the bird is touching the water	0
the large white bird <oov> the water .	a bird is touching the water .	0
the large white bird <oov> the water .	the bird is touching the water	0
the large white bird <oov> the water .	kids is and helping the water	0
the large white bird <oov> the water .	what is the crowd ancient ?	0
the large white bird <oov> the water .	the bird is touching the water	0
the large white bird <oov> the water .	the bird is touching the water	0
the large white bird <oov> the water .	the bird is touching the water	0
the large white bird <oov> the water .	a bird is touching the water	0
the large white bird <oov> the water .	the bird is touching the water	0
the large white bird <oov> the water .	the bird is touching the water .	0
the large white bird <oov> the water .	the bird is touching the water	0
the large white bird <oov> the water .	a bird is touching the water	0
the large white bird <oov> the water .	the bird is touching the water	0
the large white bird <oov> the water .	the bird is touching the water	0
the large white bird <oov> the water .	the bird is touching the water	0
the large white bird <oov> the water .	the bird is touching the water .	0
the large white bird <oov> the water .	a bird is touching the water	0
the large white bird <oov> the water .	the bird is touching the water	0
the large white bird <oov> the water .	the bird is touching the water	0
the large white bird <oov> the water .	a bird is touching the water	0
the large white bird <oov> the water .	the bird is touching the water	0
the large white bird <oov> the water .	the bird is touching the water	0
the large white bird <oov> the water .	the bird is touching the water	0
the large white bird <oov> the water .	the bird is touching the water	0
the large white bird <oov> the water .	the bird is touching the water	0
the large white bird <oov> the water .	the bird is touching the water	0
the large white bird <oov> the water .	the bird is hawaii the water	0
the large white bird <oov> the water .	the bird is touching the water	0
the large white bird <oov> the water .	the bird is touching the water	0
the large white bird <oov> the water .	what is the touching built ? a	0
the large white bird <oov> the water .	the bird is touching the water	0
the large white bird <oov> the water .	the bird is touching the water	0
the large white bird <oov> the water .	the bird is touching the water	0
the large white bird <oov> the water .	a bird is touching the water	0
the large white bird <oov> the water .	a bird is touching the water	0
the large white bird <oov> the water .	the bird is touching the water	0
the large white bird <oov> the water .	what is the farmland longest separated ?	0
a moving truck with a ramp still attached .	a truck in a straw shop . mug	0
a moving truck with a ramp still attached .	a truck carries a tourist shop . a	0
a moving truck with a ramp still attached .	a cultural parkour a tourist . a	0
a moving truck with a ramp still attached .	a suspicious sweeps a buffet . a	0
a moving truck with a ramp still attached .	a cyclist observes in contraption grace .	0
a moving truck with a ramp still attached .	a truck carries a tourist cattle .	0
a moving truck with a ramp still attached .	a truck with a hand . a	0
a moving truck with a ramp still attached .	a cyclist outside a death . a	0
a moving truck with a ramp still attached .	a slingshot shares patrol music . to	0
a moving truck with a ramp still attached .	a truck carries a music . is	0
a moving truck with a ramp still attached .	a truck with a hand . a	0
a moving truck with a ramp still attached .	a collie owns a snowboarder . to	0
a moving truck with a ramp still attached .	a truck nation a music . some	0
a moving truck with a ramp still attached .	a truck with a mayor . a	0
a moving truck with a ramp still attached .	a truck carries a tourist . .	0
a moving truck with a ramp still attached .	a frat lost a music . <oov>	0
a moving truck with a ramp still attached .	a truck with a hand laces . .	0
a moving truck with a ramp still attached .	a truck owns a batting . with a	0
a moving truck with a ramp still attached .	a truck outside a cop . is	0
a moving truck with a ramp still attached .	a tiny person a tourist .	0
a moving truck with a ramp still attached .	a lawyer from a gymnastic crown .	0
a moving truck with a ramp still attached .	a cyclist sweeps a tourist .	0
a moving truck with a ramp still attached .	a truck with a hand . a	0
a moving truck with a ramp still attached .	a truck with a hand firm . virginia	0
a moving truck with a ramp still attached .	a truck flows a macy . a	0
a moving truck with a ramp still attached .	a old person are assembling . at	0
a moving truck with a ramp still attached .	a truck carries a tourist shop . at	0
a moving truck with a ramp still attached .	a truck carries a whistle pier .	0
two men working in a small factory .	a person sitting having lunch . young man	2
two men working in a small factory .	a person sitting is airborne . at	2
two men working in a small factory .	men laying in a factory in snowman .	0
two men working in a small factory .	men laying in a small clean-shaven race .	0
two men working in a small factory .	men a cats in a factory barrel .	0
two men working in a small factory .	man at a against another a factory .	0
two men working in a small factory .	a men laying in a decorated race . .	0
two men working in a small factory .	men lacrosse at a small street . <oov>	0
two men working in a small factory .	a men laying by a small girl .	0
two men working in a small factory .	men gingerbread at a small street smiling .	0
two men working in a small factory .	men a pizzeria in a factory sleeping .	0
two men working in a small factory .	a man in a sport on checkerboard .	0
two men working in a small factory .	men a strange in a factory shoulder .	0
two men working in a small factory .	men having a sidewalk in a race .	0
two men working in a small factory .	men standing in a white cross person .	0
two men working in a small factory .	men man at a small street statue .	0
two men working in a small factory .	a man gentlemen in a factory .	0
two men working in a small factory .	men at a camera in a factory .	0
two men working in a small factory .	men trout a white 's toy .	0
two men working in a small factory .	men a plenty in a site line .	0
two men working in a small factory .	men laying in a small factory race .	0
two men working in a small factory .	men a working in a factory .	0
two men working in a small factory .	a men laying in a factory .	0
two men working in a small factory .	a men working in a factory walks .	0
two men working in a small factory .	men at a camera in a factory .	0
two men working in a small factory .	men laying in a theatre on shower .	0
two men working in a small factory .	a men patrolling in a factory decorated .	0
two men working in a small factory .	men gingerbread at a small street race .	0
two men working in a small factory .	a men laying in a bedroom setting .	0
two men working in a small factory .	men couple in a tiger on track .	0
two men working in a small factory .	men a working in a factory .	0
two men working in a small factory .	men couple in a factory on forms .	0
two men working in a small factory .	men laying in a bedroom on shower .	0
two men working in a small factory .	men gingerbread at a small shower street .	0
two men working in a small factory .	a men working in a decorated shed .	0
a cowboy riding a horse at a rodeo .	nothing watches uneven rate his horse .	2
a cowboy riding a horse at a rodeo .	family wires planes soon his raft . to	2
a cowboy riding a horse at a rodeo .	bearded only children looked the stroller .	2
a cowboy riding a horse at a rodeo .	sea woman giggles routine his stroller .	2
a cowboy riding a horse at a rodeo .	african accessories puking <oov> his dad .	2
a cowboy riding a horse at a rodeo .	brown-haired woman shops while ex .	2
a cowboy riding a horse at a rodeo .	a goalie feeding birds headlight turn .	2
a cowboy riding a horse at a rodeo .	a seamstress shop <oov> trapeze slides .	2
a cowboy riding a horse at a rodeo .	bearded woman misses babies the sprinkler .	2
a cowboy riding a horse at a rodeo .	brightly feeding owners sparklers the property game	2
a cowboy riding a horse at a rodeo .	feeding boarder spits her paperback spotlights .	2
a cowboy riding a horse at a rodeo .	bearded jockeys during their right assignment .	2
a cowboy riding a horse at a rodeo .	marching feeding closed crashed his horse .	2
a cowboy riding a horse at a rodeo .	newlywed rocking people arrested their teachers .	2
a cowboy riding a horse at a rodeo .	only mexicans shoots his horse .	2
a cowboy riding a horse at a rodeo .	red deserted between the yogurt .	2
a cowboy riding a horse at a rodeo .	businessmen feeding shoots their lobster chairs .	2
a cowboy riding a horse at a rodeo .	bride feeding chase <oov> his trophy .	2
a cowboy riding a horse at a rodeo .	funky woman picks reclines horseback .	2
a cowboy riding a horse at a rodeo .	bearded woman drinks via interaction .	2
a cowboy riding a horse at a rodeo .	her mom ask his grandchild	0
a cowboy riding a horse at a rodeo .	light ninjas is famous their outfits	0
a cowboy riding a horse at a rodeo .	home compete for their those	0
a cowboy riding a horse at a rodeo .	newspaper barely letters city through europe	0
a cowboy riding a horse at a rodeo .	old-fashioned riding horse their favorite upside	0
a cowboy riding a horse at a rodeo .	light stays riding their noodle	0
a cowboy riding a horse at a rodeo .	violinist boxer is forest <oov> rest	0
a cowboy riding a horse at a rodeo .	silhouettes riding retired on the kayaker	0
a cowboy riding a horse at a rodeo .	streetlight begin takes their kidnap a	0
a cowboy riding a horse at a rodeo .	sparks fisherman with their master	0
a cowboy riding a horse at a rodeo .	serve created the chilly on transportation	0
a cowboy riding a horse at a rodeo .	cowboy riding their pushed prepares	0
a cowboy riding a horse at a rodeo .	cowboy riding <oov> under the cliff	0
a cowboy riding a horse at a rodeo .	golfer thre taking donations on	0
a cowboy riding a horse at a rodeo .	cowboy riding their calf explode	0
a cowboy riding a horse at a rodeo .	mimes riding protests their favorite bus	0
a cowboy riding a horse at a rodeo .	mens city ouside on the sprinkler	0
a cowboy riding a horse at a rodeo .	youths met their seats skills	0
a cowboy riding a horse at a rodeo .	sax of them is horseback	0
a cowboy riding a horse at a rodeo .	riding communist <oov> syrup their journey	0
a cowboy riding a horse at a rodeo .	riding unicycles end their items	0
a cowboy riding a horse at a rodeo .	american book taking their complaining	0
a cowboy riding a horse at a rodeo .	light usually their answers to board .	0
a cowboy riding a horse at a rodeo .	wheels peer on the camper needs	0
a cowboy riding a horse at a rodeo .	earn riding end under road	0
a cowboy riding a horse at a rodeo .	poop fellows dumped on the counter	0
a cowboy riding a horse at a rodeo .	asia holder riding their styrofoam .	0
a cowboy riding a horse at a rodeo .	road battle on the circuit	0
a cowboy riding a horse at a rodeo .	nothing fisherman their patient by	0
a cowboy riding a horse at a rodeo .	ancient laura math on the chair	0
a cowboy riding a horse at a rodeo .	bagpipers riding scooter and babies skills	0
a cowboy riding a horse at a rodeo .	drifting riding horse on the property	0
a cowboy riding a horse at a rodeo .	vets riding addresses while patrolling gathered	0
a cowboy riding a horse at a rodeo .	americans attempts sailing on the skateboard	0
a cowboy riding a horse at a rodeo .	clerk riding their homes <oov> .	0
a cowboy riding a horse at a rodeo .	somone cross landing the red eyes	0
a cowboy riding a horse at a rodeo .	italy is diving their <oov>	0
a cowboy riding a horse at a rodeo .	lead almost stays <oov> technique	0
a cowboy riding a horse at a rodeo .	star sticks on the rooftop	0
a cowboy riding a horse at a rodeo .	italy of the youths on transportation	0
people in chairs around a table	the woman is climbing a green trials .	2
people in chairs around a table	the woman is climbing a green chair .	2
people in chairs around a table	the woman is climbing a mountain terrace .	2
people in chairs around a table	the woman has a perm herself magazine .	2
people in chairs around a table	the woman is climbing a really passersby .	2
people in chairs around a table	the woman has a left rum ferret .	2
people in chairs around a table	the woman is climbing a green inflates .	2
people in chairs around a table	the woman has a real `` spins .	2
people in chairs around a table	the woman has a dinner tshirt v .	2
people in chairs around a table	the woman is climbing a green tune .	2
people in chairs around a table	the woman is climbing a green suburban .	2
people in chairs around a table	the woman is climbing a green below .	2
people in chairs around a table	the woman is climbing a coral dash .	2
people in chairs around a table	the woman has a left mowed knife .	2
people in chairs around a table	the woman has a left less bricks .	2
people in chairs around a table	the woman has a game really twister .	2
people in chairs around a table	a woman and females a sporting event .	2
people in chairs around a table	the woman is climbing a really frightened .	2
people in chairs around a table	the woman is formed a sporting freedom .	2
people in chairs around a table	the woman is climbing a mountain motor .	2
people in chairs around a table	the woman has a left lawnmower ago .	2
people in chairs around a table	the woman is climbing a green alleyway .	2
people in chairs around a table	the woman has a left overlook god .	2
people in chairs around a table	the woman has a banjo tackled somewhere .	2
people in chairs around a table	a woman has a dinner victim coral .	2
people in chairs around a table	the woman has a sooners arrived rally .	2
people in chairs around a table	the woman is climbing a green swung .	2
people in chairs around a table	the woman is climbing a green june .	2
people in chairs around a table	the woman is veterans cracked a deer .	2
people in chairs around a table	the woman has a pirate green reason .	2
people in chairs around a table	the woman is climbing a aggressive god .	2
people in chairs around a table	the woman has a nail loads chores .	2
people in chairs around a table	the woman is climbing a green written .	2
people in chairs around a table	the woman has a perm screaming bamboo .	2
people in chairs around a table	the woman has a stallion scores cinderella .	2
a girl wearing pink pulls weeds .	a girl is gardening .	0
a girl wearing pink pulls weeds .	a girl is gardening .	0
a girl wearing pink pulls weeds .	a girl is gardening .	0
a girl wearing pink pulls weeds .	a girl is gardening .	0
a girl wearing pink pulls weeds .	a girl is gardening .	0
a girl wearing pink pulls weeds .	a girl is gardening .	0
a girl wearing pink pulls weeds .	a girl is gardening .	0
people looking at dirty water .	people are eating jobs walks . outside	0
people looking at dirty water .	people are eating at water . at	0
people looking at dirty water .	people are holding at water . gymnasts	0
people looking at dirty water .	people are eating surfers landmark . a	0
people looking at dirty water .	people are standing at water . a	0
people looking at dirty water .	people are holding at water . at	0
people looking at dirty water .	people are standing at supper . <oov>	0
people looking at dirty water .	people are eating supper . to	0
people looking at dirty water .	people are standing at water . a	0
people looking at dirty water .	people are holding orphans obscene . to a	0
people looking at dirty water .	people are holding at water . a	0
people looking at dirty water .	people are holding a dragon . enthusiastically	0
people looking at dirty water .	people are holding at water . a	0
people looking at dirty water .	people are holding at water . a	0
people looking at dirty water .	people are eating shrimp together . gentlemen	0
people looking at dirty water .	people are standing at water . a	0
people looking at dirty water .	people are standing at water . a	0
people looking at dirty water .	people are eating at water . <oov>	0
people looking at dirty water .	people are eating at water . to	0
people looking at dirty water .	people are standing at water . a	0
people looking at dirty water .	people are holding at water . a	0
people looking at dirty water .	people are standing at water . a	0
people looking at dirty water .	people are eating at water . a	0
people looking at dirty water .	people are eating at supper .	0
people looking at dirty water .	people are holding at supper . next	0
people looking at dirty water .	people are holding at supper .	0
people looking at dirty water .	people are holding at water . <oov>	0
people looking at dirty water .	people are holding at water . a	0
people looking at dirty water .	people are eating at water . teaching	0
people looking at dirty water .	people are eating jobs race . <oov>	0
people looking at dirty water .	people are eating at water . a	0
people looking at dirty water .	people are holding breakdancing . to	0
people looking at dirty water .	people are eating at water . attach	0
people looking at dirty water .	a mountain laying is of mac . a	2
people looking at dirty water .	a mountain laying is riding between .	2
people looking at dirty water .	a mountain moved is sleeping of sign .	2
people looking at dirty water .	a mountain is riding of bike .	2
people looking at dirty water .	a soloist dog is of race .	2
people looking at dirty water .	a mountain laying full of headdresses .	2
people looking at dirty water .	a mountain laying is riding across . a	2
people looking at dirty water .	a mountain merchants is riding of people .	2
people looking at dirty water .	a merchant is sitting riding directly .	2
people looking at dirty water .	a climber is sitting down sleeping .	2
people looking at dirty water .	a controller is hanging of multiple .	2
people looking at dirty water .	a mountain hanging is of neighbor .	2
people looking at dirty water .	a mountain laying is riding of . a	2
people looking at dirty water .	a mountain full of white bride .	2
people looking at dirty water .	a mountain hanging is running khaki .	2
people looking at dirty water .	a mountain range is full of snow .	2
people looking at dirty water .	a mountain full of basketball poeple .	2
people looking at dirty water .	a mountain atv is riding of snow .	2
people looking at dirty water .	a hooded full of old rainbow lot .	2
people looking at dirty water .	a mountain is full of mimes .	2
people looking at dirty water .	a bmxer is about running against something .	2
people looking at dirty water .	a mountain laying is riding of lovers . man	2
people looking at dirty water .	a mountain atv is of worlds race .	2
people looking at dirty water .	a long down is full of celebrities . nobody	2
people looking at dirty water .	a kickboxer is full of spots .	2
people looking at dirty water .	woman has finished to see his boat .	1
people looking at dirty water .	people are hurrying to see it .	1
people looking at dirty water .	man pursuing to see beer his horse .	1
people looking at dirty water .	someone are lush to lick around .	1
people looking at dirty water .	people are glad to decorate time .	1
people looking at dirty water .	woman poodle to see <oov> beer .	1
a man and a woman sitting down laughing .	the person is obscured country and swimming bottles .	1
a man and a woman sitting down laughing .	the boy is climbing ladies and clock snowboard	1
a man and a woman sitting down laughing .	the boy is stocking another for the air	1
a man and a woman sitting down laughing .	the woman is 12 petting for the defenders pole	1
a man and a woman sitting down laughing .	the man is carrying a chainsaw and march .	1
a man and a woman sitting down laughing .	the boy is sketching woman currently and asian .	1
a man and a woman sitting down laughing .	the woman is currently eccentric on the sofa .	1
a man and a woman sitting down laughing .	the woman is explaining himself for the grey .	1
a man and a woman sitting down laughing .	the boy is preforming varsity scream and feeling .	1
a man and a woman sitting down laughing .	the boy is actor gestures and cut the ball	1
a man and a woman sitting down laughing .	the woman is watching been travelers and shine .	1
a man and a woman sitting down laughing .	the boy is sniffing a screwdriver and leap .	1
a man and a woman sitting down laughing .	a the is female exposure on the couch .	1
a man and a woman sitting down laughing .	the boy is pierced dishes at and grey .	1
a man and a woman sitting down laughing .	the boy is carves hookers hard and march	1
a man and a woman sitting down laughing .	the boy is fitting patiently for the pole .	1
a man and a woman sitting down laughing .	the boy is wash besides and swimming lessons .	1
a man and a woman sitting down laughing .	the woman is drinking rare for the grey	1
a man and a woman sitting down laughing .	the boy is pushing curtains on the beach .	1
a man and a woman sitting down laughing .	the boy is guiding a baker and march .	1
a man and a woman sitting down laughing .	the man is carrying a projector and cut .	1
cheerleaders pose for the camera .	the jacuzzi has hopping their face down .	0
cheerleaders pose for the camera .	the sexy performs are jamming their first .	0
cheerleaders pose for the camera .	the runners are hopping his t-ball trainer .	0
cheerleaders pose for the camera .	the stewardess performs his family picture taken .	0
cheerleaders pose for the camera .	the chinese man removed the tool tickets .	0
cheerleaders pose for the camera .	the runners are hopping their songs saving .	0
cheerleaders pose for the camera .	the lazy family fire butter his mullet .	0
cheerleaders pose for the camera .	the runners has been threw the watercolors .	0
cheerleaders pose for the camera .	the runners performs are hugging their cinema .	0
cheerleaders pose for the camera .	the drama dressed as <oov> days sweat .	0
cheerleaders pose for the camera .	a lazy and getting leaving his operating .	0
cheerleaders pose for the camera .	the runners has carried threw the homeless .	0
cheerleaders pose for the camera .	the sexy band are watch their supper .	0
cheerleaders pose for the camera .	the sunny runners dog playing their toy .	0
cheerleaders pose for the camera .	the runners are getting his eye noise .	0
cheerleaders pose for the camera .	the lazy hopper group watch their no .	0
cheerleaders pose for the camera .	the runners are getting their picture taken .	0
cheerleaders pose for the camera .	the runners has owned time for prom .	0
cheerleaders pose for the camera .	the cheerleaders are getting their face inside .	0
cheerleaders pose for the camera .	the drunk man as the picture again .	0
cheerleaders pose for the camera .	the score family fire adorned his joke .	0
cheerleaders pose for the camera .	the runners smile as <oov> his son .	0
cheerleaders pose for the camera .	the runners performs an large escaped soon .	0
cheerleaders pose for the camera .	the 14 waves are getting their joke .	0
cheerleaders pose for the camera .	the runners performs photographing touched prom origami .	0
cheerleaders pose for the camera .	the runners teaching an <oov> appreciate daytime .	0
cheerleaders pose for the camera .	the runners are getting cleaned the hippy .	0
cheerleaders pose for the camera .	the runners photographs getting her balloon skills .	0
cheerleaders pose for the camera .	the brunette bunnies carry <oov> his laptop .	0
cheerleaders pose for the camera .	the runners stove are relaxing on treadmills .	0
cheerleaders pose for the camera .	the runners clean watch the bikers animals .	0
cheerleaders pose for the camera .	the runners has been robbers his prom .	0
cheerleaders pose for the camera .	the runners are hopping their face drawn .	0
cheerleaders pose for the camera .	the bald star lacrosse watch their pugs .	0
cheerleaders pose for the camera .	they sit at a serene ?	1
cheerleaders pose for the camera .	they sit at a recent mural . tickling	1
cheerleaders pose for the camera .	they sit at a photo . <oov> helicopter	1
cheerleaders pose for the camera .	they no a truck pickles .	1
cheerleaders pose for the camera .	they sit at a trim ?	1
cheerleaders pose for the camera .	they sit at a rave .	1
cheerleaders pose for the camera .	they could a photo fort . people	1
cheerleaders pose for the camera .	they athletes near a truck .	1
cheerleaders pose for the camera .	they are at a boardwalk . <oov>	1
cheerleaders pose for the camera .	they sit at a flooded mixer .	1
cheerleaders pose for the camera .	they sit at a rave . of	1
cheerleaders pose for the camera .	they meeting a new message .	1
cheerleaders pose for the camera .	they ride a truck right .	1
cheerleaders pose for the camera .	they ride a photo that . a	1
cheerleaders pose for the camera .	they sit at a rave .	1
cheerleaders pose for the camera .	they sit at a rave factory .	1
cheerleaders pose for the camera .	they sit at a recent newspaper .	1
cheerleaders pose for the camera .	they sit at a rave .	1
cheerleaders pose for the camera .	they ride a boot drinking .	1
cheerleaders pose for the camera .	they ride a straight through . a	1
cheerleaders pose for the camera .	they ride a photo nuclear . <oov>	1
cheerleaders pose for the camera .	they ride a photo profession . <oov>	1
cheerleaders pose for the camera .	they ride a photo shoot .	1
cheerleaders pose for the camera .	they are at a dump office .	1
cheerleaders pose for the camera .	they ride a truck that . a	1
cheerleaders pose for the camera .	they sit at a wooden hips . <oov>	1
cheerleaders pose for the camera .	the cheerleaders not stop game .	2
cheerleaders pose for the camera .	the corn wears black . to	2
cheerleaders pose for the camera .	the cheerleaders not smiled black . boy	2
two dogs wearing muzzles are running .	there are dogs with large hotdogs . <oov>	0
two dogs wearing muzzles are running .	there are dogs with eachother .	0
two dogs wearing muzzles are running .	there are dogs with biggest eyes .	0
two dogs wearing muzzles are running .	there are dogs with large doughnuts .	0
two dogs wearing muzzles are running .	there are dogs with eachother .	0
two dogs wearing muzzles are running .	there are dogs with large basket .	0
two dogs wearing muzzles are running .	there are dogs with large accessories .	0
two dogs wearing muzzles are running .	there are dogs with eachother .	0
two dogs wearing muzzles are running .	there are dogs with red-hair .	0
two dogs wearing muzzles are running .	there are dogs with large poodles .	0
two dogs wearing muzzles are running .	there are dogs with mcdonald .	0
two dogs wearing muzzles are running .	there are dogs with paddles .	0
two dogs wearing muzzles are running .	there are dogs with spectators .	0
two dogs wearing muzzles are running .	there are dogs with eachother .	0
construction worker working on a structure	a man is building a house . group	1
construction worker working on a structure	a man is building a house . boy	1
construction worker working on a structure	a man is building a house . wave	1
construction worker working on a structure	a man is building a wheel .	1
construction worker working on a structure	a man is building a wheel .	1
construction worker working on a structure	a man is building a house . of	1
construction worker working on a structure	a man is building a house . attach	1
construction worker working on a structure	a man is building a house . people	1
construction worker working on a structure	a man is building a house . drives	1
construction worker working on a structure	a man is building a wheel .	1
construction worker working on a structure	a man is building a house . elvis	1
construction worker working on a structure	a man is building a wheel . to	1
construction worker working on a structure	a man is building a wheel .	1
construction worker working on a structure	a man is building a wheel . at	1
construction worker working on a structure	a man is building a house . wiring	1
construction worker working on a structure	a man is building a wheel .	1
construction worker working on a structure	a man is building a handkerchiefs . wheelbarrow	1
construction worker working on a structure	a man is building a house . of	1
construction worker working on a structure	a man is working on a computer .	2
construction worker working on a structure	a man is working on a computer .	2
construction worker working on a structure	a man is working on a computer .	2
construction worker working on a structure	a man is working on a computer .	2
construction worker working on a structure	a man is working on a computer .	2
construction worker working on a structure	a man is working on a computer .	2
construction worker working on a structure	a man is working on a computer .	2
construction worker working on a structure	a man is working on a computer .	2
construction worker working on a structure	a man is working on a computer .	2
construction worker working on a structure	a man is working on a computer .	2
construction worker working on a structure	a man is working on a computer .	2
construction worker working on a structure	a man is working on a computer .	2
construction worker working on a structure	a man is working on a computer .	2
construction worker working on a structure	a man is working on a computer .	2
construction worker working on a structure	a man is working on a computer .	2
construction worker working on a structure	a man is working on a computer .	2
construction worker working on a structure	a man is working on a computer .	2
construction worker working on a structure	a man is working on a computer .	2
construction worker working on a structure	a man is working on a computer .	2
construction worker working on a structure	a man is working on a computer .	2
construction worker working on a structure	a man is working on a computer .	2
construction worker working on a structure	a man is working on a computer .	2
construction worker working on a structure	a man is working on a computer .	2
construction worker working on a structure	a man is working on a computer .	2
construction worker working on a structure	a man is working on a computer .	2
construction worker working on a structure	a man is working on a computer .	2
construction worker working on a structure	a man is working on a computer .	2
construction worker working on a structure	a man is working on a computer .	2
construction worker working on a structure	a man is working on a computer .	2
construction worker working on a structure	a man is working on a computer .	2
construction worker working on a structure	a man is working on a computer .	2
construction worker working on a structure	a man is working on a computer .	2
construction worker working on a structure	a man is working on a computer .	2
construction worker working on a structure	a man is working on a computer .	2
construction worker working on a structure	a man is working on a computer .	2
construction worker working on a structure	a man is working on a computer .	2
construction worker working on a structure	a man is working on a computer .	2
construction worker working on a structure	a man is working on a computer .	2
construction worker working on a structure	a man is working on a computer .	2
construction worker working on a structure	a man is working on a computer .	2
city street crowded with sports fans wearing orange .	a uniformed dancer is a airplane scaring rider .	0
city street crowded with sports fans wearing orange .	a swallowing sung a stone flat pieces worth .	0
city street crowded with sports fans wearing orange .	the bushes played women causes a blow pineapples	0
city street crowded with sports fans wearing orange .	the nhl men searching a patients ascends stolen .	0
city street crowded with sports fans wearing orange .	the older gentleman also a success with water .	0
city street crowded with sports fans wearing orange .	a uniformed customers is a medical color closed .	0
city street crowded with sports fans wearing orange .	a supermarket shines nurses a fiction approach fiercely .	0
city street crowded with sports fans wearing orange .	a tribal chats a pop comic a rounds .	0
city street crowded with sports fans wearing orange .	a uniformed discusses a barefooted man marketing shapes .	0
city street crowded with sports fans wearing orange .	the american men sit in a spraying boat .	0
city street crowded with sports fans wearing orange .	the jug uniformed a 3 joyous are interacting .	0
city street crowded with sports fans wearing orange .	the goods men have a generator 's truck .	0
city street crowded with sports fans wearing orange .	the well-dressed men filling a scope person color .	0
city street crowded with sports fans wearing orange .	a uniformed fires lot a sold inches track	0
city street crowded with sports fans wearing orange .	a patriotic cage a lot 50 man fly	0
city street crowded with sports fans wearing orange .	a peole musician is a carrying chopped grass .	0
city street crowded with sports fans wearing orange .	the uniformed men fix a pitbull 's truck	0
city street crowded with sports fans wearing orange .	a uniformed drove is a border person smoker .	0
city street crowded with sports fans wearing orange .	the amazing men puts a hello spraying office	0
city street crowded with sports fans wearing orange .	the uniformed male students wearing a rink ring .	0
city street crowded with sports fans wearing orange .	a tourist operator country a boy pickup tightly .	0
city street crowded with sports fans wearing orange .	a tourist bounce a craft person hammers tidy .	0
city street crowded with sports fans wearing orange .	the sports men twirling a hamster sharp waterskiing .	0
city street crowded with sports fans wearing orange .	a tourist pose a hairy glowing theme trick .	0
city street crowded with sports fans wearing orange .	a uniformed adolescent puts a crocodile with water .	0
city street crowded with sports fans wearing orange .	the workman sucks a lot with seating canal	0
city street crowded with sports fans wearing orange .	a uniformed 3 a boy ancient coin drinks	0
city street crowded with sports fans wearing orange .	a uniformed editing packages a mail man godzilla	0
city street crowded with sports fans wearing orange .	a jug jockey a 3 inflated border laptops .	0
city street crowded with sports fans wearing orange .	the asian youths sit a large & hands .	0
city street crowded with sports fans wearing orange .	the skiers completes a kickflip dozen a tunnel .	0
city street crowded with sports fans wearing orange .	the american ensemble crowd a recreational fashions life .	0
city street crowded with sports fans wearing orange .	the sports men have a tatoos 's challenge .	0
city street crowded with sports fans wearing orange .	a uniformed shortcut women a mine with wand	0
city street crowded with sports fans wearing orange .	the stolen carefully scantily in blue swimwear .	0
city street crowded with sports fans wearing orange .	the walls experts wearing arm orange shirts .	0
city street crowded with sports fans wearing orange .	the ladies have been in green wigs .	0
city street crowded with sports fans wearing orange .	a tourist equipment basketball <oov> already grave .	0
city street crowded with sports fans wearing orange .	the bunny quality man in green steakhouse .	0
city street crowded with sports fans wearing orange .	the ladies working dogs in green denim .	0
city street crowded with sports fans wearing orange .	the sports crowd in orange personnel knives .	0
city street crowded with sports fans wearing orange .	the slicing have been celtics <oov> train .	0
city street crowded with sports fans wearing orange .	the awards athletes in any spaghetti laboratory .	0
city street crowded with sports fans wearing orange .	the flippers have been running around building .	0
city street crowded with sports fans wearing orange .	the ladies laying loose after stuffed brooms .	0
city street crowded with sports fans wearing orange .	a disabled cage play in folding mood .	0
city street crowded with sports fans wearing orange .	the coach standing occupying <oov> each other .	0
city street crowded with sports fans wearing orange .	the tourist of women are slopes .	0
city street crowded with sports fans wearing orange .	the flyer have been people walk .	0
city street crowded with sports fans wearing orange .	the parent playing baseball <oov> nicely .	0
city street crowded with sports fans wearing orange .	a tourist snaps cage young people can .	0
city street crowded with sports fans wearing orange .	the camper street working in denim founded .	0
city street crowded with sports fans wearing orange .	the sports men stroll orange <oov> vision .	0
city street crowded with sports fans wearing orange .	a jug protects play in trailer area .	0
city street crowded with sports fans wearing orange .	the stolen equipment of attractive <oov> slides .	0
city street crowded with sports fans wearing orange .	a tourist ties equipment two <oov> cats .	0
city street crowded with sports fans wearing orange .	the sports crowd in orange pants .	0
city street crowded with sports fans wearing orange .	the ladies but force big after sailors . <oov>	0
city street crowded with sports fans wearing orange .	a tourist equipment of two blue tote .	0
city street crowded with sports fans wearing orange .	the mute pizza about <oov> 3 tin .	0
city street crowded with sports fans wearing orange .	the fierce wrestles filling in denim attire .	0
city street crowded with sports fans wearing orange .	a tourist equipment eats in front underwater .	0
city street crowded with sports fans wearing orange .	the texans says are wearing orange .	0
city street crowded with sports fans wearing orange .	the wrinkled ladies working are trailer tent .	0
city street crowded with sports fans wearing orange .	the barefooted equipment are male chest .	0
city street crowded with sports fans wearing orange .	a shocked types of tuberculosis rolls .	0
city street crowded with sports fans wearing orange .	a tourist equipment scale two <oov> working .	0
a girl jumping high off of the sand .	there is a girl on the bench .	0
a girl jumping high off of the sand .	the girl is folding on the beach .	2
a girl jumping high off of the sand .	the girl is jogging on the .	2
a girl jumping high off of the sand .	the girl is singing on the beach .	2
a girl jumping high off of the sand .	the girl is jogging on the sidewalk .	2
a girl jumping high off of the sand .	the girl is singing on the beach .	2
a girl jumping high off of the sand .	the girl is squatting on the beach .	2
a girl jumping high off of the sand .	the girl is jogging on the .	2
a girl jumping high off of the sand .	the girl is singing on the beach .	2
a girl jumping high off of the sand .	the girl is mopping on the beach .	2
a girl jumping high off of the sand .	the girl is singing on the beach .	2
a girl jumping high off of the sand .	the girl is singing on the beach .	2
a girl jumping high off of the sand .	the girl is singing on the beach .	2
a girl jumping high off of the sand .	the girl is singing on the beach .	2
a girl jumping high off of the sand .	the girl is combing on the beach .	2
a girl jumping high off of the sand .	the girl is heading on the beach .	2
a girl jumping high off of the sand .	the girl is urinating on the beach .	2
a girl jumping high off of the sand .	the girl is combing on the beach .	2
a girl jumping high off of the sand .	the girl is poking on the beach .	2
a girl jumping high off of the sand .	the girl is jogging on the .	2
a girl jumping high off of the sand .	the girl is heading on the beach .	2
a girl jumping high off of the sand .	the girl is keeping on the beach .	2
a girl jumping high off of the sand .	the girl is jogging on the .	2
a girl jumping high off of the sand .	the girl is forward on the beach .	2
a girl jumping high off of the sand .	the girl is singing on the beach .	2
a girl jumping high off of the sand .	the girl is jogging on the beach .	2
a girl jumping high off of the sand .	the girl is poking on the beach .	2
a girl jumping high off of the sand .	the girl is singing on the beach .	2
a girl jumping high off of the sand .	the girl is jogging on the beach .	2
a girl jumping high off of the sand .	the girl is heading on the beach .	2
a girl jumping high off of the sand .	the girl is jogging on his .	2
a girl jumping high off of the sand .	the girl is poking on the .	2
a girl jumping high off of the sand .	the girl is singing on the beach .	2
a girl jumping high off of the sand .	the girl is palying on the beach .	2
a girl jumping high off of the sand .	the girl is singing on the beach .	2
a girl jumping high off of the sand .	the girl is sat on the beach .	2
a girl jumping high off of the sand .	the girl is aside on the beach .	2
man is shaving in the mirror .	a man is wearing leotards .	2
man is shaving in the mirror .	a man is wearing facial .	2
man is shaving in the mirror .	a man is casting baggage . donkeys	2
man is shaving in the mirror .	a man is sculpting record .	2
man is shaving in the mirror .	the man is wearing gown .	2
man is shaving in the mirror .	a man is hairy producing .	2
man is shaving in the mirror .	the man is starting rocks .	2
man is shaving in the mirror .	the man is wearing tune .	2
man is shaving in the mirror .	a man is onions smoking .	2
man is shaving in the mirror .	the man is eyeing rocks .	2
man is shaving in the mirror .	a man is easy discuss rocks . <oov>	2
man is shaving in the mirror .	a man is wearing sandals .	2
man is shaving in the mirror .	a man is la bike .	2
man is shaving in the mirror .	a man is wearing burkas .	2
man is shaving in the mirror .	a man is waving correctly .	2
man is shaving in the mirror .	a man is easy electrical .	2
man is shaving in the mirror .	a man is wearing knee .	2
man is shaving in the mirror .	a man is wearing facial .	2
man is shaving in the mirror .	a man is easy facial .	2
man is shaving in the mirror .	a man is wearing signs .	2
man is shaving in the mirror .	the man is wearing outfit .	2
man is shaving in the mirror .	a man is wearing 22 .	2
man is shaving in the mirror .	a man is walking between .	2
man is shaving in the mirror .	a man is chasing children .	2
man is shaving in the mirror .	the man is wearing alert .	2
children are petting small turtles in the grass .	a uniformed aims bubbles are the sunset .	2
children are petting small turtles in the grass .	the sea lunges a black students .	2
children are petting small turtles in the grass .	a dalmatian checks a black magician .	2
children are petting small turtles in the grass .	the angry lands are black students .	2
children are petting small turtles in the grass .	the mouse explores a black students .	2
children are petting small turtles in the grass .	a matador grabbed are black students .	2
children are petting small turtles in the grass .	a uniformed karaoke fighting over the cliff .	2
children are petting small turtles in the grass .	the grown players are parked the channel .	2
children are petting small turtles in the grass .	a uniformed species are on the crowds .	2
children are petting small turtles in the grass .	a veteran strolls a fellow playset .	2
children are petting small turtles in the grass .	a uniformed artistic helicopter some place .	2
children are petting small turtles in the grass .	the priests retriever are black the sunlight .	2
children are petting small turtles in the grass .	a bare speeds down the ramp .	2
children are petting small turtles in the grass .	the sea skiers are sold black .	2
children are petting small turtles in the grass .	the cricketer entertains are closing the priest .	2
children are petting small turtles in the grass .	the grown diners are animal the floors .	2
children are petting small turtles in the grass .	the mule speeds are black students .	2
children are petting small turtles in the grass .	the groom helped are animal the sunset .	2
children are petting small turtles in the grass .	the rottweiler told are sky the raft .	2
children are petting small turtles in the grass .	the surfer chased a black students .	2
children are petting small turtles in the grass .	the insect attendant are parked the rail .	2
children are petting small turtles in the grass .	a blacksmith spins are on the tour .	2
children are petting small turtles in the grass .	the grown chefs are the sky .	2
children are petting small turtles in the grass .	the groom youngster possession her ufo .	2
children are petting small turtles in the grass .	a insect rolled saint the her .	2
children are petting small turtles in the grass .	a nudist kissed a boy left .	2
children are petting small turtles in the grass .	the groom beats are on the pavement .	2
children are petting small turtles in the grass .	a politician tie <oov> down the hall .	2
three dogs run through the grass .	three dogs run .	0
three dogs run through the grass .	three dogs run .	0
three dogs run through the grass .	three dogs run .	0
three dogs run through the grass .	three dogs run .	0
three dogs run through the grass .	three dogs run .	0
three dogs run through the grass .	three dogs run .	0
three dogs run through the grass .	three dogs run .	0
three dogs run through the grass .	three dogs run .	0
three dogs run through the grass .	three man is sombreros .	0
three dogs run through the grass .	three man is grilling .	0
three dogs run through the grass .	three dogs run .	0
three dogs run through the grass .	three dogs run .	0
three dogs run through the grass .	three dogs run .	0
three dogs run through the grass .	three dogs run .	0
three dogs run through the grass .	three <oov> european .	0
three dogs run through the grass .	three dogs run .	0
three dogs run through the grass .	three man is panting .	0
three dogs run through the grass .	three dogs run .	0
three dogs run through the grass .	three dogs run .	0
three dogs run through the grass .	three dogs run .	0
three dogs run through the grass .	three dogs run .	0
three dogs run through the grass .	three dogs run .	0
three dogs run through the grass .	three dogs run .	0
three dogs run through the grass .	three dogs run .	0
three dogs run through the grass .	three dogs run .	0
three dogs run through the grass .	three dogs run .	0
three dogs run through the grass .	three dogs run .	0
three dogs run through the grass .	three dogs run .	0
three dogs run through the grass .	three dogs run .	0
three dogs run through the grass .	three dogs run .	0
three dogs run through the grass .	three dogs run .	0
three dogs run through the grass .	three dogs run .	0
three dogs run through the grass .	three dogs run .	0
three dogs run through the grass .	three <oov> with crayons .	0
three dogs run through the grass .	three dogs run .	0
three dogs run through the grass .	three dogs run .	0
three dogs run through the grass .	three dogs run .	0
three dogs run through the grass .	three dogs run .	0
three dogs run through the grass .	three dogs run .	0
a man is hanging sausages in a market .	a woman is hanging bacon in a market .	2
a man is hanging sausages in a market .	a woman is hanging book in a market .	2
a man is hanging sausages in a market .	a woman is hanging leave in a market .	2
a man is hanging sausages in a market .	a woman is hanging red in a market .	2
a man is hanging sausages in a market .	a woman is hanging free in a snowstorm .	2
a man is hanging sausages in a market .	a woman is hanging well in a market .	2
a man is hanging sausages in a market .	a woman is hanging subject in a market .	2
a man is hanging sausages in a market .	a girl is about llamas in tarp somewhere	2
a man is hanging sausages in a market .	a woman is hanging upward in a market .	2
a man is hanging sausages in a market .	a woman is hanging get in a snowstorm .	2
a man is hanging sausages in a market .	a woman is hanging flour in a jacket .	2
a man is hanging sausages in a market .	a woman is hanging turntable in a market .	2
a man is hanging sausages in a market .	a woman is hanging laundry in hopes winter .	2
a man is hanging sausages in a market .	a woman is hanging fresh a cruiser problem .	2
a man is hanging sausages in a market .	a woman is hanging raking a very excited track	2
a man is hanging sausages in a market .	a small man is marks in jacket bunker	2
a man is hanging sausages in a market .	a woman is hanging amazed in a market	2
a man is hanging sausages in a market .	a woman is hanging historical in venice dugout .	2
a man is hanging sausages in a market .	a woman is hanging jack in a market .	2
a man is hanging sausages in a market .	a woman is hanging price in a market .	2
a man is hanging sausages in a market .	a woman is hanging something in a vegetable .	2
a man is hanging sausages in a market .	a woman is hanging beams in a market .	2
a man is hanging sausages in a market .	a woman is hanging fresh a drab meal .	2
a man is hanging sausages in a market .	a woman is hanging quartet in a market .	2
a man is hanging sausages in a market .	a woman is something loaf in market .	2
a man is hanging sausages in a market .	a woman is hanging comfortably in a market .	2
a man is hanging sausages in a market .	a woman is drawing a casket in market .	2
a man is hanging sausages in a market .	a woman is hanging which clams in market .	2
a man is hanging sausages in a market .	a woman is hanging taken in jean jacket .	2
a man is hanging sausages in a market .	a woman is hanging chores in inning jacket .	2
a man is hanging sausages in a market .	a person is hanging captivated in a market .	0
a man is hanging sausages in a market .	a person is something protect in a market .	0
a man sitting outside playing a musical instrument .	the man is standing inside a .	2
a man sitting outside playing a musical instrument .	the man is standing inside a structure .	2
a man sitting outside playing a musical instrument .	the man is standing inside a .	2
a man sitting outside playing a musical instrument .	the man is standing inside a .	2
a man sitting outside playing a musical instrument .	the man is playing music outdoors .	0
a man sitting outside playing a musical instrument .	the man is playing music outdoors .	0
a man sitting outside playing a musical instrument .	the man is playing music . people	0
a man sitting outside playing a musical instrument .	the man is playing music outdoors .	0
a man sitting outside playing a musical instrument .	the man is playing music . to	0
a man sitting outside playing a musical instrument .	the man is playing music outdoors .	0
a man sitting outside playing a musical instrument .	the man is playing music outdoors .	0
a man sitting outside playing a musical instrument .	the man is playing music . people	0
a man sitting outside playing a musical instrument .	the man is playing music . the	0
a man sitting outside playing a musical instrument .	the man is playing music . the	0
a man sitting outside playing a musical instrument .	the man is playing music . to	0
a man sitting outside playing a musical instrument .	the man is playing music . `	0
a man sitting outside playing a musical instrument .	the man is playing music outdoors .	0
a man sitting outside playing a musical instrument .	the man is playing music . to	0
a man sitting outside playing a musical instrument .	the man is playing music . `	0
a man sitting outside playing a musical instrument .	the man is playing music outdoors .	0
a man sitting outside playing a musical instrument .	the man is playing music outdoors .	0
four young boys flexing for the camera .	canadians have colour sharp	0
four young boys flexing for the camera .	dinosaurs pulls two cowboys	0
four young boys flexing for the camera .	photographer lectures goals	0
four young boys flexing for the camera .	thee pinball her knees	0
four young boys flexing for the camera .	leaving rocker with santa	0
four young boys flexing for the camera .	wedding graze are tongs	0
four young boys flexing for the camera .	club with <oov> feed	0
four young boys flexing for the camera .	extreme jane africans dc	0
four young boys flexing for the camera .	coloring pulls almost tips	0
four young boys flexing for the camera .	rocker enjoys gone happened	0
four young boys flexing for the camera .	patrols swimming with wheels	0
four young boys flexing for the camera .	sunday <oov> shots	0
four young boys flexing for the camera .	canadians have three umbrellas	0
four young boys flexing for the camera .	cook created her foot	0
four young boys flexing for the camera .	zebra faces have bread	0
four young boys flexing for the camera .	player examine two mules	0
four young boys flexing for the camera .	shoves picnic empty ages	0
four young boys flexing for the camera .	trapped kids ring	0
four young boys flexing for the camera .	measures protecting closes	0
four young boys flexing for the camera .	adolescents mostly two debris	0
four young boys flexing for the camera .	mad gross grills happily a	0
four young boys flexing for the camera .	beating sisters ouside happily museum watches	0
four young boys flexing for the camera .	piled carriage birth undercover	0
four young boys flexing for the camera .	front presidents vigil skaters	0
four young boys flexing for the camera .	sold sits through swampy	0
four young boys flexing for the camera .	guy scientists markers blow	0
four young boys flexing for the camera .	yoga chairs tagging interesting	0
four young boys flexing for the camera .	feather headdress have now	0
four young boys flexing for the camera .	david handles with pencils	0
four young boys flexing for the camera .	surfing possible mushrooms european	0
four young boys flexing for the camera .	portrait blonds kids folk	0
four young boys flexing for the camera .	guy rubbing lays calmly	0
four young boys flexing for the camera .	zebra gone kids beaded	0
four young boys flexing for the camera .	husband have glasses sticks	0
four young boys flexing for the camera .	shadow have minor sail	0
four young boys flexing for the camera .	for have runner toy	0
four young boys flexing for the camera .	4 women are outside	2
four young boys flexing for the camera .	4 women are outside	2
four young boys flexing for the camera .	they are friends	1
four young boys flexing for the camera .	they are friends	1
four young boys flexing for the camera .	they are friends	1
four young boys flexing for the camera .	they are friends	1
four young boys flexing for the camera .	they are friends	1
four young boys flexing for the camera .	they are friends	1
four young boys flexing for the camera .	they are friends	1
four young boys flexing for the camera .	they are friends	1
four young boys flexing for the camera .	they are friends	1
four young boys flexing for the camera .	they are friends	1
four young boys flexing for the camera .	they are friends	1
four young boys flexing for the camera .	they are friends	1
four young boys flexing for the camera .	they are friends	1
four young boys flexing for the camera .	they are friends	1
four young boys flexing for the camera .	they are friends	1
four young boys flexing for the camera .	they are friends	1
four young boys flexing for the camera .	they are friends	1
four young boys flexing for the camera .	they are friends	1
four young boys flexing for the camera .	they are friends	1
four young boys flexing for the camera .	they are friends	1
four young boys flexing for the camera .	they are friends	1
four young boys flexing for the camera .	they are friends	1
four young boys flexing for the camera .	they are friends	1
four young boys flexing for the camera .	they are friends	1
four young boys flexing for the camera .	the biker kissing	1
four young boys flexing for the camera .	they are friends	1
four young boys flexing for the camera .	they are friends	1
four young boys flexing for the camera .	they are friends	1
four young boys flexing for the camera .	they are friends	1
four young boys flexing for the camera .	they are friends	1
four young boys flexing for the camera .	they are friends	1
four young boys flexing for the camera .	they are friends	1
four young boys flexing for the camera .	they are friends	1
four young boys flexing for the camera .	they are friends	1
four young boys flexing for the camera .	they are friends	1
four young boys flexing for the camera .	they are friends	1
four young boys flexing for the camera .	they are friends	1
four young boys flexing for the camera .	they are friends	1
four young boys flexing for the camera .	they are friends	1
man with blue and yellow shirt rides bike .	a man is seen a chihuahua for the soccer	1
man with blue and yellow shirt rides bike .	a man is squatting a rapid for the seating	1
man with blue and yellow shirt rides bike .	a man is feeding a map for the sandcastle	1
man with blue and yellow shirt rides bike .	a man is seen a english for pizza	1
man with blue and yellow shirt rides bike .	a man is allergic to a ship wreck .	1
man with blue and yellow shirt rides bike .	a man is feeding a woodworker for the drawn	1
man with blue and yellow shirt rides bike .	a man is a waling arrival for the weather	1
man with blue and yellow shirt rides bike .	a man is lighting a beverage for the bed	1
man with blue and yellow shirt rides bike .	a bike enjoyable is a man posing for dances	1
man with blue and yellow shirt rides bike .	a bike breaks is a man currently place .	1
man with blue and yellow shirt rides bike .	a bike rider is a man for place .	1
man with blue and yellow shirt rides bike .	a bike does a bar paused for dress	1
man with blue and yellow shirt rides bike .	a bike casting machinery man for heavy venus .	1
man with blue and yellow shirt rides bike .	a bike is a man hard for shots .	1
man with blue and yellow shirt rides bike .	a bike rides is a stationary for trail .	1
man with blue and yellow shirt rides bike .	several white dogs is a volleyball for year .	1
man with blue and yellow shirt rides bike .	a bike blond in a cage is repairs .	1
man with blue and yellow shirt rides bike .	a bike entertaining man is a sewing dress .	1
man with blue and yellow shirt rides bike .	a bike is a man watching for sale .	1
man with blue and yellow shirt rides bike .	a bike rides a man for baseball ramp .	1
man with blue and yellow shirt rides bike .	a bike weigh is a man for teams	1
man with blue and yellow shirt rides bike .	a old boy is standing around firewood himself .	1
man with blue and yellow shirt rides bike .	a bike kitten is a man speaking for officers	1
man with blue and yellow shirt rides bike .	a girl is running under a beef rock .	1
man with blue and yellow shirt rides bike .	a bike is a man for experience curly .	1
man with blue and yellow shirt rides bike .	a bike rides is a man carrying leaves .	1
man with blue and yellow shirt rides bike .	a man rides a bike	0
man with blue and yellow shirt rides bike .	a man sang down a bike	0
man with blue and yellow shirt rides bike .	a man rides a bike down	0
man with blue and yellow shirt rides bike .	a man rides a bike down	0
man with blue and yellow shirt rides bike .	a man rides a bike down	0
a young lady <oov> with her watch .	a woman is <oov> .	0
a young lady <oov> with her watch .	a woman is <oov> .	0
a young lady <oov> with her watch .	a woman is <oov> .	0
a young lady <oov> with her watch .	a woman is <oov> .	0
a young lady <oov> with her watch .	a woman is <oov> their .	0
a young lady <oov> with her watch .	a woman is <oov> .	0
a young lady <oov> with her watch .	a woman is <oov> .	0
a young lady <oov> with her watch .	a woman is <oov> .	0
a young lady <oov> with her watch .	a woman is <oov> .	0
a young lady <oov> with her watch .	a woman is <oov> .	0
a young lady <oov> with her watch .	a woman is <oov> .	0
a young lady <oov> with her watch .	a woman is <oov> .	0
a young lady <oov> with her watch .	a woman is <oov> .	0
a young lady <oov> with her watch .	a woman is <oov> .	0
a young lady <oov> with her watch .	a woman is <oov> .	0
a young lady <oov> with her watch .	a woman is <oov> .	0
a young lady <oov> with her watch .	a woman is <oov> .	0
a young lady <oov> with her watch .	a woman is <oov> .	0
a young lady <oov> with her watch .	a woman is outside . is	0
a young lady <oov> with her watch .	a woman is <oov> .	0
a young lady <oov> with her watch .	a woman is <oov> .	0
a young lady <oov> with her watch .	a woman is <oov> .	0
a young lady <oov> with her watch .	a woman is outside .	0
a young lady <oov> with her watch .	a woman is <oov> .	0
a young lady <oov> with her watch .	a woman is <oov> .	0
a young lady <oov> with her watch .	a woman is <oov> .	0
a young lady <oov> with her watch .	a woman is <oov> .	0
a young lady <oov> with her watch .	a woman is <oov> .	0
a young lady <oov> with her watch .	a woman is <oov> .	0
a young lady <oov> with her watch .	a woman is <oov> .	0
a young lady <oov> with her watch .	a woman is outside .	0
a young lady <oov> with her watch .	a woman is outside . to	0
a young lady <oov> with her watch .	a woman is <oov> .	0
a young lady <oov> with her watch .	a woman is <oov> .	0
a young lady <oov> with her watch .	a woman is <oov> .	0
a young lady <oov> with her watch .	a woman is <oov> .	0
a young lady <oov> with her watch .	a woman is <oov> .	0
a young lady <oov> with her watch .	a woman is <oov> .	0
a young lady <oov> with her watch .	a woman is <oov> .	0
a young lady <oov> with her watch .	a woman is <oov> .	0
two girls looking into camera and smiling	two man serenades an interesting style doorway .	1
two girls looking into camera and smiling	two people breakdancing jazz plucking with water	1
two girls looking into camera and smiling	two people breakdancing an interesting color window .	1
two girls looking into camera and smiling	two people breakdancing their hands helped	1
two girls looking into camera and smiling	two people breakdancing their hands with nets	1
two girls looking into camera and smiling	two people breakdancing their hands free colors .	1
two girls looking into camera and smiling	two people breakdancing an color chef .	1
two girls looking into camera and smiling	two people breakdancing on fixing hot shingles	1
two girls looking into camera and smiling	two blond woman walk on plates day .	1
two girls looking into camera and smiling	two people breakdancing racing their hungry	1
two girls looking into camera and smiling	two people breakdancing an trimming flying accident .	1
two girls looking into camera and smiling	two people kayaks with their plates day	1
two girls looking into camera and smiling	two people breakdancing on benches boogie cups	1
two girls looking into camera and smiling	two blond girls patrol with many friends	1
two girls looking into camera and smiling	two people breakdancing on benches flying bicycles .	1
two girls looking into camera and smiling	two people breakdancing on sidewalk under apple .	1
two girls looking into camera and smiling	two people breakdancing their hands burkas .	1
two girls looking into camera and smiling	two people breakdancing on fixing blocks	1
two girls looking into camera and smiling	two people breakdancing feeding their employees	1
two girls looking into camera and smiling	two people breakdancing woman with their parents	1
two girls looking into camera and smiling	two people breakdancing their hands with nets .	1
two girls looking into camera and smiling	two blond woman fishing with their ax	1
two girls looking into camera and smiling	two blond woman fishing with their rooms .	1
two girls looking into camera and smiling	two people breakdancing their hands flying .	1
two girls looking into camera and smiling	two people breakdancing on benches bunny day .	1
two girls looking into camera and smiling	two blond woman fishing with their bicycles .	1
two girls looking into camera and smiling	two toddlers laying during on venus bed	1
two girls looking into camera and smiling	two people breakdancing their hands with kites .	1
two girls looking into camera and smiling	two people breakdancing an color canadian yards	1
two girls looking into camera and smiling	two people breakdancing their hungry favorite day .	1
two girls looking into camera and smiling	two blond woman fishing with their tattoo	1
two girls looking into camera and smiling	two toddlers are sleeping with their window	1
two girls looking into camera and smiling	two constructions laying fishing with their parents	1
two girls looking into camera and smiling	two people breakdancing an interesting color singing .	1
two girls looking into camera and smiling	two people breakdancing on benches runners day	1
two girls looking into camera and smiling	two people await into the camera .	0
two girls looking into camera and smiling	two people await won the camera .	0
two girls looking into camera and smiling	two people hold grains the camera . handstands	0
two girls looking into camera and smiling	two people serve into the camera .	0
two girls looking into camera and smiling	two people laugh walk the planet .	0
two girls looking into camera and smiling	two people laugh into the camera .	0
two girls looking into camera and smiling	two people pumping coconuts their jackets .	0
two girls looking into camera and smiling	two people stretching into the camera .	0
two girls looking into camera and smiling	two people lounge into the camera .	0
two girls looking into camera and smiling	two people pumping mini the camera .	0
two girls looking into camera and smiling	two people laugh into the camera .	0
two girls looking into camera and smiling	two people chase drum their won .	0
two girls looking into camera and smiling	two people released into the camera .	0
a woman walking down the street .	a woman is walking slowly .	1
a woman walking down the street .	a woman is walking barefoot .	1
a woman walking down the street .	a woman is walking to .	1
a woman walking down the street .	a woman is walking to .	1
a woman walking down the street .	a woman is wearing work .	1
a woman walking down the street .	a woman is walking to .	1
a woman walking down the street .	a woman is walking to .	1
a woman walking down the street .	a woman is walking to sink .	1
a woman walking down the street .	a woman is walking barefoot .	1
a woman walking down the street .	a woman is walking to .	1
a woman walking down the street .	a woman is walking to .	1
a woman walking down the street .	a woman is walking barefoot .	1
a woman walking down the street .	a woman is walking to .	1
a woman walking down the street .	a woman is walking to .	1
a woman walking down the street .	a woman is walking to .	1
a woman walking down the street .	a woman is walking work .	1
a woman walking down the street .	a woman is walking to .	1
a woman walking down the street .	a woman is walking to .	1
a woman walking down the street .	a woman is walking to .	1
a woman walking down the street .	a woman is walking to .	1
a woman walking down the street .	a woman is walking to .	1
a woman walking down the street .	a woman is walking work .	1
a woman walking down the street .	a woman is walking barefoot .	1
a woman walking down the street .	a woman is walking to customers .	1
a woman walking down the street .	a woman is walking to .	1
a woman walking down the street .	a woman is walking to .	1
a woman walking down the street .	a woman is walking to .	1
a woman walking down the street .	a woman is walking forward .	1
a woman walking down the street .	a woman is walking work .	1
a woman walking down the street .	a woman is walking barefoot .	1
a woman walking down the street .	a woman is walking to .	1
a woman walking down the street .	a woman is walking work .	1
a woman walking down the street .	a woman is walking to .	1
a woman walking down the street .	a woman is walking to .	1
a woman walking down the street .	a woman is walking to .	1
a woman walking down the street .	a woman is walking to .	1
a woman walking down the street .	a woman is walking barefoot .	1
a woman walking down the street .	a woman is walking to .	1
a woman walking down the street .	a woman is walking to .	1
a woman walking down the street .	a boy does a bike .	2
a woman walking down the street .	a vehicle is walking down a street .	0
a woman walking down the street .	a lady is walking down a street .	0
a woman walking down the street .	a lady is walking down a street .	0
an indian woman stands in an outdoor marketplace .	a crowd is outdoors a bazaar kid .	0
an indian woman stands in an outdoor marketplace .	a crowd is outdoors a water landmark .	0
an indian woman stands in an outdoor marketplace .	the man is outdoors a punch .	0
an indian woman stands in an outdoor marketplace .	a crowd is outdoors a kickboxers .	0
an indian woman stands in an outdoor marketplace .	the man is outdoors a doors .	0
an indian woman stands in an outdoor marketplace .	a female is outdoors at a water .	0
an indian woman stands in an outdoor marketplace .	the man is outdoors at a soup .	0
an indian woman stands in an outdoor marketplace .	a crowd is outdoors a doors .	0
an indian woman stands in an outdoor marketplace .	a crowd is outdoors a holding row .	0
an indian woman stands in an outdoor marketplace .	an indoor jockey is playing .	2
an indian woman stands in an outdoor marketplace .	an individual pulling at the forest .	2
an indian woman stands in an outdoor marketplace .	the cradle assembling is playing .	2
an indian woman stands in an outdoor marketplace .	the toyota cycle is playing .	2
an indian woman stands in an outdoor marketplace .	the humans sprints is playing . people	2
an indian woman stands in an outdoor marketplace .	the employee away at the supermarket .	2
an indian woman stands in an outdoor marketplace .	the human playing is batting .	2
an indian woman stands in an outdoor marketplace .	the humans is asian the fireplace . to	2
an indian woman stands in an outdoor marketplace .	an indoor creepy took the <oov> .	2
an indian woman stands in an outdoor marketplace .	the carpenter competes is playing . to	2
an indian woman stands in an outdoor marketplace .	the couples ordering is playing . to	2
an indian woman stands in an outdoor marketplace .	the human cheering is the mark .	2
an indian woman stands in an outdoor marketplace .	an indoor diner playing the organ . a	2
an indian woman stands in an outdoor marketplace .	the human took is playing .	2
an indian woman stands in an outdoor marketplace .	the humans tackle is playing .	2
an indian woman stands in an outdoor marketplace .	the cheering fair is playing .	2
an indian woman stands in an outdoor marketplace .	the couples pounding playing the restaraunt .	2
an indian woman stands in an outdoor marketplace .	the humans is actually the net .	2
an indian woman stands in an outdoor marketplace .	the humans finished is playing .	2
an indian woman stands in an outdoor marketplace .	the race performs at the cinema .	2
an indian woman stands in an outdoor marketplace .	the humans is playing the museum .	2
an indian woman stands in an outdoor marketplace .	an indoor talked enforcement the lesson .	2
an indian woman stands in an outdoor marketplace .	the humans plays at the supermarket .	2
an indian woman stands in an outdoor marketplace .	the humans is feeling the hand .	2
an indian woman stands in an outdoor marketplace .	the dirt miners is playing .	2
an indian woman stands in an outdoor marketplace .	the human entered is the dinosaurs .	2
an indian woman stands in an outdoor marketplace .	an individual yells is playing .	2
an indian woman stands in an outdoor marketplace .	the desk speaks is playing .	2
an indian woman stands in an outdoor marketplace .	the humans is asian the stage .	2
an indian woman stands in an outdoor marketplace .	the moped sings at the cinema .	2
an indian woman stands in an outdoor marketplace .	an interior interior playing the outside .	2
a lady stands outside of a mexican market .	merchandise is excersizing vacuum	2
a lady stands outside of a mexican market .	it was prisoners	2
a lady stands outside of a mexican market .	it was the light	2
a lady stands outside of a mexican market .	she rides the deliver	2
a lady stands outside of a mexican market .	a person is enjoying a food behind vine .	1
a lady stands outside of a mexican market .	a woman is enjoying a food is eating .	1
a lady stands outside of a mexican market .	a woman is enjoying a food on spring .	1
a lady stands outside of a mexican market .	a woman is enjoying a food at cinema .	1
a lady stands outside of a mexican market .	a woman is enjoying a food behind his house	1
a lady stands outside of a mexican market .	a woman is enjoying a food falling is .	1
a lady stands outside of a mexican market .	a woman is enjoying a food is eating .	1
a lady stands outside of a mexican market .	a woman is enjoying a food is eating .	1
a lady stands outside of a mexican market .	a woman is enjoying a food falling shows .	1
a lady stands outside of a mexican market .	a woman is enjoying a food behind loan .	1
a lady stands outside of a mexican market .	a woman is enjoying a food behind tusks .	1
a lady stands outside of a mexican market .	a woman is enjoying a food companions by	1
a lady stands outside of a mexican market .	a woman is enjoying a food quarry person	1
a lady stands outside of a mexican market .	a woman is enjoying a food eating cheerios .	1
a lady stands outside of a mexican market .	a woman is enjoying a food indoors himself .	1
a lady stands outside of a mexican market .	a woman is enjoying a food eating cheerios .	1
a lady stands outside of a mexican market .	a woman is enjoying a food falling eatery !	1
a lady stands outside of a mexican market .	a woman is enjoying a pleasant drinking coffee .	1
a lady stands outside of a mexican market .	a woman is enjoying a food behind his hands	1
a lady stands outside of a mexican market .	a woman is enjoying a food is eating	1
a lady stands outside of a mexican market .	a woman is enjoying a food on leaves	1
a lady stands outside of a mexican market .	a woman is enjoying a food eating bread .	1
a lady stands outside of a mexican market .	a woman is enjoying a food is eating .	1
a lady stands outside of a mexican market .	a woman is enjoying a food falling hurt .	1
a lady stands outside of a mexican market .	a woman is enjoying a swordfish hanging by himself	1
a lady stands outside of a mexican market .	a woman is enjoying a food soft arctic	1
a lady stands outside of a mexican market .	a woman is enjoying a food at black .	1
a lady stands outside of a mexican market .	a woman is enjoying a food behind carnival .	1
a lady stands outside of a mexican market .	a woman is enjoying a food at her .	1
a lady stands outside of a mexican market .	a woman is enjoying a food behind himself .	1
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	some people motorcycles black outside . to	0
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	a paper slipping is black .	0
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	some people dress down outside .	0
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	some people wearing black dresses .	0
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	some people dress down outside . a	0
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	some people wearing black dresses walk .	0
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	some people dress down outside .	0
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	some people wearing black headgear . ` not	0
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	some people dress down outside . to	0
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	some wearing black dress outside . to	0
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	some people wearing black outside . to	0
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	some people wearing black dresses . boy	0
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	a rose biker is paper .	0
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	some people dress down outside .	0
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	some people dress down outside .	0
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	some people silly black outside . to	0
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	some people dress black helmet outside . struts	0
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	some hang wearing black dresses . is	0
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	some people dress down outside .	0
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	some people dress down outside .	0
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	some people dress down outside .	0
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	some people wearing black dresses . attach	0
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	some people wearing black outside . is	0
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	some people wearing black dresses . not	0
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	some people wearing black tutus thing .	0
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	some people dress black farming .	0
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	some people tugging sit outside . of	0
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	some people dress down outside .	0
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	some people wearing black dresses walk .	0
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	some people wearing black bus . bill	0
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	some people long-haired motorcycle outside . along	0
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	some people dress down outside .	0
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	some people wearing black dresses .	0
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	some is wearing black dresses sons . farming	0
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	some people dress down outside .	0
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	some songs black lays black helmet .	0
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	some people wearing black dresses outside .	0
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	few people ride some people .	0
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	outdoor outside on the dark .	0
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	few people ride by people .	0
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	roller bikers in black and beer .	0
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	few men on the fountain .	0
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	few people ride some around .	0
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	few people ride through the . has	0
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	few people ride around their bike .	0
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	few men on the fountain .	0
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	few people ride through his . a	0
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	zombie headset in black and sandals . elephant	0
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	passersby family is in black . to owner	0
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	few men on the windows . to	0
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	outdoor <oov> stands in the asia .	0
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	outdoor <oov> watching in the crib .	0
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	few men ride some bingo . .	0
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	outdoor <oov> stands in the boat .	0
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	hawk <oov> sketch the bike .	0
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	few people ride some bingo .	0
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	few men in vests and beer . <oov>	0
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	few people are on the railroad .	0
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	few woman on to adults . to	0
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	few people ride some bingo . <oov>	0
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	few men on the people .	0
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	few men on the stair .	0
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	few people ride down people .	0
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	three males ride through the crowd .	0
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	few men in the crib . to	0
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	few people ride around some dolphins .	0
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	2 dogs on the bike .	0
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	few men on the stair .	0
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	few people ride some people .	0
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	few people ride around their opponent .	0
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	few people ride around their bike .	0
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	few people ride some people .	0
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	scrap men on the rafters .	0
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	some reporters dance routine white .	2
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	some stuffed petting comic with . a	2
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	some childrens wearing white t-shirts . bike	2
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	some paper human with white . darts	2
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	some families wearing white t-shirts . waring	2
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	some queue wearing white with . sacrifice	2
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	some electric hundred white blowtorch . boy	2
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	some divorced wearing white t-shirts . cracked	2
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	some flippers wearing white spots . came	2
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	some car is wearing hats . rolls	2
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	some hotel contestant is white . is	2
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	some pays wearing his google . to	2
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	some hailing wearing white t-shirts . the blackboard	2
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	some youngsters sit with white . is	2
a group of motorcycles wearing black .	some kittens bicycle with white . is	2
rose petals being thrown at an asian couple .	a human standing is climbing inside .	0
rose petals being thrown at an asian couple .	an asian women sits down stairs .	0
rose petals being thrown at an asian couple .	an asian women finishing a object .	0
rose petals being thrown at an asian couple .	an asian women gets a together .	0
rose petals being thrown at an asian couple .	an asian women shooting a hat .	0
rose petals being thrown at an asian couple .	an asian women boards of arena . .	0
rose petals being thrown at an asian couple .	an asian women playing huddle together .	0
rose petals being thrown at an asian couple .	an asian women lifting a hat .	0
rose petals being thrown at an asian couple .	a human standing climbing a hat .	0
rose petals being thrown at an asian couple .	an asian women intensely of open . <oov>	0
rose petals being thrown at an asian couple .	an asian couple of cuban together .	0
rose petals being thrown at an asian couple .	an asian women travel down together .	0
rose petals being thrown at an asian couple .	an asian women gets information together . 's	0
rose petals being thrown at an asian couple .	an asian women bounces together sense .	0
rose petals being thrown at an asian couple .	an asian women crawls of football . of	0
rose petals being thrown at an asian couple .	an asian women gets doing together . a	0
rose petals being thrown at an asian couple .	an asian women inhaling a hat .	0
rose petals being thrown at an asian couple .	a human standing sits down stairs . a	0
rose petals being thrown at an asian couple .	an asian women engage of cabbage . a	0
rose petals being thrown at an asian couple .	an asian women pose of pong .	0
rose petals being thrown at an asian couple .	a snowboarder standing is climbing together . a	0
rose petals being thrown at an asian couple .	a each woman is laying bored .	0
rose petals being thrown at an asian couple .	a an asian male wool together .	0
rose petals being thrown at an asian couple .	an asian women of wool .	0
rose petals being thrown at an asian couple .	a boy is asleep with a lungs toys .	2
rose petals being thrown at an asian couple .	a boy is asleep on a pier hotdog .	2
rose petals being thrown at an asian couple .	a boy is asleep with a soda cart .	2
rose petals being thrown at an asian couple .	a boy is asleep on a neon social .	2
rose petals being thrown at an asian couple .	a boy is asleep with a favorite flag .	2
rose petals being thrown at an asian couple .	a boy is asleep on a caravan lawnmower .	2
rose petals being thrown at an asian couple .	a boy is asleep with a plowing nap .	2
rose petals being thrown at an asian couple .	a boy is asleep under a garment booth .	2
rose petals being thrown at an asian couple .	a boy is asleep with a lost bucket .	2
rose petals being thrown at an asian couple .	a person just swept measuring .	1
rose petals being thrown at an asian couple .	a women just got married . of little	1
rose petals being thrown at an asian couple .	a couple is just got married .	1
rose petals being thrown at an asian couple .	a couple and fashion capsized .	1
rose petals being thrown at an asian couple .	a man is shivering nursing .	1
rose petals being thrown at an asian couple .	a couple is tubing serene .	1
rose petals being thrown at an asian couple .	a women is just got .	1
rose petals being thrown at an asian couple .	a women is just got married .	1
rose petals being thrown at an asian couple .	a couple is choking yawning . is	1
rose petals being thrown at an asian couple .	a person just defending decorating . with	1
rose petals being thrown at an asian couple .	a man is wrapping transporting .	1
rose petals being thrown at an asian couple .	a couple is just got married . .	1
rose petals being thrown at an asian couple .	a women just had married . is	1
rose petals being thrown at an asian couple .	a couple is just got .	1
rose petals being thrown at an asian couple .	a man is crashing belts .	1
rose petals being thrown at an asian couple .	a women just got colorful . about	1
rose petals being thrown at an asian couple .	a couple is puzzled just .	1
rose petals being thrown at an asian couple .	a man is focusing indoor .	1
rose petals being thrown at an asian couple .	a man is dressed occurring .	1
rose petals being thrown at an asian couple .	a women is just rescued .	1
rose petals being thrown at an asian couple .	a couple is just got married .	1
two friends having a laugh .	two people are laughing . parasailing	0
two friends having a laugh .	two people are arab .	0
two friends having a laugh .	two people are laughing . `	0
two friends having a laugh .	two people are laughing . washing	0
two friends having a laugh .	two people are laughing . .	0
two friends having a laugh .	two people are yelling .	0
two friends having a laugh .	two people are ugly .	0
two friends having a laugh .	two people are laughing . `	0
two friends having a laugh .	two people are laughing . people	0
two friends having a laugh .	two people are laughing . to	0
two friends having a laugh .	two people are laughing . and	0
two friends having a laugh .	the homeless people hands .	0
two friends having a laugh .	two people are laughing . samples	0
two friends having a laugh .	two people are laughing . people	0
two friends having a laugh .	two people are hunched .	0
two friends having a laugh .	two people are laughing . about	0
two friends having a laugh .	two people are laughing . to	0
two friends having a laugh .	two people are laughing . `	0
two friends having a laugh .	two people are laughing . `	0
two friends having a laugh .	two people are laughing . to	0
two friends having a laugh .	two people are laughing . to	0
two friends having a laugh .	two people are laughing . `	0
two friends having a laugh .	two people are yelling .	0
two friends having a laugh .	two people are laughing . to	0
two friends having a laugh .	two people are laughing . `	0
two friends having a laugh .	two people are laughing . to	0
two friends having a laugh .	two people are laughing . .	0
two friends having a laugh .	the woman has a hobo guide home .	2
two friends having a laugh .	the woman has a tuxedo and snacks .	2
two friends having a laugh .	the woman defense a long assemble activity .	2
two friends having a laugh .	the woman has a hooded balloon and .	2
two friends having a laugh .	the woman has a hammer of the .	2
two friends having a laugh .	the child in a ladybug of rings .	2
two friends having a laugh .	the people are having a picnic center .	2
two friends having a laugh .	the people are having a picnic picnic .	2
two friends having a laugh .	the child in a top of the .	2
two friends having a laugh .	the woman has a hit of freckles .	2
two friends having a laugh .	the woman has a hit for treasure .	2
two friends having a laugh .	the woman showered a couch working center .	2
two friends having a laugh .	the woman has a cry is guide .	2
two friends having a laugh .	the woman has a hit for markers .	2
two friends having a laugh .	the woman has a fried working toe .	2
two friends having a laugh .	the woman has a butt picnic center .	2
two friends having a laugh .	the people are having a picnic center .	2
two friends having a laugh .	the woman has a hit halloween wake .	2
two friends having a laugh .	the people are having a picnic center .	2
two friends having a laugh .	the people are having a picnic center .	2
two friends having a laugh .	the people are having a picnic center .	2
two friends having a laugh .	the woman has a suited for camera .	2
two friends having a laugh .	the woman has a backflip is instead .	2
two friends having a laugh .	the people are having a picnic center .	2
two friends having a laugh .	the woman has a go-kart is surprised . of	2
two friends having a laugh .	the woman has a having picnic letters .	2
two friends having a laugh .	the woman has a dishwasher for pizza .	2
two friends having a laugh .	the people are having a picnic center .	2
two friends having a laugh .	the woman has a hit lifting sticker .	2
two friends having a laugh .	the woman has a idea and asphalt .	2
a man and a woman are laughing .	two people are happy . people	0
a man and a woman are laughing .	two people are having road .	2
a man and a woman are laughing .	two people are stolen . . .	2
a man and a woman are laughing .	two people are flags . a	2
a man and a woman are laughing .	two people are rocky . a	2
a man and a woman are laughing .	two people are swimming .	2
a man and a woman are laughing .	two people are fastening .	2
a man and a woman are laughing .	two people are commercial .	2
a man and a woman are laughing .	two people are engaging . a	2
a man and a woman are laughing .	two people are rocky . a	2
a man and a woman are laughing .	two people are rotten .	2
a man and a woman are laughing .	two people are demonstrate .	2
a man and a woman are laughing .	two people are rusty . .	2
a man and a woman are laughing .	two people are fastening .	2
a man and a woman are laughing .	two people are ascending .	2
a man and a woman are laughing .	two people are drinking . a	2
a man and a woman are laughing .	two people are descending . .	2
a man and a woman are laughing .	two people are descending . .	2
a man and a woman are laughing .	two people are pictured . a	2
a man and a woman are laughing .	two people are rusty . .	2
a man and a woman are laughing .	two people are swimming .	2
a man and a woman are laughing .	two people are descending . .	2
a man and a woman are laughing .	two people are crying . .	2
a man and a woman are laughing .	two people are struggling . .	2
a man and a woman are laughing .	two people are cheerleading .	2
a man and a woman are laughing .	two people are goal . of motorcycle	2
people are shopping around christmas time for decorations .	people are seats against a woman round .	2
people are shopping around christmas time for decorations .	people are exploring unpacking in a restraunt .	2
people are shopping around christmas time for decorations .	people are fighting touching an a wireless .	2
people are shopping around christmas time for decorations .	a people have laundry on a mountian night .	2
people are shopping around christmas time for decorations .	people are americans fighting in a audience .	2
people are shopping around christmas time for decorations .	people are buying different products in a restaurant .	2
people are shopping around christmas time for decorations .	people are fighting knocked in a huddle .	2
people are shopping around christmas time for decorations .	a people have magic herbs a round .	2
people are shopping around christmas time for decorations .	people are peeing prostitutes in a restraunt .	2
people are shopping around christmas time for decorations .	a people growing bring are at a laboratory	2
people are shopping around christmas time for decorations .	a people are conversing in a action pool .	2
people are shopping around christmas time for decorations .	people are buying though at a banquet .	2
people are shopping around christmas time for decorations .	people are explaining fisherman in a restraunt .	2
people are shopping around christmas time for decorations .	the child has escaped dreadlocks a cue horizontal .	2
people are shopping around christmas time for decorations .	people are battle knocked at a softball .	2
people are shopping around christmas time for decorations .	people are wrestling fighting in a restraunt .	2
people are shopping around christmas time for decorations .	people are battle playing in a action .	2
people are shopping around christmas time for decorations .	people are buying crowding for a human wireless .	2
people are shopping around christmas time for decorations .	people are encouraging growing together in a marathon .	2
people are shopping around christmas time for decorations .	people are exploring recording a go biking .	2
people are shopping around christmas time for decorations .	people are exiting fighting an a blender .	2
people are shopping around christmas time for decorations .	the people are fleeing tattoos in a stadium	2
people are shopping around christmas time for decorations .	people are typing yellowstone a round shoot .	2
people are shopping around christmas time for decorations .	people are encouraging towards outdoors a biker .	2
people are shopping around christmas time for decorations .	the child people are riding in a marathon .	2
people are shopping around christmas time for decorations .	a people have alot of a snowboarder .	2
people are shopping around christmas time for decorations .	people are seats against an a runway building .	2
people are shopping around christmas time for decorations .	people are recording wrestling in a audience .	2
people are shopping around christmas time for decorations .	the people are protecting one a walk .	2
people are shopping around christmas time for decorations .	the people are exiting outdoors in a pool .	2
people are shopping around christmas time for decorations .	people are crowding rowing in a restraunt .	2
people are shopping around christmas time for decorations .	people are photographed growing in a huddle .	2
people are shopping around christmas time for decorations .	people are buying salad and a pocket displays .	2
people are shopping around christmas time for decorations .	the people are exiting to in a prairie .	2
people are shopping around christmas time for decorations .	people are sprinting growing is a cushion .	2
people are shopping around christmas time for decorations .	people are buying battle at a firework snow .	2
people are shopping around christmas time for decorations .	child reaches learns things .	0
people are shopping around christmas time for decorations .	people supporting model appears .	0
people are shopping around christmas time for decorations .	woman buying her johns . to	0
people are shopping around christmas time for decorations .	people try buying things .	0
people are shopping around christmas time for decorations .	woman buying her goers .	0
people are shopping around christmas time for decorations .	a wineglass animal belted .	0
people are shopping around christmas time for decorations .	people row blocks someones .	0
people are shopping around christmas time for decorations .	people pretty vests multitasking .	0
people are shopping around christmas time for decorations .	people dig 5 farmers .	0
people are shopping around christmas time for decorations .	people plans around arguing .	0
people are shopping around christmas time for decorations .	people boxers surfboards swings .	0
people are shopping around christmas time for decorations .	people around strangers games .	0
people are shopping around christmas time for decorations .	people boxers spaghetti match . small	0
people are shopping around christmas time for decorations .	boy teaches her daughters .	0
people are shopping around christmas time for decorations .	people straight passersby things .	0
people are shopping around christmas time for decorations .	people inside total expedition .	0
people are shopping around christmas time for decorations .	boy received her smoke .	0
people are shopping around christmas time for decorations .	people expert connection directing .	0
people are shopping around christmas time for decorations .	people fighting half survivor .	0
people are shopping around christmas time for decorations .	people compete guard displaying . ,	0
a shirtless man skateboards on a ledge .	everybody is feeding a cable	2
a shirtless man skateboards on a ledge .	everybody is testing a plane	2
a shirtless man skateboards on a ledge .	vending janitor is going a	2
a shirtless man skateboards on a ledge .	everybody works is riding a road	2
a shirtless man skateboards on a ledge .	everybody works to riding a rollercoaster	2
a shirtless man skateboards on a ledge .	everybody outdoors is a pharmacist	2
four people stand in front of trees .	a man is artificial chasing for summery <oov> .	1
four people stand in front of trees .	a man is 5k proudly for her grandchild	1
four people stand in front of trees .	a man is texting nights while for red tonight	1
four people stand in front of trees .	a man is bustling paperwork for his family	1
four people stand in front of trees .	a man is adding granite for his toy .	1
four people stand in front of trees .	a man is dribbling an square on <oov> .	1
four people stand in front of trees .	a man is feeding violin for his family .	1
four people stand in front of trees .	four people is filled . .	0
four people stand in front of trees .	the dog is waist . .	0
four people stand in front of trees .	the lamp is filled .	0
four people stand in front of trees .	four people play board .	0
four people stand in front of trees .	the couch is helped . .	0
four people stand in front of trees .	four people play board .	0
four people stand in front of trees .	four people play monkey . .	0
four people stand in front of trees .	four people play board .	0
four people stand in front of trees .	the couch eats street . .	0
four people stand in front of trees .	the dog is tanning .	0
four people stand in front of trees .	the dog is waterskiing . is birdhouse	0
four people stand in front of trees .	four people is dancers . .	0
four people stand in front of trees .	four people play board .	0
four people stand in front of trees .	the transporting is filled .	0
four people stand in front of trees .	four people sweeping .	0
four people stand in front of trees .	four people play planter . to	0
four people stand in front of trees .	the dog is huddling .	0
four people stand in front of trees .	the dog is jumped . .	0
four people stand in front of trees .	four people lie . .	0
four people stand in front of trees .	four people outdoor .	0
four people stand in front of trees .	the dog is waterskiing . background	0
four people stand in front of trees .	the dog is plucking . .	0
four people stand in front of trees .	the family is filled .	0
four people stand in front of trees .	the males man shows . .	0
four people stand in front of trees .	the dog is stolen . .	0
four people stand in front of trees .	the outdoor is answers . .	0
four people stand in front of trees .	the dog is harnessed . is	0
four people stand in front of trees .	the ocean is filled .	0
four people stand in front of trees .	four people play t-ball . is	0
four people stand in front of trees .	four people play board .	0
four people stand in front of trees .	four people onlookers . .	0
four people stand in front of trees .	the dog is fleeing . .	0
four people stand in front of trees .	four people play board .	0
four people stand in front of trees .	the dog is dolly .	0
four people stand in front of trees .	the man is filled .	0
four people stand in front of trees .	the couch is filled .	0
four people stand in front of trees .	four people play .	0
four people stand in front of trees .	the dog is motionless . .	0
four people stand in front of trees .	the dog is wielding .	0
elderly woman climbing up the stairs .	the young person is boarding of the obstacles .	2
elderly woman climbing up the stairs .	the young person is boarding to a menu	2
elderly woman climbing up the stairs .	the young person is butchering about the funny	2
elderly woman climbing up the stairs .	the young person is taller learning to church	2
elderly woman climbing up the stairs .	the young person is frowning riding a chart .	2
elderly woman climbing up the stairs .	the young person is boarding down a stairs .	2
elderly woman climbing up the stairs .	the young person is learn riding to board .	2
elderly woman climbing up the stairs .	the young person is boarding to a guy .	2
elderly woman climbing up the stairs .	the young person is lounging to a mannequins .	2
elderly woman climbing up the stairs .	the young person is taller of to board .	2
elderly woman climbing up the stairs .	the young person is boarding down a city .	2
elderly woman climbing up the stairs .	the young person is boarding of the journey .	2
elderly woman climbing up the stairs .	the young person is licking down a city sidewalk	2
elderly woman climbing up the stairs .	the young person is learn to a fundraiser .	2
elderly woman climbing up the stairs .	the young person is taller with a red bag	2
elderly woman climbing up the stairs .	the young person is taller with a red jacket	2
elderly woman climbing up the stairs .	the young person is frowning riding a clinic .	2
elderly woman climbing up the stairs .	the young person is taller about over home .	2
elderly woman climbing up the stairs .	the young person is taller grandson of road .	2
elderly woman climbing up the stairs .	the young person is taller than down stairs .	2
elderly woman climbing up the stairs .	the young person is boarding down a stairs .	2
elderly woman climbing up the stairs .	the young person walking down the pathway rail .	2
elderly woman climbing up the stairs .	the young person is awkwardly messing down stairs .	2
elderly woman climbing up the stairs .	the young person is learn to a light .	2
elderly woman climbing up the stairs .	the young person is boarding inside of polo .	2
elderly woman climbing up the stairs .	the young person is ice riding a steer .	2
elderly woman climbing up the stairs .	the young person is learn to red hedge .	2
elderly woman climbing up the stairs .	the young person is boarding riding a horse .	2
elderly woman climbing up the stairs .	the young person is taller learning to turn .	2
elderly woman climbing up the stairs .	the young person is boarding down a city street	2
elderly woman climbing up the stairs .	the young person is post to different goods .	2
elderly woman climbing up the stairs .	the young person was to get a game	2
a group of brown-haired teenagers doing laundry .	teens are doing a car .	2
a group of brown-haired teenagers doing laundry .	three men are accepting .	2
a group of brown-haired teenagers doing laundry .	three men are a beagle .	2
a group of brown-haired teenagers doing laundry .	caucasians are a camper . kick	2
a group of brown-haired teenagers doing laundry .	teens are doing a car . to	2
a group of brown-haired teenagers doing laundry .	guys are washing a popsicle . to	2
a group of brown-haired teenagers doing laundry .	teens are doing a car . an	2
a group of brown-haired teenagers doing laundry .	group of men burn a surprise .	0
a group of brown-haired teenagers doing laundry .	group of men run and buying .	0
a group of brown-haired teenagers doing laundry .	group of men and yellow conversing . to	0
a group of brown-haired teenagers doing laundry .	group of men having laundry veggies .	0
a group of brown-haired teenagers doing laundry .	group of men burn a recital .	0
a group of brown-haired teenagers doing laundry .	group of men and boys travel .	0
a group of brown-haired teenagers doing laundry .	group of people having a laundry .	0
a group of brown-haired teenagers doing laundry .	group of men run and stripes .	0
a group of brown-haired teenagers doing laundry .	group of men burn and hug .	0
a group of brown-haired teenagers doing laundry .	group of people having traditional tire .	0
a group of brown-haired teenagers doing laundry .	group of men burn a crowd .	0
a group of brown-haired teenagers doing laundry .	group of men practice a laundry .	0
a group of brown-haired teenagers doing laundry .	group of people having traditional cooking .	0
a group of brown-haired teenagers doing laundry .	group of men burn the surprise .	0
a group of brown-haired teenagers doing laundry .	group of men burn a coast .	0
a group of brown-haired teenagers doing laundry .	group of men and seats much .	0
a group of brown-haired teenagers doing laundry .	group of men burn the strip .	0
a group of brown-haired teenagers doing laundry .	group of men having doing laundry .	0
a group of brown-haired teenagers doing laundry .	group of men and seats property . a	0
a group of brown-haired teenagers doing laundry .	group of people having a tire .	0
a group of brown-haired teenagers doing laundry .	group of people having a surprise .	0
a group of brown-haired teenagers doing laundry .	group of men follow the stack .	0
a group of brown-haired teenagers doing laundry .	group of and landscapers having eye .	0
a group of brown-haired teenagers doing laundry .	group of men burn a strap . people	0
a group of brown-haired teenagers doing laundry .	group of men burn a hug .	0
a group of brown-haired teenagers doing laundry .	group of people having a midair .	0
a group of brown-haired teenagers doing laundry .	group of men burn a pear . to	0
a group of brown-haired teenagers doing laundry .	group of people having a tire .	0
a farmer tends to his chores .	a window is jumping a backdrop .	2
a farmer tends to his chores .	a farmer is jumping a tip .	2
a farmer tends to his chores .	a farmer is sleeps in playground . a	2
a farmer tends to his chores .	a canine is jumping a happy . before	2
a farmer tends to his chores .	a window is cleaning a muffin .	2
a farmer tends to his chores .	a farmer is jumping a musician .	2
a farmer tends to his chores .	a farmer is jumping a scope .	2
a farmer tends to his chores .	a farmer jumps in a hammock . a	2
a farmer tends to his chores .	a farmer is running a cafeteria .	2
a farmer tends to his chores .	a farmer is running in taken .	2
a farmer tends to his chores .	a guy is jumping a dell .	2
a farmer tends to his chores .	a canine is running in playground . a	2
a farmer tends to his chores .	a farmer is running a plate .	2
a farmer tends to his chores .	a farmer is performing a bmx .	2
a farmer tends to his chores .	a guy is cleaning a fly .	2
a farmer tends to his chores .	a farmer is running in playground .	2
a farmer tends to his chores .	a farmer is running in different .	2
a farmer tends to his chores .	a farmer is performing a crowded .	2
a farmer tends to his chores .	a volunteer is running in playground rodeo .	2
a farmer tends to his chores .	a farmer is jumping in playground .	2
a farmer tends to his chores .	a farmer is jumping a sheet .	2
a farmer tends to his chores .	a farmer is jumping in atv . peach	2
a farmer tends to his chores .	a mascot is running a dragster .	2
a older man working at a loom	a girl is delivering the skateboarders of canvas .	1
a older man working at a loom	a girl is display his best a speech .	1
a older man working at a loom	the girl is ascending to catch iceberg of them	1
a older man working at a loom	a girl is covering the top of soap .	1
a older man working at a loom	a girl is uncomfortable because is about someone .	1
a older man working at a loom	a girl is display his act for a dog	1
a older man working at a loom	a girl is enjoying the participates of beans .	1
a older man working at a loom	a girl is pole the beach of stir .	1
a older man working at a loom	a girl is cruising to present for next .	1
a older man working at a loom	a girl is ironing offering for the paintball .	1
a older man working at a loom	a girl is covering the top of honey .	1
a older man working at a loom	a girl is shocked to get of volleyball .	1
a older man working at a loom	a girl is soldering to catch of pumpkin .	1
a older man working at a loom	a girl is pulling to carve of yarn .	1
a older man working at a loom	a girl is clearing the sack of fame .	1
a older man working at a loom	a girl is slapping to greets of yarn .	1
a older man working at a loom	a girl is undergoing they about the medal .	1
a older man working at a loom	a girl is ascending enjoying the netting of wood	1
a older man working at a loom	a girl is clearing the top of beans .	1
a older man working at a loom	a girl is sticking hatless to of water .	1
a older man working at a loom	a girl is teasing to catch of ohio	1
a older man working at a loom	a girl is ascending with door and welding .	1
two women in lingerie with green feathers around waist	a woman is rowing . . a	0
two women in lingerie with green feathers around waist	a woman is dunking .	0
two women in lingerie with green feathers around waist	a woman is entertained .	0
two women in lingerie with green feathers around waist	a woman is seeking .	0
two women in lingerie with green feathers around waist	a woman is rafting . .	0
two women in lingerie with green feathers around waist	a woman is n .	0
two women in lingerie with green feathers around waist	a woman is thinking . is	0
two women in lingerie with green feathers around waist	a woman is accordian . is	0
two women in lingerie with green feathers around waist	a woman is cooking .	0
two women in lingerie with green feathers around waist	a woman is n . fit	0
two women in lingerie with green feathers around waist	a woman is headless .	0
two women in lingerie with green feathers around waist	a woman is stroking . to	0
two women in lingerie with green feathers around waist	a woman is unpacking .	0
two women in lingerie with green feathers around waist	a woman is parachuting .	0
two women in lingerie with green feathers around waist	two <oov> 's son meditation is crying .	0
two women in lingerie with green feathers around waist	two man is squinting badges selling cakes .	0
two women in lingerie with green feathers around waist	two man is oddly because of crazy .	0
two women in lingerie with green feathers around waist	two man is plucking th about corn .	0
two women in lingerie with green feathers around waist	two man is filming something brown stop .	0
two women in lingerie with green feathers around waist	two man fishing strips has brown crowded .	0
two women in lingerie with green feathers around waist	two man is transporting something selling mugs .	0
two women in lingerie with green feathers around waist	two man is considering buying something brown .	0
two women in lingerie with green feathers around waist	two man is dumping bowed something somewhere .	0
two women in lingerie with green feathers around waist	two boys 's son about chicken clothing .	0
two women in lingerie with green feathers around waist	two man is dumping wallet due sample .	0
two women in lingerie with green feathers around waist	two man walk ice rear head shampoo .	0
two women in lingerie with green feathers around waist	two man is hunting representing hot outside .	0
two women in lingerie with green feathers around waist	two man is filming something all required .	0
two women in lingerie with green feathers around waist	two man is filming something all earlier .	0
two women in lingerie with green feathers around waist	two man intends table sells something held .	0
two women in lingerie with green feathers around waist	two man is walker pepper about engaging .	0
two women in lingerie with green feathers around waist	two man running loose windows to bicycles .	0
two women in lingerie with green feathers around waist	two <oov> african mickey traditional enjoyed conditioner .	0
two small girls are holding stuffed animals .	there are two children in this photo .	0
two small girls are holding stuffed animals .	there are two children in green pajamas .	0
two small girls are holding stuffed animals .	there are two children in black painting .	0
two small girls are holding stuffed animals .	there are two children in physical build .	0
two small girls are holding stuffed animals .	there are two children in this bleachers .	0
two small girls are holding stuffed animals .	there are two children in this ride .	0
two small girls are holding stuffed animals .	there are two children in black arms .	0
two small girls are holding stuffed animals .	there are two children in the marines .	0
two small girls are holding stuffed animals .	there are two children in the refugees .	0
two small girls are holding stuffed animals .	there are two children in the bleachers .	0
people looking at tall oriental art piece .	people are looking at art	0
people looking at tall oriental art piece .	people are looking at art	0
people looking at tall oriental art piece .	people are looking at art	0
people looking at tall oriental art piece .	people are looking at art	0
people looking at tall oriental art piece .	people are looking at art	0
people looking at tall oriental art piece .	people are looking at art .	0
people looking at tall oriental art piece .	people are looking at art	0
people looking at tall oriental art piece .	people are looking at art	0
people looking at tall oriental art piece .	people are looking at art	0
people looking at tall oriental art piece .	people are purchasing art gallery	0
people looking at tall oriental art piece .	people are looking at art	0
people looking at tall oriental art piece .	people are looking at art	0
people looking at tall oriental art piece .	people are looking at art	0
people looking at tall oriental art piece .	people are looking at art	0
people looking at tall oriental art piece .	people are looking at art	0
people looking at tall oriental art piece .	people are looking at art .	0
people looking at tall oriental art piece .	people are looking at art	0
people looking at tall oriental art piece .	people are looking at art	0
people looking at tall oriental art piece .	people are looking at art	0
people looking at tall oriental art piece .	people are looking at art	0
people looking at tall oriental art piece .	people are looking at art	0
people looking at tall oriental art piece .	people are looking at art	0
people looking at tall oriental art piece .	people are looking at art	0
people looking at tall oriental art piece .	people are looking at art	0
people looking at tall oriental art piece .	people are looking at art	0
people looking at tall oriental art piece .	people are looking at art	0
people looking at tall oriental art piece .	people are looking at crawled	0
people looking at tall oriental art piece .	people are looking at art	0
people looking at tall oriental art piece .	people are looking at art	0
people looking at tall oriental art piece .	people are looking at art .	0
people looking at tall oriental art piece .	people are looking at cages	0
people looking at tall oriental art piece .	people are looking at art	0
people looking at tall oriental art piece .	people are looking at art	0
people looking at tall oriental art piece .	people are looking at art	0
people looking at tall oriental art piece .	people are looking at art	0
people looking at tall oriental art piece .	people are looking at art .	0
people looking at tall oriental art piece .	people are looking at art	0
people looking at tall oriental art piece .	people are looking at art	0
people looking at tall oriental art piece .	people are looking at art	0
people looking at tall oriental art piece .	people are looking at art	0
people looking at tall oriental art piece .	people are running a marathon .	2
a man examines his facial hair .	the man is travelling an empty wedding eyes .	0
a man examines his facial hair .	a man is reporting in subway his hobby .	0
a man examines his facial hair .	a man is looking at her manual his scolding	0
a man examines his facial hair .	a man is conducting for his easter unoccupied .	0
a man examines his facial hair .	a man is looking at smartly kindergarten tool trees	0
a man examines his facial hair .	the man is grow in his pet artwork .	0
a man examines his facial hair .	a man is roman silver his face away .	0
a man examines his facial hair .	a man is disappointed groceries his face alone .	0
a man examines his facial hair .	a man is looking at his favorite alone .	0
a man examines his facial hair .	a man is showing from his learns equipment .	0
a man examines his facial hair .	a man is aiming in his pet doctors .	0
a man examines his facial hair .	a man is sawing bars with his trees .	0
a man examines his facial hair .	a man is avoiding an acoustic noodle builder .	0
a man examines his facial hair .	a man is avoiding peanut his face leftover hands	0
a man examines his facial hair .	the man is looking at jewelry his face .	0
a man examines his facial hair .	a man is shirtless suspended with his tractor .	0
a man examines his facial hair .	a man is showing people from his manhole .	0
a man examines his facial hair .	a man is stretching in his boxing syrup .	0
a man examines his facial hair .	a man is barbecuing with his face drawn .	0
a man examines his facial hair .	the man is kneeling buries with his puppet .	0
a man examines his facial hair .	the man is cabin wild with his friends .	0
a man examines his facial hair .	a man is pure plays an airplane store .	0
a man examines his facial hair .	the man is looking at his face exterior .	0
a man examines his facial hair .	a man is lacing in his boxing half-time .	0
a man examines his facial hair .	a man is plain he with his eyes .	0
a man examines his facial hair .	a man is guarding dozen an airplane store .	0
a man examines his facial hair .	a man is lacing in his subway lenses .	0
a man examines his facial hair .	the man is looking at abilities empty wreck .	0
a group of people having a conversation .	a candle shirt is taking a leisurely .	0
a group of people having a conversation .	a stripper talk to hide each other .	0
a group of people having a conversation .	a conducting man is working intently headed .	0
a group of people having a conversation .	a punch shirt playing to balloon dinner .	0
a group of people having a conversation .	a gray-haired women is taking a nap	0
a group of people having a conversation .	a ice people talk to each other .	0
a group of people having a conversation .	a violin to dogs fifth to sleep .	0
a group of people having a conversation .	a deserted plays to childs ballet angels .	0
a group of people having a conversation .	a stuntman people talk to silver campus .	0
a group of people having a conversation .	a sculptor dj walking to picnic ballet .	0
a group of people having a conversation .	a new man is listening to marbles .	0
a group of people having a conversation .	a balding walking to captain each other .	0
a group of people having a conversation .	a stripper walking to have fun noon .	0
a group of people having a conversation .	a deserted shirt playing to each other .	0
a group of people having a conversation .	a cockpit plays to a balloon meal .	0
a group of people having a conversation .	athletes celebrate and bacon train home cats .	0
a group of people having a conversation .	a reporter man is working crafts .	0
a group of people having a conversation .	a rapper man is taking a nap .	0
a group of people having a conversation .	a parking walking to laborers in warehouse .	0
a group of people having a conversation .	a deserted shirt playing to drive class .	0
a group of people having a conversation .	a brass 's taking a nap working .	0
a group of people having a conversation .	a violin has busy working for frisbee .	0
a group of people having a conversation .	a snack shirt in parking working easel .	0
a group of people having a conversation .	a deserted walking to noses a loom .	0
a group of people having a conversation .	a gray-haired man is taking a nap .	0
a group of people having a conversation .	a deserted throws is scratching ballet baskets .	0
a group of people having a conversation .	a marketplace sidewalk not playing catch soil .	0
a group of people having a conversation .	a celebration saws and a new dish .	0
a group of people having a conversation .	a new man is taking a nap .	0
a group of people having a conversation .	a deserted coals to dogs tape washer .	0
a group of people having a conversation .	a topless and talk to each other .	0
a group of people having a conversation .	a shop with men prepare to drive .	0
a group of people having a conversation .	woman performing holding surgeons went . to a	1
a group of people having a conversation .	woman performing wearing seems vertically .	1
a group of people having a conversation .	two heavy dark-haired men smoke .	1
a group of people having a conversation .	a woman stand next torch . of	1
a group of people having a conversation .	woman wearing skirts injured 5 . a	1
a group of people having a conversation .	woman wearing boots talking about newspaper . about	1
a group of people having a conversation .	a workers are talking about politics .	1
a group of people having a conversation .	there are laying talking numbers . biplane	1
a group of people having a conversation .	woman wearing boots welding smoke . to	1
a group of people having a conversation .	a woman talking about agility . to	1
a group of people having a conversation .	there woman performing that crowd .	1
a group of people having a conversation .	a woman talking about politics .	1
a group of people having a conversation .	woman wearing skirts injured bars . at	1
a group of people having a conversation .	there are twenty wearing vests . to	1
a group of people having a conversation .	woman examines there construction that .	1
a group of people having a conversation .	woman wearing boots apparel strawberries . across	1
a group of people having a conversation .	woman carry talking about paper . a	1
a group of people having a conversation .	woman wearing climbing pants wardrobe . is	1
a group of people having a conversation .	a woman talking about politics .	1
a group of people having a conversation .	woman laughing about to dump wakeboarding . through	1
a group of people having a conversation .	woman wearing skirts practices fighting . <oov>	1
a group of people having a conversation .	a woman wearing normal sandals . a	1
a group of people having a conversation .	a workers are talking about politics .	1
a group of people having a conversation .	woman wearing shopping blindfold cant . to a	1
a group of people having a conversation .	a woman practices talking about bagels .	1
a group of people having a conversation .	woman wearing a desktop pants . <oov>	1
a group of people having a conversation .	woman there currently about local .	1
a group of people having a conversation .	people are washing the bahamas .	2
a group of people having a conversation .	people are near the speed . simultaneously	2
a group of people having a conversation .	people are near the bahamas .	2
a group of people having a conversation .	people are near the nascar .	2
a group of people having a conversation .	people are washing the dishes .	2
a group of people having a conversation .	people are ignoring the waiter .	2
a group of people having a conversation .	people are washing the dishes .	2
the german shepherd runs happily in the park .	dog chasing rocks .	0
the german shepherd runs happily in the park .	dog chews math .	0
the german shepherd runs happily in the park .	dog runs outside .	0
the german shepherd runs happily in the park .	dog chasing sailing .	0
the german shepherd runs happily in the park .	dog chasing runs .	0
the german shepherd runs happily in the park .	dog chasing cows .	0
the german shepherd runs happily in the park .	dog chasing lesbian .	0
the german shepherd runs happily in the park .	dog chasing cows .	0
the german shepherd runs happily in the park .	dog chasing trainer .	0
the german shepherd runs happily in the park .	dog chasing tips .	0
the german shepherd runs happily in the park .	dog runs outside .	0
the german shepherd runs happily in the park .	dog chews comforting .	0
the german shepherd runs happily in the park .	dog chasing bull .	0
the german shepherd runs happily in the park .	dog runs outside .	0
the german shepherd runs happily in the park .	dog runs outside .	0
the german shepherd runs happily in the park .	dog runs outside .	0
the german shepherd runs happily in the park .	dog chasing belly . people turkey platoon	0
the german shepherd runs happily in the park .	dog displays outside .	0
the german shepherd runs happily in the park .	dog stalks summertime .	0
the german shepherd runs happily in the park .	dog runs outside .	0
the german shepherd runs happily in the park .	dog closes . . .	0
the german shepherd runs happily in the park .	dog chasing bushes .	0
the german shepherd runs happily in the park .	dog chasing bull .	0
the german shepherd runs happily in the park .	dog runs outside .	0
the german shepherd runs happily in the park .	dog runs outside .	0
the german shepherd runs happily in the park .	dog chasing combat . to	0
the german shepherd runs happily in the park .	dog chasing bull .	0
the german shepherd runs happily in the park .	dog enjoy waves .	0
the german shepherd runs happily in the park .	dog chasing disabled .	0
the german shepherd runs happily in the park .	dog breaks out .	0
the german shepherd runs happily in the park .	dog yawns outside . .	0
the german shepherd runs happily in the park .	dog tumbling outside .	0
the german shepherd runs happily in the park .	dog chasing booths .	0
the german shepherd runs happily in the park .	dog loves chasing .	0
the german shepherd runs happily in the park .	dog runs outside .	0
the german shepherd runs happily in the park .	dog chasing rodent .	0
the german shepherd runs happily in the park .	dog chasing cowboys . . turkey	0
the german shepherd runs happily in the park .	dog runs outside .	0
the german shepherd runs happily in the park .	dog sniffing horse .	0
the german shepherd runs happily in the park .	dog runs outside .	0
the german shepherd runs happily in the park .	<oov> individuals somber with his owner band .	1
the german shepherd runs happily in the park .	dog runs with their helmet bike tricks .	1
the german shepherd runs happily in the park .	dog chasing runs with his owner tricks .	1
the german shepherd runs happily in the park .	businessmen dog naps with his owner showering .	1
the german shepherd runs happily in the park .	dog shading runs on his owner crotch .	1
the german shepherd runs happily in the park .	dog runs snowmobiles with his owner line .	1
the german shepherd runs happily in the park .	dog chasing runs with his owner farming .	1
the german shepherd runs happily in the park .	man runs repairs with his owner bike .	1
the german shepherd runs happily in the park .	individuals <oov> rid with his owner boyfriend .	1
the german shepherd runs happily in the park .	dog chasing runs with his owner line .	1
the german shepherd runs happily in the park .	boys drinking together down donkeys . a	2
the german shepherd runs happily in the park .	santa men inside on the doorstep . nationality	2
the german shepherd runs happily in the park .	bicycle it down dusty outside . a	2
a young boy in green is practicing kicking .	the two child is playing soccer	1
a young boy in green is practicing kicking .	the young person is playing soccer underway .	1
a young boy in green is practicing kicking .	the young person is playing soccer set	1
a young boy in green is practicing kicking .	the young boy is playing a volleyball	1
a young boy in green is practicing kicking .	the young person is playing soccer in shorts .	1
a young boy in green is practicing kicking .	the young person is playing soccer robots .	1
a young redheaded woman laughs at something .	a fat person dries above an island .	1
a young redheaded woman laughs at something .	a fat person brushes behind seafood house .	1
a young redheaded woman laughs at something .	a fat person lies through gold house .	1
a young redheaded woman laughs at something .	a truck various across this traffic ticket .	1
a young redheaded woman laughs at something .	a convertible truck prepares the vehicles buckets .	1
a young redheaded woman laughs at something .	a fat vehicle through the bouncy house .	1
a young redheaded woman laughs at something .	a fat person braiding the wrench .	1
a young redheaded woman laughs at something .	a truck kneels across a track practicing .	1
a young redheaded woman laughs at something .	a fat person underneath the ancient house .	1
a young redheaded woman laughs at something .	a long leans features north 's stove .	1
a young redheaded woman laughs at something .	a long girl prepares peddling bites .	1
a young redheaded woman laughs at something .	a long girl get the potato oven .	1
a young redheaded woman laughs at something .	a fat person underneath the muddy shrine .	1
a young redheaded woman laughs at something .	a truck wax racing through the full .	1
a young redheaded woman laughs at something .	a fat wheeled behind red lakers .	1
a young redheaded woman laughs at something .	a fat person escapes through the floor .	1
a young redheaded woman laughs at something .	a truck paints through the full crops .	1
a young redheaded woman laughs at something .	a fat person approaches above ikea . hoe	1
a young redheaded woman laughs at something .	a fat person rested through an apartment .	1
a young redheaded woman laughs at something .	a conducting fixes is muddy lake .	0
a young redheaded woman laughs at something .	a rapper is judging hungry .	0
a young redheaded woman laughs at something .	a motorcyle woman is wrapped .	0
a young redheaded woman laughs at something .	a third from a covered cafe .	0
a young redheaded woman laughs at something .	a pumpkin builds an arab swords .	0
a young redheaded woman laughs at something .	a skiier vaulter is muddy hooks .	0
a young redheaded woman laughs at something .	a rastafarian woman steering a field . n	0
a young redheaded woman laughs at something .	a trashcan wo n't is crying .	0
a young redheaded woman laughs at something .	a legendary in hotel presented field . prayer	0
a young redheaded woman laughs at something .	a crocodile eating a pleasure . is	0
a young redheaded woman laughs at something .	a classic at a spell . <oov>	0
a young redheaded woman laughs at something .	a pastor is near a house .	0
a young redheaded woman laughs at something .	a redheaded person is peeling something .	0
a young redheaded woman laughs at something .	a wife is ending a report . tangled	0
a young redheaded woman laughs at something .	a pumpkin ignores an old container . to	0
a young redheaded woman laughs at something .	a age from a hte appetizers .	0
a young redheaded woman laughs at something .	a tribe woman is being hers .	0
a young redheaded woman laughs at something .	a stressed is racing a overtime .	0
a young redheaded woman laughs at something .	a pastor person holds a toddler .	0
a young redheaded woman laughs at something .	a slingshot sold an old shirt . to	0
a young redheaded woman laughs at something .	a baker is little hikers .	0
a young redheaded woman laughs at something .	a dryer is near a farmland .	0
a young redheaded woman laughs at something .	a gi person is presenting something .	0
a young redheaded woman laughs at something .	a rapper behind is being .	0
a young redheaded woman laughs at something .	a pastor person is wading .	0
a young redheaded woman laughs at something .	a downhill casting an old man .	0
a young redheaded woman laughs at something .	a mime person is muddy .	0
a young redheaded woman laughs at something .	a slip is fixing a pole .	0
a young redheaded woman laughs at something .	a curtain in muddy specific something . boy	0
a young redheaded woman laughs at something .	a colony is arresting a house .	0
a young redheaded woman laughs at something .	a beige is racing dozing .	0
a young redheaded woman laughs at something .	a motocross woman is notepad something .	0
a young redheaded woman laughs at something .	a pastor wo is grinning .	0
seven men are preparing to operate a helicopter	there are men at the helicopter .	0
seven men are preparing to operate a helicopter	there are men at the ocean .	0
seven men are preparing to operate a helicopter	there are men at the poem .	0
seven men are preparing to operate a helicopter	there are men at the ocean .	0
seven men are preparing to operate a helicopter	there are men at the ocean .	0
seven men are preparing to operate a helicopter	there are men at the ocean .	0
seven men are preparing to operate a helicopter	there are men at the cinema .	0
seven men are preparing to operate a helicopter	there were people playing the board .	0
seven men are preparing to operate a helicopter	there are men at the ocean . to	0
seven men are preparing to operate a helicopter	there were to stay the skateboarder . a	0
seven men are preparing to operate a helicopter	there are men at the ocean .	0
seven men are preparing to operate a helicopter	there are men playing the board .	0
seven men are preparing to operate a helicopter	there are men at the racetrack .	0
seven men are preparing to operate a helicopter	there are men at the forest .	0
seven men are preparing to operate a helicopter	there are men at the playground . <oov>	0
seven men are preparing to operate a helicopter	there are men at the cinema .	0
seven men are preparing to operate a helicopter	there are men at the joke .	0
seven men are preparing to operate a helicopter	there are men at the ocean .	0
seven men are preparing to operate a helicopter	there were people playing the board .	0
seven men are preparing to operate a helicopter	there are men at the ocean . in	0
seven men are preparing to operate a helicopter	there are men at the ocean .	0
seven men are preparing to operate a helicopter	there are men at the ocean .	0
seven men are preparing to operate a helicopter	there are men at the cinema .	0
seven men are preparing to operate a helicopter	there are men at the forest .	0
seven men are preparing to operate a helicopter	there are men at the supermarket .	0
seven men are preparing to operate a helicopter	there are men at the meats .	0
seven men are preparing to operate a helicopter	there are men at the joke .	0
seven men are preparing to operate a helicopter	there are men at the ocean .	0
seven men are preparing to operate a helicopter	there are men at the forest .	0
seven men are preparing to operate a helicopter	there are men at the ocean .	0
seven men are preparing to operate a helicopter	there are men at the forest .	0
seven men are preparing to operate a helicopter	there are men at the ocean .	0
seven men are preparing to operate a helicopter	there are men at the racetrack .	0
seven men are preparing to operate a helicopter	there are men at the ocean .	0
seven men are preparing to operate a helicopter	there are men at the forest .	0
seven men are preparing to operate a helicopter	there are men at the ocean . woman	0
people walk outside `` the <oov> bar '' .	people are sitting in the bar walkway .	2
people walk outside `` the <oov> bar '' .	people are sitting in the bar championships .	2
people walk outside `` the <oov> bar '' .	people are sitting in the bar o .	2
people walk outside `` the <oov> bar '' .	people are sitting in the river drinking .	2
people walk outside `` the <oov> bar '' .	people are sitting in the river strollers .	2
people walk outside `` the <oov> bar '' .	a kids is he ends after transportation .	1
people walk outside `` the <oov> bar '' .	a bird was blue doing walk prepare	1
people walk outside `` the <oov> bar '' .	a kids is chiseling after his elders .	1
people walk outside `` the <oov> bar '' .	a bird is upset to <oov> class .	1
people walk outside `` the <oov> bar '' .	a chef is upset secret to time water .	1
people walk outside `` the <oov> bar '' .	a kids is showcasing to their sheep	1
people walk outside `` the <oov> bar '' .	a man is upset outside of eachother	1
people walk outside `` the <oov> bar '' .	a man is relaxing to their bikes event .	1
people walk outside `` the <oov> bar '' .	a kids is showcasing to their first .	1
people walk outside `` the <oov> bar '' .	a kids is letting <oov> last technique	1
people walk outside `` the <oov> bar '' .	a kids is named go-cart to bought building	1
people walk outside `` the <oov> bar '' .	a kids is bounding up to onlookers .	1
people walk outside `` the <oov> bar '' .	a kids is bouncing beatles to live .	1
people walk outside `` the <oov> bar '' .	a bird was upset and relaxing art .	1
people walk outside `` the <oov> bar '' .	a bird made up to skateboard show	1
people walk outside `` the <oov> bar '' .	a bird is sharpening up to until pool .	1
people walk outside `` the <oov> bar '' .	a bird is folding to <oov> miles class	1
people walk outside `` the <oov> bar '' .	a rug is driven not made home to	1
people walk outside `` the <oov> bar '' .	a bird is driven up produce about stairs	1
people walk outside `` the <oov> bar '' .	a bird is underwater not made funny	1
people walk outside `` the <oov> bar '' .	a kids is crouched rolls to bikes serve .	1
people walk outside `` the <oov> bar '' .	people move around outside . .	0
people walk outside `` the <oov> bar '' .	people on the pavement .	0
people walk outside `` the <oov> bar '' .	people move and watch . hoping is	0
child swimming in a pool .	a child rolled is the ocean .	2
child swimming in a pool .	a child is rioting their backpack . to	2
child swimming in a pool .	a child is addressing <oov> bushes .	2
child swimming in a pool .	a child is screams in ocean .	2
child swimming in a pool .	a child is guiding their underwater . abs	2
child swimming in a pool .	a child is unsafe the ocean .	2
child swimming in a pool .	a child is out the dogs .	2
child swimming in a pool .	a child swims in the ocean .	2
child swimming in a pool .	a child is excersizing in ocean .	2
child swimming in a pool .	a child swims in the ocean .	2
child swimming in a pool .	a child engage to their competition . types	2
child swimming in a pool .	a child is greatest in the .	2
child swimming in a pool .	a child is scowling their . to	2
child swimming in a pool .	a child is bicycle in ocean .	2
child swimming in a pool .	a child is focusing their childrens . a	2
child swimming in a pool .	a child is cycling the ocean .	2
child swimming in a pool .	a child is smashing the ocean .	2
child swimming in a pool .	a child swims in the ocean .	2
child swimming in a pool .	a child juggles is the ocean .	2
child swimming in a pool .	a child is alive their sleeping .	2
child swimming in a pool .	a child is gathering while sleeping .	2
child swimming in a pool .	a child is scratching the ocean .	2
child swimming in a pool .	a child relaxed is the ocean .	2
child swimming in a pool .	a child is beginning their magic .	2
child swimming in a pool .	a child is worried their backpack . to	2
child swimming in a pool .	a child is cargo their lizard .	2
child swimming in a pool .	a child is piloting <oov> .	2
child swimming in a pool .	a child is dribbling the ocean .	2
child swimming in a pool .	a child is transporting their backpack .	2
child swimming in a pool .	a child is dangerously the ocean .	2
child swimming in a pool .	a child is complete the ocean .	2
child swimming in a pool .	a child is tucked the ocean .	2
child swimming in a pool .	a child is sanding <oov> .	2
child swimming in a pool .	a child is cherries while sleeping .	2
child swimming in a pool .	a child is catholic their play .	2
child swimming in a pool .	a child is cycling the ocean .	2
child swimming in a pool .	a child is dribbling the ocean .	2
child swimming in a pool .	a child swims in the ocean .	2
child swimming in a pool .	a child is dribbling their . to <oov>	2
child swimming in a pool .	a kid swims compass someones .	0
child swimming in a pool .	a kid swims popsicles water . a	0
child swimming in a pool .	a kid cares folds beside . .	0
child swimming in a pool .	a kid reaches styling . a	0
child swimming in a pool .	a kid swims in water . a	0
child swimming in a pool .	a kid swims in water . a	0
child swimming in a pool .	a kid mixes dyed water .	0
child swimming in a pool .	a kid swims in water . a	0
child swimming in a pool .	a kid cares an intensely . a	0
child swimming in a pool .	a kid discusses grins . .	0
child swimming in a pool .	a kid drags flies water . across	0
child swimming in a pool .	a kid swims hijab brunch .	0
child swimming in a pool .	a kid citizen sharing water .	0
child swimming in a pool .	a kid swims in water . a	0
child swimming in a pool .	a kid directs naturally . .	0
child swimming in a pool .	a kid swims in water . a	0
child swimming in a pool .	a kid navigates smooth 5 . a	0
child swimming in a pool .	a kid expresses lions . .	0
child swimming in a pool .	a kid cares scrub . . .	0
child swimming in a pool .	a kid swims in water . a	0
child swimming in a pool .	a kid swims in water . a	0
child swimming in a pool .	a kid twirls cars compete .	0
child swimming in a pool .	a kid swims in water . at	0
a white dog next to a basement window .	men attending a dog inside enjoying themselves	0
a white dog next to a basement window .	a dog next to unload life showing	0
a white dog next to a basement window .	men attending a child to get shave	0
a white dog next to a basement window .	there team man stands inside blacksmith at take	0
a white dog next to a basement window .	there team men done that convention	0
a white dog next to a basement window .	there men attending a hot section tapestry .	0
a white dog next to a basement window .	a dog laying through a strange open	0
a white dog next to a basement window .	group of men preparing to buy a redhead .	0
a white dog next to a basement window .	group dog laying to compete geese	0
a white dog next to a basement window .	a dog next to unload meals	0
a white dog next to a basement window .	group of men inspect to get wet	0
a white dog next to a basement window .	group of businessmen is displaying bears gathered	0
a white dog next to a basement window .	a dog next to active off road	0
a white dog next to a basement window .	group of people attending to shave flashlight	0
a white dog next to a basement window .	there team men boxers to have umbrellas	0
a white dog next to a basement window .	group of men practice a kick sign	0
a white dog next to a basement window .	there team men conversing to carve spin	0
a white dog next to a basement window .	there team men compete for shade bunny	0
a white dog next to a basement window .	a dog sleeping to wife her cameraman .	0
a white dog next to a basement window .	hockey dog walks to when extinguish a specimen	0
a white dog next to a basement window .	a dog next to underground biology log	0
a white dog next to a basement window .	a dog next to boxers noodle open	0
a white dog next to a basement window .	there team men growing to catch a sunrise .	0
a white dog next to a basement window .	there team men are cooking to onlookers	0
a white dog next to a basement window .	a dog sniffing a rabbit taking tonka .	0
a white dog next to a basement window .	men sleeping in a design open sea oustide	0
a white dog next to a basement window .	men young dog wants a brand beam .	0
a white dog next to a basement window .	a dog next to get off the giant .	0
a white dog next to a basement window .	group of men through a badly elmo	0
a white dog next to a basement window .	there team players sit with a priest	0
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a person walking in a wig skate outside	1
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a person walking in a case room home .	1
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a person walking in a rodeo stacked on fire	1
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a rock person in a tie is watching .	1
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a person walking in a rodeo test ride .	1
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a person walking in a case with poem entertains	1
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a person walking a person sitting taking on .	1
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a person walking a person sitting covers and cloudless	1
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a person walking in a case with bikes .	1
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a person walking a person checks on the street	1
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a person walking in a rodeo taking circle .	1
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a walking person in a backflip smiling on .	1
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a person walking in a case with star .	1
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a person walking in a rodeo play element .	1
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a person walking in a rodeo staff on .	1
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a walking person in a pet makes tall	1
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a person walking in a waterskiing mop on date	1
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a person walking in a case with kidnap .	1
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a person walking a person draws on the beam	1
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a person walking in a pleasant with shortly .	1
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a person walking a person sitting taking waterskiing	1
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a walking person in a boat is lost .	1
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a walking person in a pet angrily shore	1
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a walking person in a warehouse .	0
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a walking person in a pot . <oov>	0
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a walking person in a lambs .	0
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a walking person in a parkas .	0
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a walking person <oov> a tunnel .	0
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a walking person in a case .	0
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a walking person in a tanning .	0
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a walking person <oov> a tunnel .	0
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a person walking in a box .	0
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a walking person in a lease .	0
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a walking person <oov> a tunnel .	0
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a walking person <oov> a tunnel .	0
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a walking person <oov> a sidewalk .	0
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a walking person in a wresting .	0
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a walking person in a tanning .	0
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a walking person in a dig .	0
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a walking person in a hawaii . viewers	0
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a rock walking in a tanning .	0
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a walking person in a warehouse .	0
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a walking person in a tux .	0
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a walking person <oov> a tunnel	0
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a rock walking in a boat .	0
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a walking person <oov> a sidewalk .	0
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a walking person in a tanning .	0
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a walking person in a chairlift . <oov>	0
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a walking person in a workshop .	0
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a walking person in a janitor .	0
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a walking person in a tanning .	0
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a walking person in a cosplaying .	0
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a walking person <oov> a tunnel .	0
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a walking person in a harness .	0
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a walking person <oov> a tunnel .	0
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a walking person in a harness .	0
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a walking person in a tanning .	0
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a person is on skis and backpacks .	2
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a person on rides on motorbikes stools .	2
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a person on vaulting running pipe collide .	2
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a person is on skis buddy .	2
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a person is on skis tricks .	2
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a person is on skis windows swinging .	2
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a person on caterpillar stretched young place .	2
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a person is on skis show .	2
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a person is on saturday rail .	2
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a person is on skis on cardboard	2
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a person is on quintet tracks .	2
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a person is on skis and bench .	2
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a person is on skis and houses .	2
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a person is on a break dramatic .	2
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a person is on skis in snow .	2
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a person on tans running flowers .	2
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a person is on tricycles bike .	2
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a person is on cable rail	2
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a person is on something an assignment .	2
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a person on knee on bench .	2
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a person sitting on rafts chaps .	2
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a person is on skis and oranges .	2
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a person is on skis ending .	2
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a person is on skis and spun animal	2
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a person is on a milkshake bench .	2
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a person is on skis in snow .	2
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a person is on skis in mouth .	2
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a person sitting on feeding plying flowers .	2
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a person is on skis in painting .	2
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a person on both on rocket bench .	2
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a person is on skis and car .	2
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a person on completing cycle stands racing .	2
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a person on peanuts on a bench .	2
person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a person on boards on flies lovers	2
a woman is standing at a podium .	a man is standing at a podium .	2
a woman is standing at a podium .	a man is standing at a podium .	2
a woman is standing at a podium .	a man is standing at a podium .	2
a woman is standing at a podium .	a man is standing at a podium .	2
a woman is standing at a podium .	a man is standing at a trike .	2
a woman is standing at a podium .	a man is standing at a podium .	2
a woman is standing at a podium .	a man is standing at a podium .	2
a woman is standing at a podium .	a man is standing at a podium .	2
a woman is standing at a podium .	a man is standing at a podium .	2
a woman is standing at a podium .	a man is standing at a podium .	2
a woman is standing at a podium .	a man is standing at a podium .	2
a woman is standing at a podium .	a man is standing at a podium .	2
a woman is standing at a podium .	a man is standing at a podium .	2
a woman is standing at a podium .	a man is standing at a podium .	2
a woman is standing at a podium .	a man is standing at a podium .	2
a woman is standing at a podium .	a man is standing at a podium .	2
a woman is standing at a podium .	a man is standing at a podium .	2
a woman is standing at a podium .	a man is standing at a podium .	2
a woman is standing at a podium .	a man is standing at a podium .	2
a woman is standing at a podium .	a man is standing at a podium .	2
a woman is standing at a podium .	a man is standing at a podium .	2
a woman is standing at a podium .	a man is standing at a podium .	2
a woman is standing at a podium .	a man is standing at a podium .	2
a woman is standing at a podium .	a man is standing at a podium .	2
a woman is standing at a podium .	a man is standing at a podium .	2
a woman is standing at a podium .	a man is standing at a podium .	2
a woman is standing at a podium .	a man is standing at a podium .	2
a woman is standing at a podium .	a man is standing at a podium .	2
a woman is standing at a podium .	a man is standing at a podium .	2
a woman is standing at a podium .	a man is standing at a podium .	2
a woman is standing at a podium .	a man is standing at a podium .	2
a woman is standing at a podium .	a man is standing at a podium .	2
a woman is standing at a podium .	a man is standing at a podium .	2
a woman is standing at a podium .	a man is standing at a podium .	2
a woman is standing at a podium .	a man is standing at a podium .	2
a woman is standing at a podium .	a man is standing at a podium .	2
a woman is standing at a podium .	a man is standing at a podium .	2
a woman is standing at a podium .	a man is standing at a podium .	2
a woman is standing at a podium .	a man is standing at a podium .	2
a woman is standing at a podium .	the people in a janitor about a foul .	1
a woman is standing at a podium .	the woman is having a disagreement to competition .	1
a woman is standing at a podium .	the woman is passed out boat in laundry	1
a woman is standing at a podium .	the man is having a serious about <oov>	1
a woman is standing at a podium .	the woman is making a about <oov> threesome .	1
a woman is standing at a podium .	the woman is having a waterslide lifting just .	1
a woman is standing at a podium .	a person is in a plate .	0
a woman is standing at a podium .	a person is in a mic . jockeys	0
a woman is standing at a podium .	a person is in a podium .	0
a woman is standing at a podium .	a person is in a crew . wheelbarrow	0
a woman is standing at a podium .	a person is in a ravine .	0
a woman is standing at a podium .	a person is in a bands .	0
a woman is standing at a podium .	a person is in a plate .	0
a woman is standing at a podium .	a person is in a bin .	0
a woman is standing at a podium .	a person is in a podium .	0
a woman is standing at a podium .	a person is in a thought . fed	0
a happy woman who is preparing for dinner .	a sad woman is watching tv .	2
a happy woman who is preparing for dinner .	a rollerblading walking on a crowd sign .	2
a happy woman who is preparing for dinner .	a sad woman is watching tv .	2
a happy woman who is preparing for dinner .	a sad woman is watching tv .	2
a happy woman who is preparing for dinner .	a woman is cooking .	0
a happy woman who is preparing for dinner .	a woman is cooking .	0
a happy woman who is preparing for dinner .	a woman is cooking .	0
a happy woman who is preparing for dinner .	a woman is nice . is	0
a happy woman who is preparing for dinner .	a woman is cooking .	0
a happy woman who is preparing for dinner .	a woman is cooking .	0
a happy woman who is preparing for dinner .	a woman is cooking .	0
a happy woman who is preparing for dinner .	a woman is cooking .	0
a happy woman who is preparing for dinner .	a woman is cooking .	0
a happy woman who is preparing for dinner .	a woman is cooking .	0
a happy woman who is preparing for dinner .	a woman is cooking .	0
a happy woman who is preparing for dinner .	a woman is cooking .	0
a happy woman who is preparing for dinner .	a woman is cooking .	0
a happy woman who is preparing for dinner .	a woman is cooking .	0
a happy woman who is preparing for dinner .	a woman is cooking .	0
a happy woman who is preparing for dinner .	a woman is nice . is	0
a happy woman who is preparing for dinner .	a woman is cooking .	0
a happy woman who is preparing for dinner .	a woman is cooking .	0
a happy woman who is preparing for dinner .	a woman is cooking .	0
a happy woman who is preparing for dinner .	a woman is cooking .	0
a happy woman who is preparing for dinner .	a woman is cooking .	0
a happy woman who is preparing for dinner .	a woman is cooking .	0
a happy woman who is preparing for dinner .	a woman is cooking .	0
a happy woman who is preparing for dinner .	a woman is cooking .	0
a happy woman who is preparing for dinner .	a woman is cooking .	0
a happy woman who is preparing for dinner .	a woman is cooking .	0
a happy woman who is preparing for dinner .	a woman is cooking .	0
a happy woman who is preparing for dinner .	a woman is cooking .	0
a happy woman who is preparing for dinner .	a woman is cooking .	0
a happy woman who is preparing for dinner .	a woman is cooking .	0
a happy woman who is preparing for dinner .	a woman is cooking .	0
a happy woman who is preparing for dinner .	a woman is cooking .	0
a happy woman who is preparing for dinner .	a woman is cooking .	0
a happy woman who is preparing for dinner .	a woman is cooking .	0
a happy woman who is preparing for dinner .	a woman is cooking .	0
a happy woman who is preparing for dinner .	a woman is nice . unison	0
a happy woman who is preparing for dinner .	a woman is cooking .	0
a happy woman who is preparing for dinner .	a woman is cooking .	0
a happy woman who is preparing for dinner .	a woman is cooking .	0
some youngsters are playing a card game	people play cards	0
some youngsters are playing a card game	people play cards	0
some youngsters are playing a card game	people play cards	0
some youngsters are playing a card game	people play cards	0
some youngsters are playing a card game	people play cards	0
some youngsters are playing a card game	people play cards	0
some youngsters are playing a card game	people play cards	0
some youngsters are playing a card game	the dog wearing sweat	0
some youngsters are playing a card game	people play piggyback	0
some youngsters are playing a card game	people play cards	0
some youngsters are playing a card game	people play cards	0
some youngsters are playing a card game	people play cards	0
some youngsters are playing a card game	people play cards	0
some youngsters are playing a card game	people play cards	0
some youngsters are playing a card game	people play cards	0
some youngsters are playing a card game	people play cards	0
some youngsters are playing a card game	people play cards	0
some youngsters are playing a card game	people play cards	0
some youngsters are playing a card game	people play piggyback	0
some youngsters are playing a card game	people play cards	0
some youngsters are playing a card game	the dog wearing parachute	0
some youngsters are playing a card game	people play cards	0
some youngsters are playing a card game	people play cards	0
some youngsters are playing a card game	people play cards	0
some youngsters are playing a card game	people play cards	0
some youngsters are playing a card game	people play cards	0
some youngsters are playing a card game	people play cards	0
some youngsters are playing a card game	people play cards	0
some youngsters are playing a card game	people play cards	0
some youngsters are playing a card game	people play cards	0
some youngsters are playing a card game	people play cards	0
some youngsters are playing a card game	people play cards	0
some youngsters are playing a card game	people play gardeners	0
some youngsters are playing a card game	people play cards	0
some youngsters are playing a card game	men operating a massive	0
some youngsters are playing a card game	people play sound	0
some youngsters are playing a card game	people play cards	0
some youngsters are playing a card game	people play cards	0
some youngsters are playing a card game	people play cricket	0
some youngsters are playing a card game	people play cards	0
some youngsters are playing a card game	they player eats read .	2
some youngsters are playing a card game	nobody swimsuit in shorts .	2
some youngsters are playing a card game	cat on a daredevil shirt	2
some youngsters are playing a card game	cat stares at dog .	2
a young girl holding a toddler .	a ending flips into a blue pool .	1
a young girl holding a toddler .	a olympians carrying her little girls .	1
a young girl holding a toddler .	a playboy holds tip behind two individuals .	1
a young girl holding a toddler .	a protester ride two little street .	1
a young girl holding a toddler .	a short-haired parked behind <oov> soft .	1
a young girl holding a toddler .	a zip holds aerial <oov> comfortably .	1
a young girl holding a toddler .	a shower holds a little fashion .	1
a young girl holding a toddler .	a dachshund in her little sister .	1
a young girl holding a toddler .	a toyota over two little people .	1
a young girl holding a toddler .	a holds peole <oov> little addresses .	1
a young girl holding a toddler .	a flippers holds a blue toy .	1
a young girl holding a toddler .	a pharmacist holds her little brother .	1
a young girl holding a toddler .	a tourist holds a blue filled .	1
a young girl holding a toddler .	a tourist holds <oov> onto two .	1
a young girl holding a toddler .	a treat going <oov> little treasure .	1
a young girl holding a toddler .	a tourist holds umbrella up four .	1
a young girl holding a toddler .	a waterskier holds two <oov> , competitor .	1
a young girl holding a toddler .	a attempts hostess <oov> little objects .	1
a young girl holding a toddler .	a veil carries little her older .	1
a young girl holding a toddler .	a landing holds two <oov> illegally laps .	1
a young girl holding a toddler .	a holds skateboarder carrying <oov> rollerblading .	1
a young girl holding a toddler .	a uniformed kidnapping two little girls .	1
a young girl holding a toddler .	a champion holds her little baby .	1
a young girl holding a toddler .	two a mascot together outdoors . at	0
a young girl holding a toddler .	two children doing beans . .	0
a young girl holding a toddler .	two children is together . .	0
a young girl holding a toddler .	two children is together . .	0
a young girl holding a toddler .	two children is together . .	0
a young girl holding a toddler .	a boy is hailing .	0
a young girl holding a toddler .	two children is together . . .	0
a young girl holding a toddler .	two children is together . .	0
a young girl holding a toddler .	two children is together . .	0
a young girl holding a toddler .	two children is together . .	0
workers at basking <oov> are filling orders .	the homeless is mop the street do transplant .	2
workers at basking <oov> are filling orders .	the case is shouting his rodeo sailing off .	2
workers at basking <oov> are filling orders .	playing is hamburgers the street well exams engines .	2
workers at basking <oov> are filling orders .	the equipment is molten his rides horse mike .	2
workers at basking <oov> are filling orders .	playing is spraying the playboy street because completely .	2
workers at basking <oov> are filling orders .	the challenge is wearing the draft rocking closed .	2
workers at basking <oov> are filling orders .	playing is spraying the street newspaper hugs skydiving .	2
workers at basking <oov> are filling orders .	the lady is browses tips structure anger game .	2
workers at basking <oov> are filling orders .	the lady is 90 they do her kid .	2
workers at basking <oov> are filling orders .	the lady is power brown-haired cutting colorful reader .	2
workers at basking <oov> are filling orders .	the bear is trimming home so the velodrome	2
workers at basking <oov> are filling orders .	playing is color home behind the stained gate .	2
workers at basking <oov> are filling orders .	her infant is putting his family ancient triple .	2
workers at basking <oov> are filling orders .	the bear is while nothing during the staff .	2
workers at basking <oov> are filling orders .	a bullrider is wearing the board civilian extended .	2
workers at basking <oov> are filling orders .	a parent is with the captain disaster tonight .	2
workers at basking <oov> are filling orders .	the officer is what jeans just recently tarp ?	2
workers at basking <oov> are filling orders .	playing substance and little waving pink bocce kennel .	2
workers at basking <oov> are filling orders .	the lady is shouting his scrap kentucky mouth	2
workers at basking <oov> are filling orders .	a happy is boxer the light blond pipe .	2
workers at basking <oov> are filling orders .	playing is molding the street during red truck .	2
workers at basking <oov> are filling orders .	handbags the crowd is curious her eight device	2
workers at basking <oov> are filling orders .	the lady is wearing the light red lanterns .	2
workers at basking <oov> are filling orders .	the lady is plaid while multiple her event .	2
workers at basking <oov> are filling orders .	the crowd is pulling the hawk during !	2
workers at basking <oov> are filling orders .	the officer is watching the outdoor do card .	2
workers at basking <oov> are filling orders .	the artist in the camper light is closed .	2
workers at basking <oov> are filling orders .	the lady is shouting his scrap light friends .	2
workers at basking <oov> are filling orders .	a cheerleader is riding while learning ancient scores .	2
workers at basking <oov> are filling orders .	the protester is with son waving their motorcycles .	2
workers at basking <oov> are filling orders .	the artist is wearing the collar only writing .	2
people sitting in a dim restaurant eating .	man has red hockey . people coat	2
people sitting in a dim restaurant eating .	man has sleeping on . .	2
people sitting in a dim restaurant eating .	people are sleeping outdoors .	2
people sitting in a dim restaurant eating .	a dog sleeping on . .	2
people sitting in a dim restaurant eating .	people are sleeping on . .	2
people sitting in a dim restaurant eating .	about people are sleeping . .	2
people sitting in a dim restaurant eating .	man has sleeping and . not	2
people sitting in a dim restaurant eating .	people are sleeping running . .	2
people sitting in a dim restaurant eating .	men are sleeping quietly .	2
people sitting in a dim restaurant eating .	some people are sleeping . .	2
people sitting in a dim restaurant eating .	a dog sleeping soundly . .	2
people sitting in a dim restaurant eating .	man has sleeping dollars . is	2
people sitting in a dim restaurant eating .	a man plays a food . .	0
people sitting in a dim restaurant eating .	a man works a pear . leashed cares	0
people sitting in a dim restaurant eating .	a man plays a thirsty . . man	0
people sitting in a dim restaurant eating .	a man eating a food . is	0
people sitting in a dim restaurant eating .	a man eating a food . is	0
people sitting in a dim restaurant eating .	a man playing a cabinet . mud <oov>	0
people sitting in a dim restaurant eating .	a man eating a lollipop . people	0
people sitting in a dim restaurant eating .	a man woman a cyclist .	0
people sitting in a dim restaurant eating .	a man playing a opposite . .	0
people sitting in a dim restaurant eating .	a man at a ring . has	0
people sitting in a dim restaurant eating .	a man no a dressing . is	0
people sitting in a dim restaurant eating .	a man woman eating food .	0
people sitting in a dim restaurant eating .	a man eating a food . is	0
people sitting in a dim restaurant eating .	a man and a tiny . frown man	0
people sitting in a dim restaurant eating .	a man and a tiny . and a	0
people sitting in a dim restaurant eating .	a man hating a tunnel . across a	0
people sitting in a dim restaurant eating .	a man eating a food . outside	0
people sitting in a dim restaurant eating .	a man and a tiny . <oov>	0
people sitting in a dim restaurant eating .	a man ordered a food . is	0
people sitting in a dim restaurant eating .	a man eating a food . is	0
people sitting in a dim restaurant eating .	a man holding a marker . people	0
people sitting in a dim restaurant eating .	a man squats a cyclist . a	0
people sitting in a dim restaurant eating .	a man panhandling a cyclist . <oov>	0
people sitting in a dim restaurant eating .	a man eating a mohawk . attach team	0
people sitting in a dim restaurant eating .	a man eating a food . <oov>	0
people sitting in a dim restaurant eating .	a man are eating food . is	0
people sitting in a dim restaurant eating .	a man are eating food .	0
people sitting in a dim restaurant eating .	a man eating a food . to is	0
people sitting in a dim restaurant eating .	a man woman a tiny . <oov> brothers	0
people sitting in a dim restaurant eating .	a man stomps a dry . a	0
people sitting in a dim restaurant eating .	a man plays a rooster . technique booze	0
people sitting in a dim restaurant eating .	a man stomps a rowing . <oov> mom	0
people sitting in a dim restaurant eating .	a man are eating hay . swedish	0
people sitting in a dim restaurant eating .	a man and a tiny . <oov>	0
people sitting in a dim restaurant eating .	a man holding a container . is base	0
people sitting in a dim restaurant eating .	a man plays a smoke . .	0
people sitting in a dim restaurant eating .	a man are eating food .	0
people sitting in a dim restaurant eating .	a man eating a food . is	0
people sitting in a dim restaurant eating .	a man eating a decorative . black	0
people sitting in a dim restaurant eating .	a man holds a large still christmas room .	1
people sitting in a dim restaurant eating .	woman is a large place and purses eating .	1
people sitting in a dim restaurant eating .	a woman is a thunder questioning on the floor	1
people sitting in a dim restaurant eating .	a people are a colorfully landscape on subway .	1
people sitting in a dim restaurant eating .	a man carries a type left on the floor	1
people sitting in a dim restaurant eating .	a man in a taco bikini and water .	1
people sitting in a dim restaurant eating .	a man in a chocolate flaps an doghouse ramp	1
people sitting in a dim restaurant eating .	a man carries a hiker on his shoes .	1
people sitting in a dim restaurant eating .	a man in a wheelchair holds his shoulder .	1
people sitting in a dim restaurant eating .	a man in a cycling hat on mascara .	1
people sitting in a dim restaurant eating .	a man holds a large hat on the wall	1
people sitting in a dim restaurant eating .	a man holds a blue lot on the floor .	1
two women on a beach .	two players standing indoors starving .	2
two women on a beach .	a pro standing along indoors .	2
two women on a beach .	a infant saluting a wheelie .	2
two women on a beach .	two players standing against textiles .	2
two women on a beach .	a infant laying mannequin indoors . for	2
two women on a beach .	a male standing for her sleeping .	2
two women on a beach .	a infant laying galloping letters .	2
two women on a beach .	a wrestler laying tile indoors . <oov>	2
two women on a beach .	a infant laying cells her . a	2
two women on a beach .	a protester laying capturing indoors . about	2
two women on a beach .	a infant laying caution indoors . to	2
two women on a beach .	two players giants the stream . a	2
two women on a beach .	a infant laying move indoors . celtic fixtures	2
two women on a beach .	two women are outdoors . .	0
two women on a beach .	two women are outdoors . .	0
two women on a beach .	two women are outdoors . .	0
two women on a beach .	two women are outdoors . .	0
two women on a beach .	two women are outdoors . .	0
the man walks among the large trees .	a man walks among trees .	0
a woman wearing sunglasses is frowning .	a girl wearing the landfill 's fishing rod	1
a woman wearing sunglasses is frowning .	a girl wearing red raincoat is pulling into a	1
a woman wearing sunglasses is frowning .	a girl wearing a denim is pulling underneath <oov>	1
a woman wearing sunglasses is frowning .	a woman watch by puppies across a bone .	1
a woman wearing sunglasses is frowning .	a woman is underwater by a pool costume .	1
a woman wearing sunglasses is frowning .	a woman photographs by ocean paperback 's height .	1
a woman wearing sunglasses is frowning .	a woman is babysitting by during a hike .	1
a woman wearing sunglasses is frowning .	a woman wearing colorful is sliding bike .	0
a woman wearing sunglasses is frowning .	a woman is weighing through a monk .	0
a woman wearing sunglasses is frowning .	a woman wearing sunglasses is not smiling .	0
a woman wearing sunglasses is frowning .	a woman is balancing on the balance lies .	0
a woman wearing sunglasses is frowning .	a woman is balancing through a relative .	0
a woman wearing sunglasses is frowning .	a woman is balancing on a metal .	0
a woman wearing sunglasses is frowning .	a woman is wrapped in a purse .	0
a woman wearing sunglasses is frowning .	a woman dreams is home through an field .	0
a woman wearing sunglasses is frowning .	a woman is balancing by a purse .	0
a woman wearing sunglasses is frowning .	a woman is balancing on a metal lake .	0
a woman wearing sunglasses is frowning .	a woman is balancing on a firearm .	0
a woman wearing sunglasses is frowning .	a woman wearing colorful is bike swift .	0
a woman wearing sunglasses is frowning .	a woman is balancing on a metal .	0
a woman wearing sunglasses is frowning .	a woman is kidnapping by above a break .	0
a woman wearing sunglasses is frowning .	a woman wearing sunglasses is not smiling .	0
a woman wearing sunglasses is frowning .	a woman is balancing on a bungee bike .	0
a woman wearing sunglasses is frowning .	a woman wearing nursing is not smiling .	0
a woman wearing sunglasses is frowning .	a woman is balancing by a slingshot .	0
three men play musical instruments .	three people on harvest .	0
three men play musical instruments .	rooster with people indoors .	0
three men play musical instruments .	three people with instruments .	0
three men play musical instruments .	three people on glue .	0
three men play musical instruments .	three people is skyline .	0
three men play musical instruments .	three people with instruments .	0
three men play musical instruments .	three people with ropes .	0
three men play musical instruments .	three people with instruments .	0
three men play musical instruments .	three people with instruments .	0
three men play musical instruments .	three people with instruments .	0
three men play musical instruments .	three people with instruments .	0
three men play musical instruments .	three people on overpass .	0
three men play musical instruments .	three people on stone . a	0
three men play musical instruments .	three people on disgust .	0
three men play musical instruments .	three people on crown .	0
three men play musical instruments .	three people on total .	0
three men play musical instruments .	three men with many .	0
three men play musical instruments .	three people with instruments .	0
three men play musical instruments .	three people with instruments .	0
three men play musical instruments .	three people with instruments .	0
three men play musical instruments .	three people with instruments .	0
three men play musical instruments .	three people on overpass .	0
three men play musical instruments .	three people with instruments .	0
three men play musical instruments .	three people with instruments .	0
three men play musical instruments .	three people on autumn .	0
three men play musical instruments .	three people on recliner .	0
three men play musical instruments .	three people on mane . boy wagon	0
three men play musical instruments .	three people with instruments .	0
three men play musical instruments .	three people on instruments .	0
three men play musical instruments .	three people with instruments .	0
three men play musical instruments .	three people with instruments .	0
three men play musical instruments .	three people on crafts .	0
three men play musical instruments .	three people on trays .	0
three men play musical instruments .	three people on overpass .	0
three men play musical instruments .	three people with instruments .	0
three men play musical instruments .	three people on uneven .	0
three men play musical instruments .	three people with instruments .	0
three men play musical instruments .	three dog with instruments .	0
three men play musical instruments .	three children are near a counter .	2
three men play musical instruments .	three children are playing a sack .	2
three men play musical instruments .	three children are near a basket .	2
three men play musical instruments .	three children are plying a house .	2
three men play musical instruments .	three children are near a wheel .	2
three men play musical instruments .	three children are swinging at . to	2
three men play musical instruments .	three the tires are old .	2
three men play musical instruments .	three children are near a raft .	2
three men play musical instruments .	three children are playing a house . across	2
three men play musical instruments .	three children are near a protest .	2
three men play musical instruments .	three children are near a crime .	2
three men play musical instruments .	three children are near a racer . registers	2
three men play musical instruments .	three children are pirate a louvre .	2
three men play musical instruments .	three children are near a glove .	2
three men play musical instruments .	three children are going to race . across	2
three men play musical instruments .	three children are going to mars . <oov>	2
three men play musical instruments .	three children are going to mars . <oov>	2
three men play musical instruments .	three children are near a protest . ride	2
three men play musical instruments .	three children are spreading a house .	2
three men play musical instruments .	three children are paddling a house .	2
three men play musical instruments .	three children are going to sea . boy	2
three men play musical instruments .	three children are wrapping a house . wiring	2
three men play musical instruments .	three students are harnessed a house .	2
three men play musical instruments .	three children are near a basket .	2
the man in colorful shorts is barefoot .	a person is next to his street overhead .	0
the man in colorful shorts is barefoot .	a person is el to street roaring stew .	0
the man in colorful shorts is barefoot .	a person is next to his mouths vault .	0
the man in colorful shorts is barefoot .	a person is shopping while to make believe .	0
the man in colorful shorts is barefoot .	a person is shopping while not wearing pajamas .	0
the man in colorful shorts is barefoot .	a person is stomping and wearing only suit .	0
the man in colorful shorts is barefoot .	a wedding is sitting <oov> , is tubes .	0
the man in colorful shorts is barefoot .	the man in shirt is blue grass diligently .	0
the man in colorful shorts is barefoot .	a person is next to street numerous studio	0
the man in colorful shorts is barefoot .	a construction is outside dressed to play poker .	0
the man in colorful shorts is barefoot .	the man is very <oov> , basketball chairs .	0
a small dog runs to catch a ball .	a little aggressive loves geisha . a	0
a small dog runs to catch a ball .	a little boy breakdances a ball .	0
a small dog runs to catch a ball .	a little canadians landed ball . hayride old	0
a small dog runs to catch a ball .	a little greyhounds are wrapped . a	0
a small dog runs to catch a ball .	a little layers a purchased . attach	0
a small dog runs to catch a ball .	a little patrick are pies . to	0
a small dog runs to catch a ball .	a little dog chases ball . guitarists	0
a small dog runs to catch a ball .	a little overhang a suite . the	0
a small dog runs to catch a ball .	a little arm layers displaying .	0
a small dog runs to catch a ball .	a little sorority a designer . watching	0
a small dog runs to catch a ball .	a little boy captivated seafood .	0
a small dog runs to catch a ball .	a little dog chases ball . <oov>	0
a small dog runs to catch a ball .	a little dog chases smartphone .	0
a small dog runs to catch a ball .	a little dog chases ball .	0
a small dog runs to catch a ball .	a little bodies are patio . a	0
a small dog runs to catch a ball .	a little driver arm tea . a conducting	0
a small dog runs to catch a ball .	a little labrador are chemicals . learning out	0
a small dog runs to catch a ball .	a little friends are creepy . a	0
a small dog runs to catch a ball .	a skateboarder retrieves a shelves . a	0
a small dog runs to catch a ball .	a little labrador are bicycling . a	0
a small dog runs to catch a ball .	a little traditional cream died . a	0
a small dog runs to catch a ball .	a little dog chases ball . down	0
a small dog runs to catch a ball .	a little curling a occuring . a	0
a small dog runs to catch a ball .	a little dog chases ball . a	0
a small dog runs to catch a ball .	the dog is a surfer . <oov>	1
a small dog runs to catch a ball .	the dog is a surfer . is	1
a small dog runs to catch a ball .	the dog is a ditch . to	1
a small dog runs to catch a ball .	the dog is a surfer . is	1
a small dog runs to catch a ball .	the dog is a surfer . is	1
a small dog runs to catch a ball .	the dog is a surfer . to	1
a small dog runs to catch a ball .	the dog is a surfer . to	1
a small dog runs to catch a ball .	the dog is a surfer . is	1
a small dog runs to catch a ball .	the dog is a surfer . came	1
a small dog runs to catch a ball .	the dog is a surfer . to	1
a small dog runs to catch a ball .	the dog is a surfer . is	1
a small dog runs to catch a ball .	the dog is a surfer . woman	1
a small dog runs to catch a ball .	the dog is a surfer . at	1
a small dog runs to catch a ball .	the dog is a surfer . is	1
a small dog runs to catch a ball .	the dog is a surfer . is	1
a small dog runs to catch a ball .	the dog is a chihuahua . to	1
a small dog runs to catch a ball .	the dog is a surfer . is	1
a small dog runs to catch a ball .	the dog is a chihuahua . to	1
a small dog runs to catch a ball .	the dog is a chihuahua . in tvs	1
a small dog runs to catch a ball .	the dog is a shaver .	1
a small dog runs to catch a ball .	the dog is a surfer . to	1
a small dog runs to catch a ball .	the dog is a surfer . to is	1
a small dog runs to catch a ball .	the dog is a surfer .	1
a small dog runs to catch a ball .	the dog is a surfer . is	1
a small dog runs to catch a ball .	the dog is a resident . a	1
a small dog runs to catch a ball .	the dog is a surfer . is	1
a small dog runs to catch a ball .	the dog is a surfer . to	1
a small dog runs to catch a ball .	the dog is a surfer . is	1
a small dog runs to catch a ball .	the dog is a chihuahua . to is	1
a boy rollerskating in the street .	a boy is outside	0
a boy rollerskating in the street .	a boy is outside	0
a boy rollerskating in the street .	a boy is outside	0
a boy rollerskating in the street .	a boy is outside	0
a boy rollerskating in the street .	a boy is outside	0
a boy rollerskating in the street .	a boy is outside	0
a boy rollerskating in the street .	a boy is outside	0
a boy rollerskating in the street .	a boy is outside	0
a boy rollerskating in the street .	a boy is outside	0
a boy rollerskating in the street .	a boy is outside	0
a boy rollerskating in the street .	a boy is outside	0
a boy rollerskating in the street .	a boy is outside	0
a boy rollerskating in the street .	a boy is outside	0
a boy rollerskating in the street .	a boy outside is	0
a boy rollerskating in the street .	a boy is outside	0
a boy rollerskating in the street .	a boy is outside	0
a boy rollerskating in the street .	a boy is outside	0
a boy rollerskating in the street .	a boy is outside	0
a boy rollerskating in the street .	a boy is outside	0
a boy rollerskating in the street .	a boy is outside	0
a boy rollerskating in the street .	a boy is outside	0
a boy rollerskating in the street .	a boy is outside	0
a boy rollerskating in the street .	a boy is outside	0
a boy rollerskating in the street .	a boy is outside	0
a boy rollerskating in the street .	a boy is outside	0
a boy rollerskating in the street .	a boy is outside	0
a boy rollerskating in the street .	a boy is outside	0
a boy rollerskating in the street .	a boy is outside	0
a boy rollerskating in the street .	a boy is outside	0
a boy rollerskating in the street .	a boy is outside	0
a boy rollerskating in the street .	a boy is outside	0
a boy rollerskating in the street .	a boy outside is	0
a boy rollerskating in the street .	a boy is outside	0
a boy rollerskating in the street .	a boy is outside	0
a boy rollerskating in the street .	a boy is outside	0
a boy rollerskating in the street .	a boy is outside	0
a boy rollerskating in the street .	a boy is outside	0
a boy rollerskating in the street .	a boy is outside	0
a boy rollerskating in the street .	a boy is outside	0
a boy rollerskating in the street .	a boy outside is	0
men sitting at a table in a church .	the little family holds her daily .	1
men sitting at a table in a church .	the little family holds her daily .	1
men sitting at a table in a church .	the lottery church ends to turned .	1
men sitting at a table in a church .	the schoolchildren cutting lots of aliens .	1
men sitting at a table in a church .	the little <oov> holds postcards to .	1
men sitting at a table in a church .	the brothers <oov> serve coins to .	1
men sitting at a table in a church .	the outdoor holds area going to .	1
men sitting at a table in a church .	the ski church is performing maintenance .	1
men sitting at a table in a church .	the budweiser cutting pottery of deal .	1
men sitting at a table in a church .	the cutting <oov> past kinds stop .	1
men sitting at a table in a church .	the little <oov> race against swamp .	1
men sitting at a table in a church .	the scrap a louis pack united . gaurd	1
men sitting at a table in a church .	the cutting <oov> mesh cork to score .	1
men sitting at a table in a church .	the men was at the <oov> . of	2
men sitting at a table in a church .	the men was at the <oov> .	2
men sitting at a table in a church .	the man is at the establishment <oov> .	2
men sitting at a table in a church .	the man is at the bar outside .	2
men sitting at a table in a church .	the men was at the <oov> .	2
men sitting at a table in a church .	the man is at the bar <oov> .	2
men sitting at a table in a church .	the man is at the movies <oov> .	2
men sitting at a table in a church .	the men was at the <oov> .	2
men sitting at a table in a church .	the man is at the organ <oov> .	2
men sitting at a table in a church .	the man is at the bar <oov> .	2
men sitting at a table in a church .	the man is at the movies <oov> .	2
men sitting at a table in a church .	the men was at the <oov> .	2
men sitting at a table in a church .	the man is at the bar <oov> .	2
men sitting at a table in a church .	the boys is at the bar <oov> .	2
men sitting at a table in a church .	the man is at the bar outside .	2
men sitting at a table in a church .	the man is at the cubicle <oov> .	2
men sitting at a table in a church .	the man is playing the cat outside .	2
men sitting at a table in a church .	the man is at the bar <oov> .	2
men sitting at a table in a church .	the man is at the bar <oov> .	2
men sitting at a table in a church .	the man is showing the person .	2
men sitting at a table in a church .	the men was at the black <oov> .	2
men sitting at a table in a church .	the men was at the <oov> .	2
men sitting at a table in a church .	the man is at the bar <oov> .	2
men sitting at a table in a church .	the man is at the covers <oov> .	2
men sitting at a table in a church .	the man is at the bar <oov> .	2
men sitting at a table in a church .	the man is at the bar <oov> .	2
men sitting at a table in a church .	the man is at the bar outside .	2
men sitting at a table in a church .	the men was at the <oov> .	2
men sitting at a table in a church .	the man is at the bar outside .	2
men sitting at a table in a church .	the man is at the bar <oov> .	2
men sitting at a table in a church .	the man is at the bar <oov> .	2
men sitting at a table in a church .	the man is at the bar <oov> .	2
men sitting at a table in a church .	the man is at the bar <oov> .	2
men sitting at a table in a church .	the men was at the same <oov> .	2
men sitting at a table in a church .	the man is at the bar <oov> .	2
men sitting at a table in a church .	the man is at the bar <oov> .	2
men sitting at a table in a church .	the man is at the bar <oov> .	2
men sitting at a table in a church .	the man is playing the world outside .	2
men sitting at a table in a church .	the man is playing the world outside .	2
men sitting at a table in a church .	the man is at the establishment <oov> .	2
men sitting at a table in a church .	there are people at a table .	0
man in robe making designs on dirt ground .	an adults preparing dishes on competed in game vegetables	1
man in robe making designs on dirt ground .	an expert down preparing hamburgers on a meal .	1
man in robe making designs on dirt ground .	an ocean down prepares lay in a race .	1
man in robe making designs on dirt ground .	an adults down jane flees in a race	1
man in robe making designs on dirt ground .	a guy is preparing run near a shore .	1
man in robe making designs on dirt ground .	an artist preparing run on a multicolored muddy table	1
man in robe making designs on dirt ground .	an adults preparing tidying up on a bench .	1
man in robe making designs on dirt ground .	an outfit boy preparing up with an easel .	1
man in robe making designs on dirt ground .	woman is annoyed some sort up an experiment .	1
man in robe making designs on dirt ground .	an artist through throwing on a saturday sundress .	1
man in robe making designs on dirt ground .	an adults down preparing apple in an aquarium .	1
man in robe making designs on dirt ground .	woman hitting on a stair statue in robes .	1
man in robe making designs on dirt ground .	an electrical boy preparing some cheese and toys .	1
man in robe making designs on dirt ground .	an artist preparing some control in a lobby .	1
man in robe making designs on dirt ground .	an artist preparing run down in a studio .	1
man in robe making designs on dirt ground .	an abandoned boy is jumping up a pipe	1
man in robe making designs on dirt ground .	a man making stone marches in the snow .	0
man in robe making designs on dirt ground .	a man finished plays xylophone in the snow .	0
man in robe making designs on dirt ground .	a man roller guitar in the snow land .	0
man in robe making designs on dirt ground .	a man tired orphanage dock in the snow	0
man in robe making designs on dirt ground .	a man sound loudly by people shopping center .	0
man in robe making designs on dirt ground .	a man scoops erupt in the snow jogging	0
man in robe making designs on dirt ground .	a man bends with son in the snow .	0
man in robe making designs on dirt ground .	a man sound baskets in the snow up .	0
man in robe making designs on dirt ground .	a man bends loses the patch in the winter	0
man in robe making designs on dirt ground .	a man performed pay to an acrobat desks .	0
man in robe making designs on dirt ground .	a man making sticks in the snow waves .	0
man in robe making designs on dirt ground .	a man gives store tricks in the dirt	0
man in robe making designs on dirt ground .	a man baskets sticks in the snow outside .	0
man in robe making designs on dirt ground .	a man beings shops in the snow van .	0
man in robe making designs on dirt ground .	a man tired with the high school home .	0
man in robe making designs on dirt ground .	a man gave powerful the page in garbage	0
man in robe making designs on dirt ground .	a man jet talks to in the snow .	0
man in robe making designs on dirt ground .	a man gave trophies in the snow outside	0
man in robe making designs on dirt ground .	a man roller peacefully in the snow list !	0
man in robe making designs on dirt ground .	a man brought talks in the snow waves	0
man in robe making designs on dirt ground .	a man transporting gives a dead the walls .	0
man in robe making designs on dirt ground .	a man few baskets with the dirt bike .	0
man in robe making designs on dirt ground .	a man gives jewelry with an the windows .	0
man in robe making designs on dirt ground .	a man gives addresses with the left outside	0
man in robe making designs on dirt ground .	a man leads aids in the snow waves .	0
man in robe making designs on dirt ground .	a man aloud baskets in the snow outside .	0
man in robe making designs on dirt ground .	a man sharpening with a dead and punishment smoked	0
man in robe making designs on dirt ground .	a man gives tips with the left outside .	0
man in robe making designs on dirt ground .	a man making eggs to admire an english .	0
man in robe making designs on dirt ground .	a man making guitar pads in the studio .	0
man in robe making designs on dirt ground .	a man sucking lie in the snow up .	0
man in robe making designs on dirt ground .	a man closes sticks in the snow replace .	0
an indian woman is dancing with her partner .	a woman is moving .	0
an indian woman is dancing with her partner .	a woman is dead .	0
an indian woman is dancing with her partner .	a woman is moving .	0
an indian woman is dancing with her partner .	a woman is moving .	0
an indian woman is dancing with her partner .	a woman is dead .	0
an indian woman is dancing with her partner .	a woman is moving .	0
an indian woman is dancing with her partner .	a woman is moving .	0
an indian woman is dancing with her partner .	a woman is dead .	0
an indian woman is dancing with her partner .	a woman is dead .	0
an indian woman is dancing with her partner .	a woman is moving .	0
an indian woman is dancing with her partner .	a woman is competing . ` a	0
an indian woman is dancing with her partner .	a woman is moving .	0
an indian woman is dancing with her partner .	a woman is dead .	0
an indian woman is dancing with her partner .	a woman is dead .	0
an indian woman is dancing with her partner .	a woman is moving .	0
five rodeo contestants wait their turn .	people at a rodeo . to	0
five rodeo contestants wait their turn .	people at a bar .	0
five rodeo contestants wait their turn .	people use a sidewalk .	0
five rodeo contestants wait their turn .	people at a bar .	0
five rodeo contestants wait their turn .	people at a rodeo . is	0
five rodeo contestants wait their turn .	people at a rodeo . is	0
five rodeo contestants wait their turn .	people at a bar .	0
five rodeo contestants wait their turn .	people at a rodeo . is	0
five rodeo contestants wait their turn .	people at a rodeo . is	0
five rodeo contestants wait their turn .	people at a bar .	0
five rodeo contestants wait their turn .	people at a rodeo . is	0
five rodeo contestants wait their turn .	people at a bar . a	0
five rodeo contestants wait their turn .	people at a rodeo . to	0
five rodeo contestants wait their turn .	people at a rodeo .	0
five rodeo contestants wait their turn .	people at a bar . is	0
five rodeo contestants wait their turn .	people at a bar .	0
five rodeo contestants wait their turn .	people at a rodeo . is	0
five rodeo contestants wait their turn .	people at a bar .	0
five rodeo contestants wait their turn .	people at a rodeo scarves .	0
five rodeo contestants wait their turn .	people at a bar .	0
five rodeo contestants wait their turn .	people at a bar . pitcher	0
children on the beach with their dog .	the children 's playing catch with their dog .	1
children on the beach with their dog .	the woman is standing straight with their dog .	1
children on the beach with their dog .	the children are playing catch with their dog .	1
children on the beach with their dog .	the woman is playing sized with their dog .	1
children on the beach with their dog .	the woman is standing straight with their dog	1
children on the beach with their dog .	the children meeting playing violin with their toes children	1
children on the beach with their dog .	the children are playing catch with their dog .	1
children on the beach with their dog .	the children are playing catch with their dog .	1
children on the beach with their dog .	the children in it was very their uniforms	1
children on the beach with their dog .	the woman is playing catch with their dog .	1
children on the beach with their dog .	the children on here hoods their potters .	1
children on the beach with their dog .	the children on raised luau with their dog .	1
children on the beach with their dog .	the woman is playing catch with their dog .	1
children on the beach with their dog .	the woman is playing catch with green on skateboard	1
children on the beach with their dog .	the children are playing catch with their dog .	1
children on the beach with their dog .	the children are playing catch with their dog .	1
children on the beach with their dog .	the children on buckets as their watches .	1
two women are relaxing in a hot tub .	two men are in the world salads .	2
two women are relaxing in a hot tub .	two men are in the hot tub .	2
two women are relaxing in a hot tub .	two men are in the hot tub .	2
three men are playing frisbee in the woods .	three female bike are forces in the function .	2
three men are playing frisbee in the woods .	three tourists are seen who <oov> the concert .	2
three men are playing frisbee in the woods .	three female buses trail emerges in the horse .	2
three men are playing frisbee in the woods .	three tourists are seen against <oov> the pole .	2
three men are playing frisbee in the woods .	three baseball people are reindeer across a area .	2
three men are playing frisbee in the woods .	three traditional saluting are waiting across the river .	2
three men are playing frisbee in the woods .	three a footrace are spies across the course .	2
three men are playing frisbee in the woods .	how big fall are thrown the bulldozer <oov> ?	2
three men are playing frisbee in the woods .	three lesbians are arguing during in the atrium .	2
three men are playing frisbee in the woods .	three female crawl are alive in the park .	2
three men are playing frisbee in the woods .	three female ties belts seen the rocket .	2
three men are playing frisbee in the woods .	three guys are arguing ollie in the atmosphere .	2
three men are playing frisbee in the woods .	three baseball about batman are in the stream	2
three men are playing frisbee in the woods .	three science crowd are discussing across the patient .	2
three men are playing frisbee in the woods .	three female everywhere are hurrying in the area .	2
three men are playing frisbee in the woods .	three female allergic are seen from the holidays .	2
three men are playing frisbee in the woods .	three female interact sweatshirts slept in the instrument	2
three men are playing frisbee in the woods .	three female secured are strippers in the summertime .	2
three men are playing frisbee in the woods .	three skydivers are hiking underneath the dogs .	2
three men are playing frisbee in the woods .	three guys are hiking across the land rink .	2
three men are playing frisbee in the woods .	three guys are seen nuts <oov> music .	2
three men are playing frisbee in the woods .	three men are outside . .	0
three men are playing frisbee in the woods .	three men are outside . .	0
three men are playing frisbee in the woods .	three men are outside . .	0
three men are playing frisbee in the woods .	three men are outside . .	0
three men are playing frisbee in the woods .	three men are outside . .	0
three men are playing frisbee in the woods .	three people are outside . .	0
three men are playing frisbee in the woods .	three men are outside . turkey a	0
three men are playing frisbee in the woods .	three men are outside . .	0
three men are playing frisbee in the woods .	three men are outside . .	0
three men are playing frisbee in the woods .	three men are outside . .	0
three men are playing frisbee in the woods .	three men are outside . .	0
three men are playing frisbee in the woods .	three men are outside . .	0
three men are playing frisbee in the woods .	three men are outside . .	0
three men are playing frisbee in the woods .	three men are outside .	0
three men are playing frisbee in the woods .	three men are outside .	0
three men are playing frisbee in the woods .	three men are outside . .	0
three men are playing frisbee in the woods .	three men are outside . .	0
three men are playing frisbee in the woods .	three men are outside . .	0
three men are playing frisbee in the woods .	three men are outside . disregarding	0
three men are playing frisbee in the woods .	three men are outside . .	0
three men are playing frisbee in the woods .	three men are outside . .	0
three men are playing frisbee in the woods .	three men are outside . .	0
three men are playing frisbee in the woods .	three men are outside . .	0
three men are playing frisbee in the woods .	three men are outside . .	0
three men are playing frisbee in the woods .	three men are outside . .	0
three men are playing frisbee in the woods .	three men are outside . .	0
three men are playing frisbee in the woods .	three men are outside . .	0
three men are playing frisbee in the woods .	three men are outside . .	0
three men are playing frisbee in the woods .	three men are outside . a	0
three men are playing frisbee in the woods .	three men are outside . .	0
three men are playing frisbee in the woods .	three men are outside . .	0
three men are playing frisbee in the woods .	three men are outside . .	0
three men are playing frisbee in the woods .	three men are outside . .	0
three men are playing frisbee in the woods .	three men are outside . .	0
three men are playing frisbee in the woods .	three men are outside . .	0
three men are playing frisbee in the woods .	three men are outside . .	0
three men are playing frisbee in the woods .	three men are outside . .	0
three men are playing frisbee in the woods .	three men are outside . .	0
three men are playing frisbee in the woods .	three men are outside . .	0
an suv traveling through mud .	courtyard entertainer sails arts . at	0
an suv traveling through mud .	monarch world slides items .	0
an suv traveling through mud .	ground world mud phoenix .	0
an suv traveling through mud .	name breathes how clouds .	0
an suv traveling through mud .	a surgeon is mud .	0
an suv traveling through mud .	graffiti butt and drawing . a	0
an suv traveling through mud .	name escaping through mud .	0
an suv traveling through mud .	a skating well starfish anywhere .	0
an suv traveling through mud .	name transport child batting . a	0
an suv traveling through mud .	hiking man contemplate nice . a	0
an suv traveling through mud .	it atlanta through mud .	0
an suv traveling through mud .	monkey stole flowers how .	0
an suv traveling through mud .	restaurant man sorting balls .	0
an suv traveling through mud .	boxers helps baby delayed . a	0
an suv traveling through mud .	name is oak mud .	0
an suv traveling through mud .	couple preparing design inspecting . plan	0
an suv traveling through mud .	son canoe and burning . a long	0
an suv traveling through mud .	marathon man wants well .	0
an suv traveling through mud .	skater stretching through mexican . is	0
an suv traveling through mud .	mixed cannonball through mud .	0
an suv traveling through mud .	hippie headed through mud . is	0
an suv traveling through mud .	laptop bear through bust . is	0
customers are ordering food at a cafe .	there are no ski lift the old .	2
customers are ordering food at a cafe .	there are no sat at the sea .	2
customers are ordering food at a cafe .	there are no customers with the goat .	2
customers are ordering food at a cafe .	there are no brown ladies is lift .	2
customers are ordering food at a cafe .	there are no customers with the goat .	2
customers are ordering food at a cafe .	there are no customers with the crate .	2
customers are ordering food at a cafe .	there are no prison to pull the .	2
customers are ordering food at a cafe .	there are no customers with the pig .	2
customers are ordering food at a cafe .	there are no customers with the crate .	2
customers are ordering food at a cafe .	there are no customers with the pig .	2
customers are ordering food at a cafe .	a go-cart hits a sea with the friends	0
customers are ordering food at a cafe .	there were a apples room at a week .	0
customers are ordering food at a cafe .	there are a litter with the stove boat .	0
customers are ordering food at a cafe .	there were a cruise with the house size	0
customers are ordering food at a cafe .	there are formed a individual with a bath	0
customers are ordering food at a cafe .	a nanny of the seas with a pavilion	0
customers are ordering food at a cafe .	a wall family moves a ordering cafe shooting	0
customers are ordering food at a cafe .	there are clip people at the cafe food	0
customers are ordering food at a cafe .	there are dozing playing with the french boxers .	0
customers are ordering food at a cafe .	there are sculptures to sitting at a company	0
customers are ordering food at a cafe .	there were a youth room at a praying .	0
customers are ordering food at a cafe .	there are scent at a cafe vendor cabin .	0
customers are ordering food at a cafe .	there are orient individuals with the bass side	0
customers are ordering food at a cafe .	a businessman performs a finished with the bucket	0
customers are ordering food at a cafe .	there were a trashcan here with a mountain .	0
customers are ordering food at a cafe .	there are worshipping family striding a ordering boat .	0
customers are ordering food at a cafe .	there are backpackers playing with a jewish magazine	0
customers are ordering food at a cafe .	there were a storm playing with a stove .	0
an asian man makes faces for the camera .	the man is not asian .	2
an asian man makes faces for the camera .	cousins smoked are with the skateboard quietly .	0
an asian man makes faces for the camera .	bvoy dock are hoping to the tide .	0
an asian man makes faces for the camera .	her suspended reached levitating the camera to race .	0
an asian man makes faces for the camera .	a motocross saving already to the army .	0
an asian man makes faces for the camera .	a reporter forward to the prisoner to pedestrians .	0
an asian man makes faces for the camera .	teen capturing soldiers to the camera shore .	0
an asian man makes faces for the camera .	jewish woman performs the granite to catch .	0
an asian man makes faces for the camera .	an controllers happily loud to the guy .	0
an asian man makes faces for the camera .	a sportsman grows drums the camera to shore .	0
an asian man makes faces for the camera .	a perosn parade around the basket chickens .	0
an asian man makes faces for the camera .	mail made sounds are sprinting the congress .	0
an asian man makes faces for the camera .	a free cashier the guitar to their cameras .	0
an asian man makes faces for the camera .	a lawyers listening sat to the catch .	0
an asian man makes faces for the camera .	a zip threatening the vacuum to crowded .	0
an asian man makes faces for the camera .	a rapper area removes to the passerby .	0
an asian man makes faces for the camera .	a quiet rockstar the stairs to their sock .	0
an asian man makes faces for the camera .	a barricade survivors angry to the camera .	0
an asian man makes faces for the camera .	a traveler two customers to the skill	0
an asian man makes faces for the camera .	an airplane rushes to the awards race .	0
an asian man makes faces for the camera .	a rapper rubbed boys to the sculpture .	0
an asian man makes faces for the camera .	runners are tom sparring in the countryside .	0
an asian man makes faces for the camera .	a quiet eggplant drooling the camera important .	0
an asian man makes faces for the camera .	a sledder hoping as the camera to drive .	0
an asian man makes faces for the camera .	runners are made around the camera caribbean .	0
an asian man makes faces for the camera .	a accident made the to drive their destinations .	0
an asian man makes faces for the camera .	a graduate showed fights to the african .	0
an asian man makes faces for the camera .	a reporter rushes to the camera pointed .	0
an asian man makes faces for the camera .	a chipmunk launches marches to the camera .	0
a man crouches down next to a motorcycle .	a man is beside a knit .	0
a man crouches down next to a motorcycle .	a man is pillar a knit game .	0
a man crouches down next to a motorcycle .	a man is beside a separating light .	0
a man crouches down next to a motorcycle .	a man is down a butcher drill .	0
a man crouches down next to a motorcycle .	a man is beside a bare family .	0
a man crouches down next to a motorcycle .	a male is child a one-piece game .	0
a man crouches down next to a motorcycle .	a young man is on a waterski .	0
a man crouches down next to a motorcycle .	a man is on a motor swordsman .	0
a man crouches down next to a motorcycle .	a man is on a motor motorcycle .	0
a man crouches down next to a motorcycle .	a child is beside a knit game .	0
a man crouches down next to a motorcycle .	a man is on a ironing streetlight .	0
a man crouches down next to a motorcycle .	a young man is down a rounded .	0
a man crouches down next to a motorcycle .	a man is guards a child .	0
a man crouches down next to a motorcycle .	a man is beside a motorcyclist extended .	0
a man crouches down next to a motorcycle .	a man is beside a black igloo .	0
people waiting on a train platform .	people are gathered . .	0
people waiting on a train platform .	people are waiting .	0
people waiting on a train platform .	people are waiting .	0
people waiting on a train platform .	people are waiting .	0
people waiting on a train platform .	people are waiting .	0
people waiting on a train platform .	people are waiting .	0
people waiting on a train platform .	people are waiting .	0
people waiting on a train platform .	people are waiting .	0
people waiting on a train platform .	people are waiting .	0
people waiting on a train platform .	people are waiting .	0
people waiting on a train platform .	people are waiting .	0
people waiting on a train platform .	people are waiting .	0
people waiting on a train platform .	people are waiting .	0
people waiting on a train platform .	people are waiting .	0
people waiting on a train platform .	people are waiting .	0
people waiting on a train platform .	people are waiting .	0
people waiting on a train platform .	people are waiting .	0
people waiting on a train platform .	people are waiting .	0
people waiting on a train platform .	people are waiting .	0
people waiting on a train platform .	people are waiting .	0
people waiting on a train platform .	people are waiting .	0
people waiting on a train platform .	people are waiting .	0
people waiting on a train platform .	people are waiting .	0
people waiting on a train platform .	people are waiting .	0
people waiting on a train platform .	people are waiting .	0
people waiting on a train platform .	people are waiting .	0
people waiting on a train platform .	people are waiting .	0
people waiting on a train platform .	people are waiting .	0
people waiting on a train platform .	people are waiting .	0
people waiting on a train platform .	people are waiting .	0
people waiting on a train platform .	people are waiting .	0
people waiting on a train platform .	people are waiting .	0
people waiting on a train platform .	people are waiting .	0
people waiting on a train platform .	people are waiting .	0
people waiting on a train platform .	people are waiting .	0
people waiting on a train platform .	people are waiting .	0
people waiting on a train platform .	people are waiting .	0
people waiting on a train platform .	people are waiting .	0
people waiting on a train platform .	people are waiting .	0
people waiting on a train platform .	people are waiting .	0
people waiting on a train platform .	there 's a club was without .	2
people waiting on a train platform .	there woman with a spears or lovers .	2
people waiting on a train platform .	there is a hawaiian overhang of crops .	2
people waiting on a train platform .	there 's a bob bit of flowers .	2
people waiting on a train platform .	girl with a dozes jacket sovereign . el	2
people waiting on a train platform .	there is a famous or touching . crowd	2
people waiting on a train platform .	people on a railway navigate or mascot .	2
people waiting on a train platform .	there is a masters metropolis of wood .	2
people waiting on a train platform .	there is a wrestler glass here .	2
people waiting on a train platform .	there is a famous eskimo of fans .	2
people waiting on a train platform .	there woman with a function or .	2
people waiting on a train platform .	there is a patients awareness of ball .	2
people waiting on a train platform .	there is a middle peacock of burgers .	2
people waiting on a train platform .	there is a answering boat swing . .	2
people waiting on a train platform .	there woman with a sniper raised .	2
people waiting on a train platform .	there is a carriage trolley of bat .	2
people waiting on a train platform .	there is a hawaiian kites of backup .	2
people waiting on a train platform .	there 's a hawaiian glass or range .	2
people waiting on a train platform .	there 's a club improve or rope .	2
people waiting on a train platform .	there is a famous dentist concert . a	2
people waiting on a train platform .	children there a chef inspecting exercise .	2
people waiting on a train platform .	there woman is serving cards of ferris .	2
people waiting on a train platform .	there is a favorite misses of flowers .	2
people waiting on a train platform .	there boy an infant serving rollerskaters .	2
people waiting on a train platform .	there is a hawaiian hammers glaring shopping .	2
people waiting on a train platform .	there 's a club post looks .	2
people waiting on a train platform .	there 's a club or pride .	2
people waiting on a train platform .	there 's a carriage gets private .	2
people waiting on a train platform .	there 's a club of jump .	2
people waiting on a train platform .	there is a wrestler sleeve or . to	2
people waiting on a train platform .	people eating a sandwich of engagement crash .	2
people waiting on a train platform .	there 's a harp of nowhere chimney .	2
people waiting on a train platform .	there 's a club soars any . came	2
people waiting on a train platform .	there 's a club gets well-lit .	2
people waiting on a train platform .	there 's a glass bleach or prepared .	2
people waiting on a train platform .	people on a giant chalkboard about problem .	2
girls dressed in red stand in a line .	they are running .	2
girls dressed in red stand in a line .	it is a special day light .	1
girls dressed in red stand in a line .	it is a special day policy . to	1
girls dressed in red stand in a line .	it is a downhill taught . a	1
girls dressed in red stand in a line .	it is a buss day feat .	1
girls dressed in red stand in a line .	it is a special day looms . on	1
girls dressed in red stand in a line .	vegetables is a special day . a	1
girls dressed in red stand in a line .	it is a special day weekend .	1
girls dressed in red stand in a line .	it is a leaping day . a	1
girls dressed in red stand in a line .	a cocker is a nude steak .	1
girls dressed in red stand in a line .	it is a special day act .	1
girls dressed in red stand in a line .	it is a special glass . a	1
girls dressed in red stand in a line .	it is a special day function . a	1
girls dressed in red stand in a line .	it is a special day pathway .	1
girls dressed in red stand in a line .	it is a special sprawled day .	1
girls dressed in red stand in a line .	a lady is a nude .	1
girls dressed in red stand in a line .	it is a special weak nude .	1
girls dressed in red stand in a line .	it is a special day time .	1
girls dressed in red stand in a line .	it is a giant garment day .	1
girls dressed in red stand in a line .	it is a special day angle . a	1
girls dressed in red stand in a line .	it is a special day pathway .	1
girls dressed in red stand in a line .	it is a special day rainy .	1
girls dressed in red stand in a line .	it is a hot adidas weaving . people	1
girls dressed in red stand in a line .	it is a special day load .	1
girls dressed in red stand in a line .	it is a special day light .	1
girls dressed in red stand in a line .	it is a special day skydiving . from	1
girls dressed in red stand in a line .	it is a special day dollar .	1
girls dressed in red stand in a line .	it is a special day pathway .	1
girls dressed in red stand in a line .	it is a special day sense .	1
two furry beige dogs playing in ocean surf .	two dogs are outside . .	0
two furry beige dogs playing in ocean surf .	two dogs are playing on a dusty field .	0
two furry beige dogs playing in ocean surf .	two dogs are playing on a midday avenue .	0
two furry beige dogs playing in ocean surf .	two dogs are playing on a oceans operations .	0
two furry beige dogs playing in ocean surf .	two dogs are playing on a foam field .	0
two furry beige dogs playing in ocean surf .	two dogs are playing on a shady dirt-bike .	0
two furry beige dogs playing in ocean surf .	two dogs are playing on a dart mart .	0
two furry beige dogs playing in ocean surf .	two dogs are playing on a shady sled .	0
two furry beige dogs playing in ocean surf .	two dogs are playing on a dragon beach .	0
two furry beige dogs playing in ocean surf .	two dogs are playing on a foam television .	0
two furry beige dogs playing in ocean surf .	two dogs are playing on a monday mountainside .	0
two furry beige dogs playing in ocean surf .	two dogs are playing on a lift sail	0
two furry beige dogs playing in ocean surf .	two dogs are playing on a foam bet .	0
two furry beige dogs playing in ocean surf .	two dogs sleep .	2
two furry beige dogs playing in ocean surf .	two dogs sleep .	2
two furry beige dogs playing in ocean surf .	two dogs sleep .	2
two furry beige dogs playing in ocean surf .	two dogs sleep .	2
two furry beige dogs playing in ocean surf .	two dogs sleep .	2
two furry beige dogs playing in ocean surf .	two skiiers sleep .	2
two furry beige dogs playing in ocean surf .	two dogs sleep .	2
several children are standing on the beach .	a kids are in the back yard .	2
several children are standing on the beach .	a kids are in the finishing marching .	2
several children are standing on the beach .	a kids are in the back east water .	2
several children are standing on the beach .	a kids are in the back yard water .	2
several children are standing on the beach .	kids a actor and two professional livestock swords	2
several children are standing on the beach .	a kids are in the back yard .	2
several children are standing on the beach .	a kids are outside the table election .	2
several children are standing on the beach .	a kids are in the back yard water .	2
several children are standing on the beach .	a kids are in the back muddy depressed .	2
several children are standing on the beach .	a kids are in the back yard water .	2
several children are standing on the beach .	a kids are outside the elevator cheer .	2
several children are standing on the beach .	a kids are in the contest holding pots .	2
several children are standing on the beach .	a kids are outside the lovely youngest .	2
several children are standing on the beach .	a kids hits the street are pure .	2
several children are standing on the beach .	a kids are in the back yard water .	2
several children are standing on the beach .	a kids are outside the last scenery .	2
several children are standing on the beach .	a kids are in the back yard .	2
several children are standing on the beach .	a kids are in the back yard .	2
several children are standing on the beach .	a kids are in the breeze pony .	2
several children are standing on the beach .	a kids are outside the national rollerskating floor .	2
several children are standing on the beach .	a kids are in the back conference water .	2
several children are standing on the beach .	a kids brings the group of mosque .	2
several children are standing on the beach .	a kids are in the back murky water .	2
several children are standing on the beach .	a kids are in the back yard .	2
several children are standing on the beach .	a kids are in the super floor hall	2
several children are standing on the beach .	a kids are in the secretly weekend alone .	2
several children are standing on the beach .	a kids are in the back yard .	2
several children are standing on the beach .	a kids climbing the street and full barn .	2
several children are standing on the beach .	a kids are in the super rollerskating .	2
several children are standing on the beach .	a kids are in the back yard water .	2
several children are standing on the beach .	a kids are outside the age floor .	2
several children are standing on the beach .	kids are tennis and two coworkers court .	2
several children are standing on the beach .	a kids are in the back yard .	2
several children are standing on the beach .	a kids are outside the hitting floor .	2
several children are standing on the beach .	a kids are in the painting field .	2
several children are standing on the beach .	a kids are in the back yard .	2
men wearing hats walk on the street .	a men walking inside a guitar mother .	2
men wearing hats walk on the street .	a men walking inside a school guitar .	2
men wearing hats walk on the street .	a group walking inside a pristine guitar .	2
men wearing hats walk on the street .	a men walking inside a school center .	2
men wearing hats walk on the street .	a men walking inside doing the road .	2
men wearing hats walk on the street .	a men walking inside the mountainside outside .	2
men wearing hats walk on the street .	the men in different burning . a	1
men wearing hats walk on the street .	the men in life vests . `	1
men wearing hats walk on the street .	the men are construction workers . oars	1
men wearing hats walk on the street .	the men in life actions . `	1
men wearing hats walk on the street .	the men have daylight workers . `	1
men wearing hats walk on the street .	the men 's awaits wings . `	1
men wearing hats walk on the street .	the men block someone works . children	1
men wearing hats walk on the street .	the men 's grandfather workers . the	1
men wearing hats walk on the street .	the men are construction workers . is	1
men wearing hats walk on the street .	the young man outdoors . to the	1
men wearing hats walk on the street .	the men in life volkswagon . `	1
men wearing hats walk on the street .	the men own someone works . to	1
men wearing hats walk on the street .	the men are construction workers . came	1
men wearing hats walk on the street .	the men hungry woman careful .	1
men wearing hats walk on the street .	the men are construction workers . to	1
men wearing hats walk on the street .	the men in life travel . to a	1
men wearing hats walk on the street .	the men ben woman queen .	1
three musicians are playing in a band .	a girl suit is riding a breaking swing .	0
three musicians are playing in a band .	a girl is licking a crowd of camo	0
three musicians are playing in a band .	a girl is molding a crowd of 18 .	0
three musicians are playing in a band .	a workers is a boat of others fox face	0
three musicians are playing in a band .	a white lady is part of a crowd .	0
three musicians are playing in a band .	a girl is molding a crowd of objects .	0
three musicians are playing in a band .	a girl is licking a crowd of logs	0
three musicians are playing in a band .	a girl is licking a crowd of baloon .	0
three musicians are playing in a band .	a girl is flapping a crowd of logs .	0
three musicians are playing in a band .	a girl is licking a crowd of apart .	0
three musicians are playing in a band .	a girl is cheerful something around a table .	0
three musicians are playing in a band .	a girl is molding a crowd of bread .	0
three musicians are playing in a band .	a girl is putting of a german shepherd .	0
three musicians are playing in a band .	a girl is possession of a hay bale .	0
three musicians are playing in a band .	a girl is boarding a crowd of music .	0
three musicians are playing in a band .	a girl is stitching of a national walker .	0
three musicians are playing in a band .	a girl is having a crowd stall beers textile	0
three musicians are playing in a band .	a girl is waterskiing a crowd of history .	0
three musicians are playing in a band .	a girl is amusing a part of billiards .	0
three musicians are playing in a band .	a girl is boarding a crowd of nightclub .	0
three musicians are playing in a band .	a girl is solid a crowd of musicians .	0
three musicians are playing in a band .	a girl sells a boat of pup musician .	0
three musicians are playing in a band .	a girl is licking a crowd of logs .	0
three musicians are playing in a band .	a girl is wearing a laundry of illiterate .	0
three musicians are playing in a band .	a girl is having a crowd stall relaxing .	0
three musicians are playing in a band .	a girl is conducting a tank keyboard happily	0
three musicians are playing in a band .	a girl is attracted a crowd of hunting face	0
three musicians are playing in a band .	a girl is molding a crowd of cyclists .	0
three musicians are playing in a band .	a girl is terrified a loved hair swinging .	0
three musicians are playing in a band .	a girl is molding a trio of attentive .	0
three musicians are playing in a band .	a girl is suit of a german scramble	0
three musicians are playing in a band .	a girl is sitting beer with a green hair	0
three musicians are playing in a band .	the band is hitting	2
a little girl in a pink dress crying .	the girl is laughing . is is	2
a little girl in a pink dress crying .	the girl is laughing . outside turkey	2
a little girl in a pink dress crying .	the girl is laughing . .	2
a little girl in a pink dress crying .	the girl is laughing . is turkey	2
a little girl in a pink dress crying .	the girl is laughing . is the	2
a little girl in a pink dress crying .	the girl is laughing . . turkey	2
a little girl in a pink dress crying .	the girl is laughing . across is	2
a little girl in a pink dress crying .	the girl is laughing . is cookie	2
a little girl in a pink dress crying .	the girl is laughing . is footwear	2
a little girl in a pink dress crying .	the girl is laughing . people turkey	2
a little girl in a pink dress crying .	the girl is laughing . is is	2
a little girl in a pink dress crying .	the girl is laughing . is the	2
a little girl in a pink dress crying .	the girl is laughing . is	2
a little girl in a pink dress crying .	the girl is laughing . kneel the	2
a little girl in a pink dress crying .	the girl is laughing . is	2
a little girl in a pink dress crying .	the girl is laughing . is turkey	2
a little girl in a pink dress crying .	the girl is laughing . is the	2
a little girl in a pink dress crying .	the girl is laughing . is turkey	2
a little girl in a pink dress crying .	the girl is laughing . .	2
a little girl in a pink dress crying .	the girl is laughing . is wandering	2
a little girl in a pink dress crying .	the girl is laughing . is	2
a little girl in a pink dress crying .	the girl is laughing . is crazy	2
a little girl in a pink dress crying .	the girl is laughing . is the	2
a little girl in a pink dress crying .	the girl is laughing . is footwear	2
a little girl in a pink dress crying .	the girl is laughing . people turkey	2
a little girl in a pink dress crying .	the girl is laughing . is	2
a little girl in a pink dress crying .	the girl is laughing . is the	2
a little girl in a pink dress crying .	the girl is laughing . is footwear	2
a little girl in a pink dress crying .	the girl is laughing . is	2
a little girl in a pink dress crying .	the girl is laughing . is	2
a little girl in a pink dress crying .	the girl is laughing . is the	2
a little girl in a pink dress crying .	the girl is laughing . people turkey	2
a little girl in a pink dress crying .	the girl is laughing . and girl	2
a little girl in a pink dress crying .	the girl is laughing . is	2
a little girl in a pink dress crying .	the girl is laughing . and is	2
a little girl in a pink dress crying .	the girl is laughing . du is	2
a little girl in a pink dress crying .	the girl is laughing . ride .	2
a little girl in a pink dress crying .	the girl is laughing . . turkey	2
a little girl in a pink dress crying .	the girl is laughing . . turkey	2
a little girl in a pink dress crying .	the girl is laughing . maintained .	2
a little girl in a pink dress crying .	a young girl is protesting reading aim off .	1
a little girl in a pink dress crying .	a young girl is protesting hugged set practice .	1
a little girl in a pink dress crying .	a young girl is joining grandson into rooms .	1
a little girl in a pink dress crying .	a young girl is protesting n alcohol lifts .	1
a little girl in a pink dress crying .	a young girl is yelling for mars ring .	1
a little girl in a pink dress crying .	a young girl is controlling loud in bed .	1
a little girl in a pink dress crying .	a young girl is protesting fictional singing attention .	1
a little girl in a pink dress crying .	a young girl is protesting because of attention .	1
a little girl in a pink dress crying .	a young girl is curled ski with friends .	1
a little girl in a pink dress crying .	a young girl is protesting newborn off cracks .	1
a little girl in a pink dress crying .	a young girl is examine for mars praying .	1
a little girl in a pink dress crying .	a young girl is goats loud under vendor .	1
a little girl in a pink dress crying .	a young girl is protesting bareback discovers shooting .	1
a little girl in a pink dress crying .	a young girl is docking into a day .	1
a little girl in a pink dress crying .	a young woman is lit for mars ring .	1
two old women sitting on curb next to flowers	what string country did works <oov> flowers ?	0
two old women sitting on curb next to flowers	what have does the rain gathering ?	0
two old women sitting on curb next to flowers	pit men have sex an opponent building .	0
two old women sitting on curb next to flowers	what have does the crowd jumping ?	0
two old women sitting on curb next to flowers	what have plays been on the bamboo ?	0
two old women sitting on curb next to flowers	what does have play near their weight ?	0
two old women sitting on curb next to flowers	what does have play near <oov> high ?	0
two old women sitting on curb next to flowers	another boy standing against rare an atm .	0
two old women sitting on curb next to flowers	what does have play video game today ?	0
two old women sitting on curb next to flowers	teens riders have been families woman	0
two old women sitting on curb next to flowers	what does have play xbox in red ?	0
two old women sitting on curb next to flowers	what 's have been and girl ?	0
two old women sitting on curb next to flowers	what standing have and common beards ?	0
two old women sitting on curb next to flowers	what does have play near popped ?	0
two old women sitting on curb next to flowers	what does play have and girl jogging ?	0
two old women sitting on curb next to flowers	what have does play near their shoes .	0
two old women sitting on curb next to flowers	what have plays works for canned ?	0
two old women sitting on curb next to flowers	what does have another been girl ?	0
two old women sitting on curb next to flowers	what have does another recycling an explosion ?	0
two old women sitting on curb next to flowers	what does have did an animal ?	0
two old women sitting on curb next to flowers	what does have play near some kind ?	0
two old women sitting on curb next to flowers	what colorado have been snowing and hugging ?	0
two old women sitting on curb next to flowers	what does play have been and dancing ?	0
two old women sitting on curb next to flowers	what does play have and girl turn	0
two old women sitting on curb next to flowers	chicken have play wings near a bench .	0
two old women sitting on curb next to flowers	what does have age one falling ?	0
two old women sitting on curb next to flowers	what does have the heart on bench ?	0
two old women sitting on curb next to flowers	what plays have and history by girl ?	0
two old women sitting on curb next to flowers	what does have play near '' ever ?	0
two old women sitting on curb next to flowers	what does play have girl in tuxedos ?	0
two old women sitting on curb next to flowers	what does have play video products '' ?	0
two old women sitting on curb next to flowers	tuna women are standing near <oov> passengers .	0
two old women sitting on curb next to flowers	another man have gotten near tricks .	0
two old women sitting on curb next to flowers	what have does the crowd girl ?	0
a couple opening up a new <oov> mixer .	the amidst is set up around an accident .	1
a couple opening up a new <oov> mixer .	the electrical is tired people up each other .	1
a couple opening up a new <oov> mixer .	the participants is hot up around an exam	1
a couple opening up a new <oov> mixer .	the window is comfortable in front sports performance .	1
a couple opening up a new <oov> mixer .	the sail is set up around an ax	1
a couple opening up a new <oov> mixer .	the random is captured around in colorful leotards .	1
a couple opening up a new <oov> mixer .	the sidewalk that is tired in important hugs .	1
a couple opening up a new <oov> mixer .	the contortionist is world around up icy benches .	1
a couple opening up a new <oov> mixer .	the image is spraying onward and cars checkout .	1
a couple opening up a new <oov> mixer .	the sculpture is tired on a project ramp .	1
a couple opening up a new <oov> mixer .	the sharp is unwraps around up an brown .	1
a couple opening up a new <oov> mixer .	the manager is extremely <oov> around an suv .	1
a couple opening up a new <oov> mixer .	the world is set up dogs stand away .	1
a couple opening up a new <oov> mixer .	the hot is canada ready to be reporting	1
a couple opening up a new <oov> mixer .	the third is world around up an ice	1
a couple opening up a new <oov> mixer .	the third is tidying up around an suv	1
a couple opening up a new <oov> mixer .	the participants is comfortable on to he shots .	1
a couple opening up a new <oov> mixer .	the office is set up around an exam .	1
a couple opening up a new <oov> mixer .	the seated is lady up around an accident .	1
a couple opening up a new <oov> mixer .	the telescope is world around up inactive wait	1
a couple opening up a new <oov> mixer .	the emt is on just stopped a tractor .	1
a couple opening up a new <oov> mixer .	the dj is stroking <oov> frozen up backdrop .	1
a couple opening up a new <oov> mixer .	the constructions person is around red raises ladders .	1
a couple opening up a new <oov> mixer .	the office is tidying up around an easel .	1
a couple opening up a new <oov> mixer .	the participants is cabinets around in danger snowsuit .	1
a couple opening up a new <oov> mixer .	the european is blond around in this weekend .	1
a couple opening up a new <oov> mixer .	the seated is set up stairs for hotdogs .	1
a couple opening up a new <oov> mixer .	the office is under up around an exam	1
a furry dog is jumping over a hurdle .	a dog is jumping .	0
a furry dog is jumping over a hurdle .	a dog is jumping .	0
a furry dog is jumping over a hurdle .	a dog is jumping .	0
a furry dog is jumping over a hurdle .	a dog is jumping .	0
a furry dog is jumping over a hurdle .	a dog is jumping .	0
a furry dog is jumping over a hurdle .	a dog is jumping .	0
a furry dog is jumping over a hurdle .	a dog is jumping .	0
a furry dog is jumping over a hurdle .	a dog is jumping .	0
a furry dog is jumping over a hurdle .	a dog is jumping .	0
a furry dog is jumping over a hurdle .	a dog is jumping .	0
a furry dog is jumping over a hurdle .	a dog is jumping .	0
a furry dog is jumping over a hurdle .	a dog is jumping .	0
a furry dog is jumping over a hurdle .	a dog is jumping .	0
a furry dog is jumping over a hurdle .	a dog is jumping .	0
a furry dog is jumping over a hurdle .	a dog is jumping .	0
a furry dog is jumping over a hurdle .	a dog is jumping .	0
a furry dog is jumping over a hurdle .	a dog is jumping .	0
a furry dog is jumping over a hurdle .	a dog is jumping .	0
a furry dog is jumping over a hurdle .	a dog is jumping .	0
a furry dog is jumping over a hurdle .	a dog is jumping .	0
a furry dog is jumping over a hurdle .	a dog is jumping .	0
a furry dog is jumping over a hurdle .	a dog is jumping .	0
a furry dog is jumping over a hurdle .	a dog is jumping .	0
a furry dog is jumping over a hurdle .	a dog is jumping .	0
a furry dog is jumping over a hurdle .	a dog is jumping .	0
a furry dog is jumping over a hurdle .	a dog is jumping .	0
a furry dog is jumping over a hurdle .	a dog is jumping .	0
a furry dog is jumping over a hurdle .	a dog is jumping .	0
a furry dog is jumping over a hurdle .	a dog is jumping .	0
a furry dog is jumping over a hurdle .	a dog is jumping . a	0
a furry dog is jumping over a hurdle .	a dog is jumping .	0
a furry dog is jumping over a hurdle .	a dog is jumping .	0
a furry dog is jumping over a hurdle .	a dog is jumping .	0
a furry dog is jumping over a hurdle .	a dog is jumping .	0
a furry dog is jumping over a hurdle .	a dog is jumping . is	0
a furry dog is jumping over a hurdle .	a dog is jumping .	0
a furry dog is jumping over a hurdle .	a dog is jumping . is	0
a furry dog is jumping over a hurdle .	a dog is jumping .	0
a furry dog is jumping over a hurdle .	a dog is jumping . to	0
a furry dog is jumping over a hurdle .	a dog is jumping .	0
a furry dog is jumping over a hurdle .	a cat sleeps in the skateboard .	2
a man on a ladder in tall grass .	the man is outdoors . is	0
a man on a ladder in tall grass .	the man is outdoors . the	0
a man on a ladder in tall grass .	the man is outdoors . about the	0
a man on a ladder in tall grass .	the man is outdoors . is the	0
a man on a ladder in tall grass .	the man is outdoors . to the	0
a man on a ladder in tall grass .	the man is outdoors . ` is	0
a man on a ladder in tall grass .	the man is outdoors . to the	0
a man on a ladder in tall grass .	the man is outdoors . the `	0
a man on a ladder in tall grass .	the man is outdoors . `	0
a man on a ladder in tall grass .	the man is outdoors . to	0
a man on a ladder in tall grass .	the man is outdoors . ` is	0
a man on a ladder in tall grass .	the man is outdoors . to the	0
a man on a ladder in tall grass .	the man is outdoors . is	0
a man on a ladder in tall grass .	the man is outdoors . ` the	0
a man on a ladder in tall grass .	the man is outdoors . `	0
a man on a ladder in tall grass .	the man is outdoors . ` is	0
a man on a ladder in tall grass .	the man is outdoors . the garden	0
a man on a ladder in tall grass .	the man is outdoors . unison `	0
a man on a ladder in tall grass .	the man is outdoors . ` the	0
a man on a ladder in tall grass .	the man is outdoors . is	0
a man on a ladder in tall grass .	the man is outdoors . the	0
a man on a ladder in tall grass .	the man is outdoors . teller turkey	0
a man on a ladder in tall grass .	the man is outdoors . is	0
a man on a ladder in tall grass .	the man is outdoors . people the	0
a man on a ladder in tall grass .	a man is wearing glasses . `	1
a man on a ladder in tall grass .	man is wearing a glasses . attach	1
a man on a ladder in tall grass .	a man is wearing glasses . writing	1
a man on a ladder in tall grass .	man is wearing town glasses . wave	1
a man on a ladder in tall grass .	a man is wearing glasses . at	1
a man on a ladder in tall grass .	a man is wearing glasses . is	1
a man on a ladder in tall grass .	a man is wearing glasses . is	1
a man on a ladder in tall grass .	man is wearing a glasses . ` man	1
a man on a ladder in tall grass .	a man is wearing glasses . about	1
a man on a ladder in tall grass .	a man is wearing glasses . is	1
a man on a ladder in tall grass .	a man is wearing glasses . is	1
a man on a ladder in tall grass .	a man is wearing glasses . is	1
a man on a ladder in tall grass .	a man is wearing glasses . bus	1
a man on a ladder in tall grass .	a man is wearing glasses . is	1
a man on a ladder in tall grass .	a man is wearing glasses . is	1
a man on a ladder in tall grass .	a man is wearing glasses . is	1
a man on a ladder in tall grass .	a man is wearing glasses . is	1
a man on a ladder in tall grass .	a man is wearing glasses . is	1
a man on a ladder in tall grass .	a man is wearing glasses . is	1
a man on a ladder in tall grass .	man is eating around people . to	1
a man on a ladder in tall grass .	the man is wearing glasses . is	1
a man on a ladder in tall grass .	a man is wearing glasses . came	1
a man on a ladder in tall grass .	a man is wearing glasses . is	1
a man on a ladder in tall grass .	a man is wearing glasses . not	1
a man on a ladder in tall grass .	a man is wearing glasses . is	1
a man on a ladder in tall grass .	man is wearing a glasses . people	1
a man on a ladder in tall grass .	man is eating around people . wave	1
a man on a ladder in tall grass .	a man is wearing glasses . is	1
a man on a ladder in tall grass .	a man is wearing glasses . people	1
a man on a ladder in tall grass .	a man is wearing glasses . is	1
a man on a ladder in tall grass .	a man is wearing glasses . <oov>	1
a man on a ladder in tall grass .	the man is wearing glasses . `	1
a man on a ladder in tall grass .	a man is wearing glasses . is	1
a man on a ladder in tall grass .	man is wearing swimsuits outside . to dropped	1
a man on a ladder in tall grass .	a man is wearing glasses . is	1
a man on a ladder in tall grass .	a man is wearing glasses . belt	1
a man on a ladder in tall grass .	a man is wearing glasses . <oov>	1
a man on a ladder in tall grass .	a man is wearing glasses . is	1
a man on a ladder in tall grass .	a man is wearing glasses . across	1
a man on a ladder in tall grass .	a man is wearing glasses . is	1
topless girl riding a red bike .	a woman is wearing a shirt tinkerbell .	2
topless girl riding a red bike .	the woman is wearing a shirt shirt .	2
topless girl riding a red bike .	the woman is wearing a shirt shirt .	2
topless girl riding a red bike .	a woman is wearing a striped shirt .	2
topless girl riding a red bike .	a woman is wearing a shirt shirt .	2
topless girl riding a red bike .	a woman is wearing a shirt .	2
topless girl riding a red bike .	the woman is wearing a shirt hats .	2
topless girl riding a red bike .	a woman is wearing a shirt .	2
topless girl riding a red bike .	the woman is wearing a shirt shirt .	2
topless girl riding a red bike .	the woman is wearing a shirt .	2
topless girl riding a red bike .	the woman is wearing a shirt glove .	2
topless girl riding a red bike .	the woman is wearing a shirt glove .	2
topless girl riding a red bike .	a woman is wearing a shirt .	2
topless girl riding a red bike .	a woman is wearing a shirt film .	2
topless girl riding a red bike .	a woman is wearing a shirt glove .	2
topless girl riding a red bike .	the woman is wearing a shirt shirt .	2
topless girl riding a red bike .	the woman is wearing a shirt shirt .	2
topless girl riding a red bike .	the woman is wearing a shirt .	2
topless girl riding a red bike .	a person is wearing a shirt shirt .	2
topless girl riding a red bike .	the woman is wearing a shirt shirt .	2
topless girl riding a red bike .	the woman is wearing a shirt glove .	2
topless girl riding a red bike .	a woman is wearing a shirt .	2
topless girl riding a red bike .	the woman is wearing a shirt vault .	2
topless girl riding a red bike .	the woman is wearing a shirt vaulting .	2
topless girl riding a red bike .	a woman is wearing a shirt glove .	2
topless girl riding a red bike .	the woman is wearing a shirt glove .	2
topless girl riding a red bike .	the woman is wearing a shirt shirt .	2
topless girl riding a red bike .	the woman is wearing a shirt shirt .	2
topless girl riding a red bike .	a woman is wearing a shirt .	2
topless girl riding a red bike .	the woman is wearing a shirt glove .	2
topless girl riding a red bike .	the woman is wearing a shirt .	2
topless girl riding a red bike .	a woman is wearing a shirt shirt .	2
topless girl riding a red bike .	a woman is wearing a shirt .	2
topless girl riding a red bike .	the woman is wearing a shirt shirt .	2
topless girl riding a red bike .	the woman is wearing a shirt shirt .	2
topless girl riding a red bike .	the woman is wearing a shirt hats .	2
topless girl riding a red bike .	the woman is wearing a shirt running .	2
topless girl riding a red bike .	a woman is wearing a shirt bandana .	2
topless girl riding a red bike .	the woman is wearing a shirt glove .	2
topless girl riding a red bike .	a woman is on a bike .	0
topless girl riding a red bike .	the woman is tall .	1
white dog playing in the snow .	a dog was chase like from the sprinkler .	1
white dog playing in the snow .	a dog is both alone from the girls .	1
white dog playing in the snow .	a dog is deep int from his mothers .	1
white dog playing in the snow .	a dog was chase barricade from their arms .	1
white dog playing in the snow .	a dog is helping out from the scooter .	1
white dog playing in the snow .	a dog rides alone thailand from the park	1
white dog playing in the snow .	a dog was remembering professionally from their culture .	1
white dog playing in the snow .	a dog trying to sell from their shoes .	1
white dog playing in the snow .	a dog explores back student from grassy beers	1
white dog playing in the snow .	a dog was chase back from their plans .	1
white dog playing in the snow .	a dog begs like faster from the internet .	1
white dog playing in the snow .	a dog was really were from video reacting	1
two wrestlers in an intense match .	a jogger cancelled are an out about test	1
two wrestlers in an intense match .	a coworker burnt outside of an apartment act .	1
two wrestlers in an intense match .	a giant include participants on an cookie guitars .	1
two wrestlers in an intense match .	a giant missing dude and out holding drinks .	1
two wrestlers in an intense match .	a fence `` their bicycle does a tantrum .	1
two wrestlers in an intense match .	a picture sprints woman and out holding bottles .	1
two wrestlers in an intense match .	a picture reminisce not mad are eating dinner .	1
two wrestlers in an intense match .	a creates streetlight are an players festival job	1
two wrestlers in an intense match .	a picture sometimes up and holding out divorce .	1
two wrestlers in an intense match .	a giant graduates competing and out holding action .	1
two wrestlers in an intense match .	a big multicolored rare and out are holding	1
two wrestlers in an intense match .	a wrestlers covers vw out and holding pictured	1
two wrestlers in an intense match .	a scrubbing sign sets out and holding cameras	1
two wrestlers in an intense match .	a big wage flies and eat are standing .	1
two wrestlers in an intense match .	a picture usually of his paddle family floor	1
two wrestlers in an intense match .	a fence monitor today woman and out crowd .	1
two wrestlers in an intense match .	a gangster flies and out mary standing together .	1
two wrestlers in an intense match .	a wrestler dancing and barefooted an arid couple	1
two wrestlers in an intense match .	a picture starts up and no ground whiteboard .	1
two wrestlers in an intense match .	a giant parachutist seating and attacking a name .	1
two wrestlers in an intense match .	a giant creature arm an audience play hopscotch	1
two wrestlers in an intense match .	a gangster tim through their cookie playing action	1
two wrestlers in an intense match .	a giant kangaroo arm and signing pokemon topless .	1
two wrestlers in an intense match .	a gateway flies behind and pouring form a lady	1
two wrestlers in an intense match .	a picture focuses on the ground about happy marriage	1
two wrestlers in an intense match .	a coworker squirt of blue and brothers topless .	1
two wrestlers in an intense match .	her are participating in a strap game .	0
two wrestlers in an intense match .	six people are visible in a cradle .	0
two wrestlers in an intense match .	rakes king amid on a motor building .	0
two wrestlers in an intense match .	childern are lying in a coffin building .	0
two wrestlers in an intense match .	wrestlers are exiting in a trailer building .	0
two wrestlers in an intense match .	gentleman are exhausted in a tournament building .	0
two wrestlers in an intense match .	presentation are growing in a snowy building .	0
two wrestlers in an intense match .	her dog have in a powerful bars .	0
two wrestlers in an intense match .	hippies are participating in a stairwell horse .	0
two wrestlers in an intense match .	journey are fours in a snowy wilderness .	0
two wrestlers in an intense match .	her boys are in a purple roof .	0
two wrestlers in an intense match .	four product are around in a furry .	0
two wrestlers in an intense match .	customers are reclining in a vine building .	0
two wrestlers in an intense match .	wrestlers are impressed in a balcony building .	0
two wrestlers in an intense match .	energy are gentleman in a cheerleader building .	0
two wrestlers in an intense match .	blowing are sparring in a bundle building .	0
two wrestlers in an intense match .	danced are walking in a fighting game .	0
two wrestlers in an intense match .	bicyclist are meditating in a tournament building .	0
two wrestlers in an intense match .	caged are adults in a snowy building .	0
a policeman on a motorcycle from the rear .	a pirate watching a football show meal .	2
a policeman on a motorcycle from the rear .	a hostess has a turtle air meal .	2
a policeman on a motorcycle from the rear .	a kangaroo and a lit school wakeboard .	2
a policeman on a motorcycle from the rear .	the symbol has a yellow and toast .	2
a policeman on a motorcycle from the rear .	a businessman watching a stoplight and us .	2
a policeman on a motorcycle from the rear .	a pirate shucking a football into powerpoint .	2
a policeman on a motorcycle from the rear .	a pirate covers a dirtbike dirtbike railings .	2
a policeman on a motorcycle from the rear .	a officers watching a barbecue cell jumping .	2
a policeman on a motorcycle from the rear .	a pirate black technician a ceiling sculpture .	2
a policeman on a motorcycle from the rear .	a pirate football player strikes a ceiling .	2
a policeman on a motorcycle from the rear .	a polar has a dirtbike and safe .	2
a policeman on a motorcycle from the rear .	a skier has a missing cell center .	2
a policeman on a motorcycle from the rear .	a businessman watching a football band perform .	2
a policeman on a motorcycle from the rear .	a librarian together a band ongoing thread .	2
a policeman on a motorcycle from the rear .	a gang climber are going to march .	2
a policeman on a motorcycle from the rear .	a husband and a old talk oysters .	2
a policeman on a motorcycle from the rear .	a rabbi taking a band of ballet .	2
a policeman on a motorcycle from the rear .	a orphans fitness a phone they perform .	2
a policeman on a motorcycle from the rear .	a barista watching a football cell brunette .	2
a policeman on a motorcycle from the rear .	a pirate poetry are going to cut .	2
a policeman on a motorcycle from the rear .	a kangaroo and a movie star celebration .	2
a policeman on a motorcycle from the rear .	a stuntman has a ski very high .	2
a policeman on a motorcycle from the rear .	a painters watching a movie assembly crack .	2
a policeman on a motorcycle from the rear .	a resturant ride a badge and cart .	2
a policeman on a motorcycle from the rear .	a lady attends a grandchildren electric eggs .	2
a policeman on a motorcycle from the rear .	a climber at a sign are worst .	2
a policeman on a motorcycle from the rear .	a teddy football a teacher goal away .	2
a policeman on a motorcycle from the rear .	a pirate boxer a football show tackle .	2
a policeman on a motorcycle from the rear .	a businessman makes a football show style .	2
a policeman on a motorcycle from the rear .	a pirate watching a football 100 perform .	2
a policeman on a motorcycle from the rear .	a grade football player framed in ballet .	2
a policeman on a motorcycle from the rear .	a kangaroo and a pile of dolphins .	2
a young boy in a dental <oov> .	the dark-skinned is on the winning stealing musical	2
a young boy in a dental <oov> .	the smiling man is eating the winning climbed	2
a young boy in a dental <oov> .	the table boy is eating the winning iditarod .	2
a young boy in a dental <oov> .	the smiling man is eating the winning apart .	2
a young boy in a dental <oov> .	the smiling man is eating the winning easel .	2
a young boy in a dental <oov> .	the aged boy is eating the winning sombrero .	2
a young boy in a dental <oov> .	an angry boy is in the rodeo weather .	2
a young boy in a dental <oov> .	an older boy is from the stars seated .	2
a young boy in a dental <oov> .	the smiling man is eating the mix hospital .	2
a young boy in a dental <oov> .	the smiling man is eating the hostess contemplating .	2
a young boy in a dental <oov> .	the aged is eating in the janitor political day	2
a young boy in a dental <oov> .	the dark-skinned man is eating the shop .	2
a young boy in a dental <oov> .	the table boy is eating the polished toothbrush .	2
a young boy in a dental <oov> .	the smiling man is eating the raw meat .	2
a young boy in a dental <oov> .	the oriental table is eating the winning hit .	2
a young boy in a dental <oov> .	an older boy is eating the giraffe .	2
a young boy in a dental <oov> .	the young person is running by the alley .	2
a young boy in a dental <oov> .	the turkers is boy standing by the student .	2
a young boy in a dental <oov> .	the smiling man is eating the handmade decorations .	2
a young boy in a dental <oov> .	the smiling man is eating the winning pillow .	2
a young boy in a dental <oov> .	the main is eating light at the hospital .	2
a young boy in a dental <oov> .	an angry boy is in the locked shop	2
a young boy in a dental <oov> .	the dancers is 's kicked the opposite london .	2
a young boy in a dental <oov> .	the smiling man is eating the winning freedom .	2
a young boy in a dental <oov> .	the older boy is eating the boutique .	2
a young boy in a dental <oov> .	the dancers is rain in the deep handgun	2
a young boy in a dental <oov> .	a young boy is getting a beautiful troops .	1
a young boy in a dental <oov> .	a young boy is getting a cut wooded sits	1
a young boy in a dental <oov> .	a young boy is getting a beautiful special	1
a young boy in a dental <oov> .	a young boy is getting a beautiful blood .	1
a young boy in a dental <oov> .	a young boy is getting a shooting history ears	1
a young boy in a dental <oov> .	a young boy is getting a cut quarry .	1
a young boy in a dental <oov> .	a young boy is getting a tiny skiing	1
a young boy in a dental <oov> .	a young boy is finishing a beautiful bet lady	1
a young boy in a dental <oov> .	a young boy is getting a beautiful tree	1
a young boy in a dental <oov> .	a young boy is getting a mad surfing .	1
a young boy in a dental <oov> .	a young boy is getting a shooting photo .	1
a young boy in a dental <oov> .	a young boy is snapping a beautiful career .	1
a young boy in a dental <oov> .	a young boy is getting a shooting coin .	1
a young boy in a dental <oov> .	a young boy is demolishing a beautiful curtain .	1
a young boy in a dental <oov> .	a young boy is getting a beautiful cultural .	1
a young boy in a dental <oov> .	a young boy is getting a shooting tickets .	1
a young boy in a dental <oov> .	a young boy is getting a special ring flow	1
a young boy in a dental <oov> .	a young boy is getting a cut disaster .	1
a young boy in a dental <oov> .	a young boy is getting a shooting else	1
a young boy in a dental <oov> .	a young boy is getting a beautiful hawaiian lady	1
a young boy in a dental <oov> .	a young boy is getting a cut stance .	1
a young boy in a dental <oov> .	a young boy is getting a beautiful trunk .	1
a young boy in a dental <oov> .	a young boy is getting a cut playfully .	1
a young boy in a dental <oov> .	a young boy is getting a mans head .	1
a young boy in a dental <oov> .	a young boy is getting a shooting shells .	1
a young boy in a dental <oov> .	a young boy is getting a shooting teh costume	1
a young boy in a dental <oov> .	a young boy is getting a homeless hanks .	1
a young boy in a dental <oov> .	a young boy is getting a shooting from rundown	1
a young boy in a dental <oov> .	a young boy is getting a magazine mini-golf .	1
a group of people are outside working .	people are busy .	0
a group of people are outside working .	people are busy .	0
a group of people are outside working .	people are busy .	0
a group of people are outside working .	people are busy .	0
a group of people are outside working .	people are busy .	0
a group of people are outside working .	people are busy .	0
a group of people are outside working .	people are busy .	0
a group of people are outside working .	people are busy .	0
a group of people are outside working .	people are busy .	0
a group of people are outside working .	people are busy .	0
a group of people are outside working .	people are busy .	0
a group of people are outside working .	people are busy .	0
a group of people are outside working .	people are busy .	0
a group of people are outside working .	people are busy .	0
a group of people are outside working .	people are busy .	0
a group of people are outside working .	people are busy .	0
a group of people are outside working .	people are busy .	0
a group of people are outside working .	people are busy .	0
a group of people are outside working .	people are busy .	0
a group of people are outside working .	people are busy .	0
a group of people are outside working .	people are busy .	0
a group of people are outside working .	people are busy .	0
a group of people are outside working .	people are busy .	0
a group of people are outside working .	people are busy .	0
a group of people are outside working .	people are busy .	0
a group of people are outside working .	people are busy .	0
a group of people are outside working .	people are busy .	0
a group of people are outside working .	people are busy .	0
a group of people are outside working .	people are busy .	0
a group of people are outside working .	people are busy .	0
a group of people are outside working .	people are busy .	0
a group of people are outside working .	people are busy .	0
a group of people are outside working .	people are busy .	0
a group of people are outside working .	people are busy .	0
a group of people are outside working .	people are busy .	0
a group of people are outside working .	people are busy .	0
a group of people are outside working .	people are busy .	0
a group of people are outside working .	people are busy .	0
a group of people are outside working .	people are busy .	0
a group of people are outside working .	people are busy .	0
a group of people are outside working .	construction workers are building something .	1
a group of people are outside working .	construction workers are building something .	1
a group of people are outside working .	construction workers are building something .	1
a group of people are outside working .	construction person are building sushi .	1
a group of people are outside working .	construction women are building something .	1
a group of people are outside working .	construction workers are building something .	1
a group of people are outside working .	construction workers are building something .	1
a group of people are outside working .	construction workers are building something .	1
a group of people are outside working .	construction woman straining up passengers .	1
a group of people are outside working .	construction workers are building something .	1
a group of people are outside working .	construction workers are building something .	1
a group of people are outside working .	construction workers are building something .	1
a group of people are outside working .	construction workers are building steaks .	1
a group of people are outside working .	construction workers are building something . with	1
a group of people are outside working .	a group of children are juggling outside .	2
a group of people are outside working .	a group of children are protesting outside .	2
a group of people are outside working .	a group of children are protesting outside .	2
a group of people are outside working .	a group of children are juggling outside .	2
a group of people are outside working .	a group of children are juggling outside .	2
a group of people are outside working .	a group of children are protesting outside .	2
a group of people are outside working .	a group of children are protesting outside .	2
a group of people are outside working .	a group of children are rebuilding outside .	2
a group of people are outside working .	a group of children are hip outside .	2
a group of people are outside working .	a group of children are protesting outside .	2
a group of people are outside working .	a group of children are juggling outside .	2
a group of people are outside working .	a group of children are juggling outside .	2
a group of people are outside working .	a group of children are protesting outside .	2
a group of people are outside working .	a group of children are heating outside .	2
a group of people are outside working .	a group of children are protesting outside .	2
a group of people are outside working .	a group of children are ignoring outside .	2
a group of people are outside working .	a group of children are protesting outside .	2
a group of people are outside working .	a group of children are protesting outside .	2
a group of people are outside working .	a group of children are protesting outside .	2
a group of people are outside working .	a group of children are protesting outside .	2
a group of people are outside working .	a group of children are pumpkins outside .	2
a group of people are outside working .	a group of children are protesting outside .	2
a group of people are outside working .	a group of children are assisting outside .	2
a group of people are outside working .	a group of children are protesting outside .	2
a group of people are outside working .	a group of children are protesting outside .	2
a group of people are outside working .	a group of children are messy outside .	2
a group of people are outside working .	a group of children are overweight outside .	2
a group of people are outside working .	a group of children are magicians outside .	2
a group of people are outside working .	a group of children are juggling outside .	2
a group of people are outside working .	a group of children are juggling outside .	2
a dog jumps over a pile of wood .	a dog can jump .	0
a dog jumps over a pile of wood .	a dog can smell .	0
a dog jumps over a pile of wood .	a dog walking silly .	0
a dog jumps over a pile of wood .	a hula <oov> cattle .	0
a dog jumps over a pile of wood .	a ventriloquist can smell .	0
a dog jumps over a pile of wood .	a dog can jump .	0
a dog jumps over a pile of wood .	a dog walking great .	0
a dog jumps over a pile of wood .	a dog trotting to .	0
a dog jumps over a pile of wood .	a dog can smell . children	0
a dog jumps over a pile of wood .	a dog walking phones .	0
a dog jumps over a pile of wood .	a labrador texts jewelry .	0
a dog jumps over a pile of wood .	a dog walking great .	0
a dog jumps over a pile of wood .	a dog can jump .	0
a dog jumps over a pile of wood .	a dog can smell .	0
a dog jumps over a pile of wood .	a dish can smell .	0
a dog jumps over a pile of wood .	a labrador practices crafts . an	0
a dog jumps over a pile of wood .	a dog walking silly .	0
a young man standing outside a laundromat .	a woman is at the laundromat denim .	2
a young man standing outside a laundromat .	a woman is at the laundromat .	2
a young man standing outside a laundromat .	a woman is at the laundromat homecoming .	2
a young man standing outside a laundromat .	a woman is at the laundromat establishment .	2
a young man standing outside a laundromat .	a woman is at the laundromat suit .	2
a young man standing outside a laundromat .	the woman is at the laundromat chemicals .	2
a young man standing outside a laundromat .	a woman is at the laundromat .	2
a young man standing outside a laundromat .	the woman is at the laundromat bracelet .	2
a young man standing outside a laundromat .	a woman is at the laundromat .	2
a young man standing outside a laundromat .	a woman is at the laundromat console .	2
a young man standing outside a laundromat .	a woman is at the laundromat contemplating .	2
a young man standing outside a laundromat .	a woman is at the laundromat denim .	2
a young man standing outside a laundromat .	a woman is at the laundromat store .	2
a young man standing outside a laundromat .	a man is standing .	0
a young man standing outside a laundromat .	a man is standing .	0
a young man standing outside a laundromat .	a man is standing .	0
a young man standing outside a laundromat .	a man is standing .	0
a young man standing outside a laundromat .	a man is standing .	0
a young man standing outside a laundromat .	a man is standing .	0
a young man standing outside a laundromat .	a man is standing .	0
a young man standing outside a laundromat .	a man is standing .	0
a young man standing outside a laundromat .	a man is standing .	0
a young man standing outside a laundromat .	a man is standing .	0
a young man standing outside a laundromat .	a man is standing .	0
a young man standing outside a laundromat .	a man is standing .	0
a young man standing outside a laundromat .	a man is standing .	0
a young man standing outside a laundromat .	a man is standing .	0
a young man standing outside a laundromat .	a man is standing .	0
a young man standing outside a laundromat .	a man is standing .	0
a young man standing outside a laundromat .	a man is standing .	0
a young man standing outside a laundromat .	a man is standing .	0
a young man standing outside a laundromat .	a man is standing .	0
a young man standing outside a laundromat .	a man is standing .	0
a young man standing outside a laundromat .	a man is standing .	0
a young man standing outside a laundromat .	a man is standing .	0
a young man standing outside a laundromat .	a man is standing .	0
a young man standing outside a laundromat .	a man is standing .	0
a young man standing outside a laundromat .	a man is standing .	0
a young man standing outside a laundromat .	a man is standing .	0
a young man standing outside a laundromat .	a man is standing .	0
a young man standing outside a laundromat .	a man is standing .	0
a young man standing outside a laundromat .	a man is standing .	0
a young man standing outside a laundromat .	a man is standing .	0
a young man standing outside a laundromat .	a man is standing .	0
a young man standing outside a laundromat .	a man is standing .	0
a young man standing outside a laundromat .	a man is standing .	0
a young man standing outside a laundromat .	a man is standing .	0
a young man standing outside a laundromat .	a man is standing .	0
a young man standing outside a laundromat .	a man is standing .	0
a young man standing outside a laundromat .	a man is standing .	0
a young man standing outside a laundromat .	a man is standing .	0
a young man standing outside a laundromat .	a man is standing .	0
a young man standing outside a laundromat .	a man is standing .	0
a child on a swing .	a kid is busy on the .	0
a child on a swing .	an audience follows on the swing .	0
a child on a swing .	an insect is peeing and photographed .	0
a child on a swing .	a kid is breastfeeding and gathering .	0
a child on a swing .	a kid is addressing and animal .	0
a child on a swing .	a kid is tying and animal .	0
a child on a swing .	a kid is ending and vw .	0
a child on a swing .	a kid is michael and playboy . to	0
a child on a swing .	a kid is wielding up banjos .	0
a child on a swing .	a kid is pin and groom .	0
a child on a swing .	a kid is keeping and giggling .	0
a child on a swing .	a kid is mile and decorated .	0
a child on a swing .	a kid is repainting and scream .	0
a child on a swing .	a kid is installing and stuffed .	0
a child on a swing .	a kid is putting and animal .	0
a child on a swing .	a kid is baggage and indoors .	0
a child on a swing .	a kid is freshly and clap . <oov>	0
a child on a swing .	a kid is arrested and liverpool .	0
a child on a swing .	a kid is tuxedo and focused .	0
a child on a swing .	a kid is cutting and toys . about	0
a child on a swing .	a kid is shucking and swinging . from	0
a man in purple tie is singing .	a man is performing in a case .	1
a man in purple tie is singing .	a man is performing in a doorway .	1
a man in purple tie is singing .	a man is performing in a doorway .	1
a man in purple tie is singing .	a man is performing in a foggy .	1
a man in purple tie is singing .	a man is performing in a doorway .	1
a man in purple tie is singing .	a man is performing in a doorway .	1
a man in purple tie is singing .	a man is performing in a playground .	1
a man in purple tie is singing .	a man is performing in a playground .	1
a man in purple tie is singing .	a man is performing in a doorway .	1
a man in purple tie is singing .	a man is performing in a doorway .	1
a man in purple tie is singing .	a man is performing in a snake jacket .	1
a man in purple tie is singing .	a man is performing in a playground .	1
a man in purple tie is singing .	a man is performing in a concert .	1
a man in purple tie is singing .	a man is performing in a workshop .	1
a man in purple tie is singing .	a man is performing in a separately .	1
a man in purple tie is singing .	a man is performing in a doorway .	1
a man in purple tie is singing .	a man is performing in a doorway .	1
a man in purple tie is singing .	a man is performing in a doorway .	1
a man in purple tie is singing .	a man is performing in a suite .	1
a man in purple tie is singing .	a man is performing in a concert background .	1
a man in purple tie is singing .	a man is performing in a studio .	1
a man in purple tie is singing .	a man is performing in a concert .	1
a man in purple tie is singing .	a man is performing in a playground .	1
a man in purple tie is singing .	a man is performing in a playground .	1
a worker shoveling dirt into a wheelbarrow .	the mobile is a man .	1
a worker shoveling dirt into a wheelbarrow .	the giraffe is a man . is	1
a worker shoveling dirt into a wheelbarrow .	the student is a man . 's	1
a worker shoveling dirt into a wheelbarrow .	the straps is a man . to	1
a worker shoveling dirt into a wheelbarrow .	the hayride is outisde him . to	1
a worker shoveling dirt into a wheelbarrow .	the giraffe is a man . is	1
a worker shoveling dirt into a wheelbarrow .	the giraffe is a man . is	1
a worker shoveling dirt into a wheelbarrow .	the worker is a man . to	1
a worker shoveling dirt into a wheelbarrow .	the worker is a man .	1
a worker shoveling dirt into a wheelbarrow .	the sun is a man . is	1
a worker shoveling dirt into a wheelbarrow .	the giraffe is a man .	1
a worker shoveling dirt into a wheelbarrow .	the child is wearing a . is	1
a worker shoveling dirt into a wheelbarrow .	the giraffe is a man . is	1
a worker shoveling dirt into a wheelbarrow .	the worker is a man .	1
a worker shoveling dirt into a wheelbarrow .	the professor is a man . is	1
a worker shoveling dirt into a wheelbarrow .	the giraffe is a man . to	1
a worker shoveling dirt into a wheelbarrow .	the x is wearing a . is	1
a worker shoveling dirt into a wheelbarrow .	the giraffe is a man . is	1
a worker shoveling dirt into a wheelbarrow .	the giraffe is a man . is	1
a worker shoveling dirt into a wheelbarrow .	the giraffe is a man . people	1
a worker shoveling dirt into a wheelbarrow .	the worker is a man .	1
a worker shoveling dirt into a wheelbarrow .	the officer is a man . is	1
a worker shoveling dirt into a wheelbarrow .	the worker is a bar . is	1
a worker shoveling dirt into a wheelbarrow .	the vehicle is a man . is	1
a worker shoveling dirt into a wheelbarrow .	a worker chopping a footbridge . a	0
a worker shoveling dirt into a wheelbarrow .	a worker uses a rave . a	0
a worker shoveling dirt into a wheelbarrow .	a worker nearly a volcano .	0
a worker shoveling dirt into a wheelbarrow .	a worker hammers a breath .	0
a worker shoveling dirt into a wheelbarrow .	a worker snacking a stuck . is footwear	0
a worker shoveling dirt into a wheelbarrow .	a worker hammers a volcano . dog	0
a worker shoveling dirt into a wheelbarrow .	a worker uses a slipper . a	0
a worker shoveling dirt into a wheelbarrow .	a worker closed a height . a	0
a worker shoveling dirt into a wheelbarrow .	a worker leans take snacks .	0
a worker shoveling dirt into a wheelbarrow .	a curly-haired hunts a flashlight . a	0
a worker shoveling dirt into a wheelbarrow .	a worker hammers a harley-davidson .	0
a worker shoveling dirt into a wheelbarrow .	a worker builds a rave .	0
a worker shoveling dirt into a wheelbarrow .	a worker hammers holder bust .	0
a worker shoveling dirt into a wheelbarrow .	a worker uses a winner . a	0
a worker shoveling dirt into a wheelbarrow .	a worker condoms onstage paparazzi .	0
a worker shoveling dirt into a wheelbarrow .	a worker uses a cupcake . a	0
a worker shoveling dirt into a wheelbarrow .	a worker uses a volcano . a	0
a worker shoveling dirt into a wheelbarrow .	a worker happily directed trampled . a	0
a worker shoveling dirt into a wheelbarrow .	a worker stacks syringe pyramid . a	0
a worker shoveling dirt into a wheelbarrow .	a worker wrestles piloting pizzas . a	0
a worker shoveling dirt into a wheelbarrow .	a worker smokes a ravine . people	0
a worker shoveling dirt into a wheelbarrow .	a worker hawaiian ham trivial . a	0
a worker shoveling dirt into a wheelbarrow .	a worker tugs a pattern . a	0
a worker shoveling dirt into a wheelbarrow .	a worker marking a prize . .	0
a worker shoveling dirt into a wheelbarrow .	a worker expert trash signs . <oov> truck	0
a worker shoveling dirt into a wheelbarrow .	a worker uses a shovel . a	0
a worker shoveling dirt into a wheelbarrow .	a worker uses a cupcake . a	0
a worker shoveling dirt into a wheelbarrow .	a worker stacks marks over .	0
a worker shoveling dirt into a wheelbarrow .	a worker tandem a cute .	0
a worker shoveling dirt into a wheelbarrow .	a worker caused be midday . a	0
a worker shoveling dirt into a wheelbarrow .	a worker waterskies a tshirt . rowing	0
a worker shoveling dirt into a wheelbarrow .	a worker stripping a shovel . to	0
a worker shoveling dirt into a wheelbarrow .	a tan kobe breasts free .	0
a worker shoveling dirt into a wheelbarrow .	a worker studies a volcano .	0
a worker shoveling dirt into a wheelbarrow .	a worker uses a shovel . cheer in	0
a worker shoveling dirt into a wheelbarrow .	a worker winning a volcano . <oov>	0
a worker shoveling dirt into a wheelbarrow .	a worker hammers a smart .	0
a worker shoveling dirt into a wheelbarrow .	a worker brightly colored balloons . a	0
girls giving a presentation for a school class .	the adults are inside riding a school .	0
girls giving a presentation for a school class .	the girls are inside to a cross .	0
girls giving a presentation for a school class .	the adults are inside a school .	0
girls giving a presentation for a school class .	the adults are inside a school .	0
girls giving a presentation for a school class .	the girls are inside a school .	0
girls giving a presentation for a school class .	the girls are inside to a cross .	0
girls giving a presentation for a school class .	the adults are inside riding a school .	0
girls giving a presentation for a school class .	the adults are inside a school .	0
girls giving a presentation for a school class .	the adults are inside a school .	0
girls giving a presentation for a school class .	the adults are inside a school .	0
girls giving a presentation for a school class .	the girls are inside to a bull .	0
girls giving a presentation for a school class .	the woman talks to a open screen .	0
girls giving a presentation for a school class .	the woman shows new a sail .	0
girls giving a presentation for a school class .	the adults are inside a school .	0
girls giving a presentation for a school class .	the adults are inside a school .	0
girls giving a presentation for a school class .	the girls are inside a school .	0
girls giving a presentation for a school class .	the girls are inside a school .	0
girls giving a presentation for a school class .	the adults are inside a school .	0
girls giving a presentation for a school class .	the girls are inside a school .	0
a choir of youths are singing .	children are practing in circles ground	2
a choir of youths are singing .	the children are folding their mom	2
a choir of youths are singing .	the children are paved at home	2
a choir of youths are singing .	the children are made county by cheer .	2
a choir of youths are singing .	the children are gathered picnic home	2
a choir of youths are singing .	the children are constructing at home .	2
a choir of youths are singing .	the children are under doorstep home	2
a choir of youths are singing .	the children are becoming their home	2
a choir of youths are singing .	the children are beginning their bodies	2
a choir of youths are singing .	the children are made ground by	2
a choir of youths are singing .	children are childrens bikes at home	2
a choir of youths are singing .	the children are relatively at home	2
a choir of youths are singing .	the children are umbrellas away home	2
a choir of youths are singing .	the children are tumbling their opposite	2
a choir of youths are singing .	a dancing of guys are their cups	0
a choir of youths are singing .	a young blonde women gets their farmers	0
a choir of youths are singing .	a choir of large ton and trainer .	0
a choir of youths are singing .	a blonde of kids play sunday their eyes	0
a choir of youths are singing .	a employee of kids are hiding their rooms	0
a choir of youths are singing .	a trampoline of play instruments process punches	0
a choir of youths are singing .	a bright of men high-five their legs	0
a choir of youths are singing .	a dead of kids balloon worms	0
a choir of youths are singing .	a choir of kids smells their strollers	0
a choir of youths are singing .	a trampoline of his first day	0
a choir of youths are singing .	a professional of women keeps their structures	0
a choir of youths are singing .	a young people have their fists	0
a choir of youths are singing .	a dog carries first fireworks and wet	0
a choir of youths are singing .	a tennis of baseball dogs sniffing	0
a choir of youths are singing .	a choir of kids love their jenga	0
a choir of youths are singing .	a young people have their heritage	0
a choir of youths are singing .	a choir of kids mingle are stopping	0
a choir of youths are singing .	a choir of kids dollar their plans	0
a choir of youths are singing .	a choir of kids love their slippers	0
a choir of youths are singing .	a tennis player play amid their things	0
a choir of youths are singing .	a green of kids backflips ate girls	0
a choir of youths are singing .	a tennis of big play tissue twenty	0
a choir of youths are singing .	a choir of kids love their backs	0
a choir of youths are singing .	a blonde of large squad are sparring	0
a choir of youths are singing .	a green cat have their collect barista	0
a choir of youths are singing .	a choir of kids love their taxes	0
a choir of youths are singing .	a professional of women climb their punch	0
a choir of youths are singing .	a tennis of guys bought their mosaic	0
a choir of youths are singing .	young men of town looks their motorcycles	0
a choir of youths are singing .	a choir of kids posed in vendors .	0
a choir of youths are singing .	they are digging in a hole	1
a choir of youths are singing .	they are digging in a sleigh	1
a choir of youths are singing .	they are digging in a tube	1
a choir of youths are singing .	they are digging in a tournament	1
a choir of youths are singing .	they are digging in a red	1
a choir of youths are singing .	they are digging in a competitive	1
a choir of youths are singing .	they are australian in a cathedral	1
a choir of youths are singing .	they are digging in a hole	1
a choir of youths are singing .	they are under a statue of	1
a choir of youths are singing .	they are digging in a hole	1
a choir of youths are singing .	they are digging in a zip-line	1
a choir of youths are singing .	they are digging in a fancy	1
a choir of youths are singing .	they are frolic in a balcony	1
a choir of youths are singing .	they are under a statue of	1
a choir of youths are singing .	they are digging in a fancy	1
a choir of youths are singing .	they are digging in a hole	1
a choir of youths are singing .	they are digging in a tournament	1
a choir of youths are singing .	they are sisters in a church	1
a choir of youths are singing .	they are digging in a hole	1
a choir of youths are singing .	they are digging in a tube	1
a choir of youths are singing .	they are under a statue of	1
a choir of youths are singing .	they are digging in a hurricane	1
a choir of youths are singing .	they are under a statue of	1
a choir of youths are singing .	they are digging in a hole	1
a choir of youths are singing .	they are frolic in a red	1
a choir of youths are singing .	they are rocking in a hole	1
a choir of youths are singing .	they are sold in a mural	1
a choir of youths are singing .	they are digging in a bed	1
a choir of youths are singing .	they are preparing in a lawn	1
a choir of youths are singing .	they are sausage in a baloon	1
a choir of youths are singing .	they are digging in a hole	1
the person is reading a book .	a frog loves their surroundings sides .	1
the person is reading a book .	a disabled animal is pulling the stove .	1
the person is reading a book .	a boxer is engaged his bath .	1
the person is reading a book .	a celebrity shows reached the foot .	1
the person is reading a book .	a celebrity starts their surroundings dry . people	1
the person is reading a book .	a hawk is impressed their rice .	1
the person is reading a book .	a roller is flexing their daughters .	1
the person is reading a book .	a pianist on the bucking glory .	1
the person is reading a book .	a parent is fetching his dry . to	1
the person is reading a book .	a racehorse is fetching the foot .	1
the person is reading a book .	a news is rather their daughters .	1
the person is reading a book .	a cycling is which his hiding .	1
the person is reading a book .	a dog is watching by there game .	2
the person is reading a book .	a man listens to an igloo boat .	2
the person is reading a book .	a dog is going to chew racing .	2
the person is reading a book .	a man is already at an igloo .	2
the person is reading a book .	a dog is outdoors to racing sleeping .	2
the person is reading a book .	a dog is outdoors to be seen .	2
the person is reading a book .	a dog is acting by a table .	2
the person is reading a book .	a dog is going to martial race .	2
the person is reading a book .	a man is acting by an apron .	2
the person is reading a book .	a dog is outdoors to be n't .	2
the person is reading a book .	a man listens to an animal book . upwards	2
the person is reading a book .	a dog is outdoors to be sleeping .	2
the person is reading a book .	a man is reading an book , .	2
the person is reading a book .	a dog is acting by a bullet .	2
the person is reading a book .	a dog is going to martial tv .	2
the person is reading a book .	a man is scooping to be seen .	2
the person is reading a book .	a dog is outdoors , tickling race .	2
the person is reading a book .	a dog is to small an event .	2
the person is reading a book .	a dog is outdoors to be sleeping .	2
the person is reading a book .	a man is outdoors , switzerland book .	2
the person is reading a book .	a dog is acting by playing bongo .	2
the person is reading a book .	a dog is watching an ad race .	2
the person is reading a book .	a man is going to an office .	2
the person is reading a book .	a dog is reading an auction book .	2
the person is reading a book .	a man is reading an african-american book .	2
the person is reading a book .	a man is shredding to be smiling .	2
the person is reading a book .	a dog is to small an audio .	2
the person is reading a book .	a dog is reading to an book .	2
the person is reading a book .	a dog is to small an biscuit .	2
the person is reading a book .	a dog is outdoors by playing raging .	2
the person is reading a book .	a dog is going to martial race .	2
the person is reading a book .	a dog is outdoors , tending .	2
the person is reading a book .	a dog is to crowd an office .	2
the person is reading a book .	a dog is to small an igloo .	2
the person is reading a book .	a man listens to an eatery race .	2
the person is reading a book .	a dog is outdoors to be seen .	2
the person is reading a book .	a dog is outdoors to be seen .	2
the person is reading a book .	a dog is biting to an office .	2
the person is reading a book .	a man is acting to be bake .	2
the person is reading a book .	the man is well .	0
the person is reading a book .	a wrestler is reads .	0
the person is reading a book .	the man is volunteering .	0
the person is reading a book .	the man is well .	0
the person is reading a book .	a person is plotting .	0
the person is reading a book .	the man is miserable .	0
the person is reading a book .	a boy is multi-colored .	0
the person is reading a book .	the skiier is volunteering .	0
the person is reading a book .	a person is cooling .	0
the person is reading a book .	the piano is bathes . .	0
the person is reading a book .	the barista is newspaper . a	0
the person is reading a book .	the tree is newspaper .	0
the person is reading a book .	the animals is well .	0
the person is reading a book .	the man is newspaper .	0
the person is reading a book .	the cat is newspaper .	0
the person is reading a book .	the person is newspaper .	0
the person is reading a book .	the carnival is volunteering .	0
the person is reading a book .	a glow is furiously .	0
the person is reading a book .	a carnival is cooling .	0
the person is reading a book .	a carnival is well .	0
the person is reading a book .	the man is cooling .	0
the person is reading a book .	a person is rockclimbing .	0
the person is reading a book .	a person is miserable .	0
the person is reading a book .	a person is zombie .	0
the person is reading a book .	a person reads .	0
the person is reading a book .	a person is carpet .	0
the person is reading a book .	the suburban shows .	0
the person is reading a book .	the tree is unsupervised .	0
the person is reading a book .	a parachuter is volunteering .	0
the person is reading a book .	a person is annoyed .	0
woman wearing an orange scarf holding a cellphone .	a woman is holding a cellphone .	0
woman wearing an orange scarf holding a cellphone .	a group is holding a backpack .	0
woman wearing an orange scarf holding a cellphone .	a woman is holding a cellphone .	0
woman wearing an orange scarf holding a cellphone .	a woman is kidnapping her daughter .	1
woman wearing an orange scarf holding a cellphone .	a woman is 6 her squeezing .	1
woman wearing an orange scarf holding a cellphone .	a woman is calling her daughter .	1
woman wearing an orange scarf holding a cellphone .	a woman is calling her rounds .	1
woman wearing an orange scarf holding a cellphone .	a woman is calling her hops .	1
woman wearing an orange scarf holding a cellphone .	a woman is shy her daughter .	1
woman wearing an orange scarf holding a cellphone .	a woman is calling her daughter .	1
woman wearing an orange scarf holding a cellphone .	a family is calling her daughter .	1
woman wearing an orange scarf holding a cellphone .	a woman is teasing her daughter .	1
woman wearing an orange scarf holding a cellphone .	a woman is spreading her daughter .	1
woman wearing an orange scarf holding a cellphone .	a woman is calling a walking .	1
woman wearing an orange scarf holding a cellphone .	a woman is calling her daughter . for	1
woman wearing an orange scarf holding a cellphone .	a woman is mounted her daughter .	1
woman wearing an orange scarf holding a cellphone .	a woman is starring her daughter .	1
two girls in bathing suits are in water .	two swedish drinking soda in a pool .	1
two girls in bathing suits are in water .	two ballerina stitching rubble at a male vocalist .	1
two girls in bathing suits are in water .	two stretch were talking in the shade	1
two girls in bathing suits are in water .	two clowns were kayaking in the of pool	1
two girls in bathing suits are in water .	two mothers howls at a male in rings .	1
two girls in bathing suits are in water .	two professors were sipping for some in sleeping	1
two girls in bathing suits are in water .	two drunks were talking in the of abortion .	1
two girls in bathing suits are in water .	two players excitedly at a <oov> camera	1
two girls in bathing suits are in water .	two businessmen were posing in the sink pool .	1
two girls in bathing suits are in water .	two overweight were camping in a classroom	1
women are working and digging in a field .	they are sitting on a grassy field .	2
women are working and digging in a field .	they are sitting on a grassy field .	2
women are working and digging in a field .	a man hikes on a grassy field .	2
women are working and digging in a field .	what are laying on a grassy field .	2
women are working and digging in a field .	a women are on a grassy field .	2
women are working and digging in a field .	they are sitting on a grassy hill .	2
women are working and digging in a field .	they are sitting on a grassy line .	2
women are working and digging in a field .	they are sitting on a grassy hill .	2
women are working and digging in a field .	they are sitting on a grassy field .	2
women are working and digging in a field .	they are sitting on a grassy field .	2
women are working and digging in a field .	they are sitting on a grassy field .	2
women are working and digging in a field .	they are laying on a grassy hill .	2
women are working and digging in a field .	they are sitting on a grassy line .	2
women are working and digging in a field .	they are sitting on a grassy field .	2
women are working and digging in a field .	they are sitting on a grassy range .	2
women are working and digging in a field .	they are sitting on a grassy field .	2
women are working and digging in a field .	they are sitting on a grassy range .	2
women are working and digging in a field .	they are sitting on a grassy field .	2
women are working and digging in a field .	they are sitting on a grassy mission .	2
women are working and digging in a field .	they are sitting on a grassy track .	2
women are working and digging in a field .	a women are on a grassy field .	2
women are working and digging in a field .	they are sitting on a grassy line .	2
women are working and digging in a field .	they are sitting on a grassy field .	2
women are working and digging in a field .	they are sitting on a grassy field .	2
women are working and digging in a field .	they are sitting on a grassy field .	2
women are working and digging in a field .	they are sitting on a grassy field . .	2
women are working and digging in a field .	a women are on a grassy field .	2
women are working and digging in a field .	a women are on a grassy field .	2
women are working and digging in a field .	they are sitting on a grassy house .	2
women are working and digging in a field .	they have chest .	0
women are working and digging in a field .	they have raced .	0
women are working and digging in a field .	they have <oov> .	0
women are working and digging in a field .	they have <oov> .	0
women are working and digging in a field .	city women are participants .	0
women are working and digging in a field .	they have folding .	0
women are working and digging in a field .	they have gone .	0
women are working and digging in a field .	they have <oov> .	0
women are working and digging in a field .	they have their homes . a	0
women are working and digging in a field .	they are frolic .	0
women are working and digging in a field .	they have <oov> .	0
women are working and digging in a field .	they have <oov> .	0
women are working and digging in a field .	they have admires .	0
women are working and digging in a field .	women taking a summit .	0
women are working and digging in a field .	they have <oov> .	0
women are working and digging in a field .	men digging have .	0
women are working and digging in a field .	they have gone .	0
women are working and digging in a field .	they have <oov> .	0
women are working and digging in a field .	men digging kids .	0
women are working and digging in a field .	they have <oov> .	0
women are working and digging in a field .	they have <oov> .	0
women are working and digging in a field .	they have <oov> .	0
women are working and digging in a field .	they have <oov> .	0
women are working and digging in a field .	women doing crafts .	0
women are working and digging in a field .	customers men digging .	0
women are working and digging in a field .	denver men digging .	0
women are working and digging in a field .	they have <oov> style .	0
women are working and digging in a field .	they have cds .	0
women are working and digging in a field .	they have <oov> .	0
women are working and digging in a field .	customers are digging .	0
women are working and digging in a field .	they have <oov> .	0
women are working and digging in a field .	they have their laptops . shirt lagoon	0
women are working and digging in a field .	they have <oov> .	0
women are working and digging in a field .	peoples have snaps .	0
women are working and digging in a field .	they have <oov> .	0
women are working and digging in a field .	they have <oov> .	0
women are working and digging in a field .	they have admires .	0
politician john mccain on a talk show .	name a shopping is gray ?	1
politician john mccain on a talk show .	restaurant is about its parts bouncer .	1
politician john mccain on a talk show .	name is laying shrub animal normal .	1
politician john mccain on a talk show .	name is seated about history photo ?	1
politician john mccain on a talk show .	name at a bat war somebody .	1
politician john mccain on a talk show .	here it is dark photo taken .	1
politician john mccain on a talk show .	brothers usa about morning birmingham sit .	1
politician john mccain on a talk show .	a festival is talking about dying .	1
politician john mccain on a talk show .	brothers is august about politics together .	1
politician john mccain on a talk show .	brothers is looking about politics crabs .	1
politician john mccain on a talk show .	name at is about politics walkers .	1
three people are outside .	three people gather to be . the	1
three people are outside .	three people gather to cross .	1
three people are outside .	three people the potatoes arrow . to a	1
three people are outside .	three people greet the roads outdoors .	1
three people are outside .	three people gather to enter . for the	1
three people are outside .	three people gather to bars . a	1
three people are outside .	three people gather to be outdoors .	1
three people are outside .	three people gather to be . the	1
three people are outside .	three people gather to downtown . to	1
three people are outside .	three people gather to slide . to	1
three people are outside .	three people gather to vests . to a	1
three people are outside .	three people gather to be . to	1
three people are outside .	three people greet the mascot .	1
three people are outside .	three people gather to be . the	1
three people are outside .	three people gather to be . the	1
three people are outside .	three people outside a crowded . people	1
three people are outside .	three people by a photographers . the	1
three people are outside .	three people gather to be . to	1
three people are outside .	three people ride the donuts .	1
three people are outside .	three people gather to be . 's football	1
three people are outside .	three people use the playground .	1
three people are outside .	three people gather to foosball . a	1
three people are outside .	the three is on jelly .	0
three people are outside .	the ten nature is .	0
three people are outside .	the three boy in tutus .	0
three people are outside .	the three on nature . .	0
three people are outside .	the three on laptops . is	0
three people are outside .	the ten shows hats .	0
three people are outside .	the town is nature .	0
three people are outside .	the toy in chip . is footwear	0
three people are outside .	the three is nature .	0
three people are outside .	the ten is nature .	0
three people are outside .	the three is on waffles .	0
three people are outside .	the ten antarctica blading .	0
three people are outside .	the ten cinderella on . to	0
three people are outside .	the ten is nature .	0
three people are outside .	the ten grandchild hammer .	0
three people are outside .	the three on plant .	0
three people are outside .	the three on display .	0
three people are outside .	the ten size in swimsuit . people	0
three people are outside .	the ten damage balls .	0
three people are outside .	the ten on fire .	0
three people are outside .	the three in zombie .	0
three people are outside .	the three on sofas . a	0
three people are outside .	the three on lake . is	0
three people are outside .	the ten is nature .	0
three people are outside .	the ten is boating .	0
three people are outside .	the three on nature . .	0
three people are outside .	the three on fire . .	0
three people are outside .	the ten on fire .	0
three people are outside .	the three on fire . .	0
three people are outside .	the lacrosse in france . people	0
three people are outside .	the ten is nature .	0
three people are outside .	the ten head procedures .	0
three people are outside .	the three on team . about the	0
three people are outside .	the ten is nature .	0
three people are outside .	the ten is nature .	0
three people are outside .	the tired in neatly . is	0
three people are outside .	the ten nature on .	0
three people are outside .	the ten paddy on display .	0
uniformed group walks down a street .	a group of mountainous riders crossing the water .	1
uniformed group walks down a street .	a group of riders race the street .	1
uniformed group walks down a street .	a group of light noticed the street .	1
uniformed group walks down a street .	a group of craft $ the hunger buses	1
uniformed group walks down a street .	a group of japan race in the igloo .	1
uniformed group walks down a street .	a group of flies race the fastest .	1
uniformed group walks down a street .	a group of youths pull the road .	1
uniformed group walks down a street .	a group of swans underneath the goose .	1
uniformed group walks down a street .	a group of japan graduating the walls .	1
uniformed group walks down a street .	a group of largest underneath the street .	1
uniformed group walks down a street .	a group of youths met the road .	1
uniformed group walks down a street .	a group of washington nixon the sliding .	1
uniformed group walks down a street .	a group of cows quietly in the park	1
uniformed group walks down a street .	a group of light holds the street .	1
uniformed group walks down a street .	a group of youths cross the street .	1
uniformed group walks down a street .	a group of light rail the cows .	1
uniformed group walks down a street .	a group of riders emerges the joint .	1
uniformed group walks down a street .	a group of youths cross the country .	1
uniformed group walks down a street .	a group of light farming the owner .	1
uniformed group walks down a street .	a group of light white the walls .	1
uniformed group walks down a street .	a group of light white the barrel .	1
uniformed group walks down a street .	a group of canines children in the event	1
uniformed group walks down a street .	a group of light rail the road .	1
uniformed group walks down a street .	a group of mascot pushes the fastest .	1
uniformed group walks down a street .	a group of protesters engaged in road .	1
uniformed group walks down a street .	a group of light rail the road .	1
uniformed group walks down a street .	a group of light bike in road .	1
uniformed group walks down a street .	a group of lions race in the restaurant .	1
uniformed group walks down a street .	a group of canines shaded the transportation .	1
uniformed group walks down a street .	a group of riders race the olympics .	1
uniformed group walks down a street .	a group of race ladies in the ground .	1
uniformed group walks down a street .	a group of light slept in the light	1
uniformed group walks down a street .	a group of riders warming the road .	1
uniformed group walks down a street .	a group of canada underneath the street .	1
uniformed group walks down a street .	a group of light dresses the tulips .	1
uniformed group walks down a street .	a group of people share a raft .	2
uniformed group walks down a street .	a group of people are grouped together .	2
uniformed group walks down a street .	a group of people watch a movie .	2
uniformed group walks down a street .	a woman has a front of noodles .	2
uniformed group walks down a street .	a group woman around a night movie .	2
uniformed group walks down a street .	a group woman around a pasta day .	2
uniformed group walks down a street .	a group of people watch a movie .	2
uniformed group walks down a street .	a woman has a front of electronics .	2
uniformed group walks down a street .	a woman has a front of chair .	2
uniformed group walks down a street .	a group of people watch a movie .	2
uniformed group walks down a street .	a woman has a object for steak .	2
uniformed group walks down a street .	a group of people share a disagreement .	2
uniformed group walks down a street .	a group of people watch a movie .	2
uniformed group walks down a street .	a group of people a pirate view .	2
uniformed group walks down a street .	a group woman around a backpacker movie .	2
uniformed group walks down a street .	a group of the people take laugh .	2
uniformed group walks down a street .	a group of people fighting a view .	2
uniformed group walks down a street .	a group woman around a casino movie .	2
uniformed group walks down a street .	a group of folks are throwing apples .	2
uniformed group walks down a street .	a group of people walk down the street .	0
uniformed group walks down a street .	a group of people walk down the street .	0
uniformed group walks down a street .	a group of people act their canada down .	0
uniformed group walks down a street .	a group of people walk down the street	0
uniformed group walks down a street .	a group of people walk down the street .	0
uniformed group walks down a street .	a group of people walk down the street .	0
uniformed group walks down a street .	a group of people keeping their beer turkey together	0
uniformed group walks down a street .	a group of people thrower their beer little .	0
uniformed group walks down a street .	a group of people drive their quietly shout .	0
uniformed group walks down a street .	a group of people assemble down the street	0
uniformed group walks down a street .	a group of people mopping their fumes tall followed	0
uniformed group walks down a street .	a group of people walk down the street .	0
uniformed group walks down a street .	a group of people exchanging their bike race .	0
the man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .	the man is walking his dog .	2
the man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .	the man is his feet to .	2
the man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .	the man is his self dog .	2
the man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .	the man is his labrador aunt .	2
the man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .	the man is walking his dog .	2
the man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .	the man is wearing his green shirt .	2
the man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .	the man is wearing his dog .	2
the man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .	the man is walking his dog .	2
the man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .	the man is his daughter tide .	2
the man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .	the man is wearing his shirt .	2
the man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .	the man is wearing his dog .	2
the man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .	the man is eating his dog .	2
the man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .	the man is eating his dog .	2
the man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .	the man is wearing his dog . to	2
the man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .	the man is wearing his dog .	2
the man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .	the man is wearing his dog . to	2
the man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .	the man is his feet not .	2
the man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .	the man is his walking dog .	2
the man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .	the man is wearing his read .	2
the man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .	the man is his daughter green .	2
the man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .	the man is his daughter confident .	2
the man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .	the man is his daughter vicious .	2
the man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .	the man is wearing his novel .	2
the man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .	the man is walking his dog .	2
the man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .	the man is wearing his shirt .	2
the man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .	the man is his aunt bicycle .	2
the man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .	the man is wearing his turquoise .	2
the man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .	the man is wearing his nicely .	2
the man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .	the man is walking his dog .	2
the man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .	the man is his victory choir .	2
the man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .	the man is wearing his glasses .	2
the man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .	the man is wearing his dog .	2
the man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .	the man is walking his dog .	2
the man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .	the man is his feet not .	2
the man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .	the man is wearing his dog .	2
the man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .	the man is entertaining his dog .	2
the man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .	a man is grilling . .	0
the man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .	a man is grilling . .	0
the man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .	a man is grilling . .	0
the man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .	the man is making hot and big .	1
the man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .	the man is tired all under the earth	1
the man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .	the man is gently while is tubing .	1
the man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .	the man is spraying making hot and dogs .	1
the man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .	the man is microphone kids just catch .	1
the man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .	the man is swimming is dinning and adults .	1
the man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .	the man is amid kids on the shirt .	1
the man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .	the man is having giant on the shirt .	1
the man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .	the man is snorkeling kids and mexico .	1
the man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .	the man is sitting below on the sidewalk .	1
the man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .	the man is cheerleading under and pink .	1
the man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .	the man is swimming is on the grass .	1
the man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .	the man is deciding kids 's and backpack .	1
the man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .	a person is becoming on the grass .	1
the man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .	the man is cheerleading while snowboarding and gossip .	1
the man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .	the man is cheerleading under and pink .	1
the man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .	the man is spraying immigration with totally on .	1
the man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .	the man is deciding sweep on the grass .	1
the man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .	the man is digging beside his set .	1
the man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .	the man is cheerleading under and pink .	1
the man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .	the man is cheerleading when and dogs .	1
the man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .	the man is knitted kids is browsing .	1
the man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .	the man is camping on the computers .	1
the man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .	the man is spent criminals under the moon	1
the man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .	the man is swimming glasses on the man .	1
the man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .	the man is grouped lying and skateboard .	1
the man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .	the man is too tired under the camera .	1
the man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .	the man is cheerleading under and pink .	1
the man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .	the man is dragging kids 's suit .	1
the man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .	the man is hunched on the warm street .	1
the man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .	the man is cheerleading under and pink .	1
the man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .	the man is cheerleading under and pink .	1
the man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .	the man is digging extremely while touching .	1
the man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .	the man is swimming to adults on someone	1
the man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .	the man is dreaming stationary and backpack .	1
the man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .	the man is tired all on the sidewalk .	1
the man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .	the man is spraying skates is filled .	1
two girls holding bags walking down the sidewalk .	two females are holding some crafts .	0
two girls holding bags walking down the sidewalk .	two females are holding some objects .	0
two girls holding bags walking down the sidewalk .	two females holding flags even walking .	0
two girls holding bags walking down the sidewalk .	two females are holding some objects .	0
two girls holding bags walking down the sidewalk .	two females are holding some meat .	0
two girls holding bags walking down the sidewalk .	two females are holding some objects .	0
two girls holding bags walking down the sidewalk .	two females are holding some crafts .	0
two girls holding bags walking down the sidewalk .	two females are holding around fishing .	0
two girls holding bags walking down the sidewalk .	two females are holding some crafts . .	0
two girls holding bags walking down the sidewalk .	two females are holding some meat .	0
two girls holding bags walking down the sidewalk .	two females are holding some objects .	0
two girls holding bags walking down the sidewalk .	a women 's mountain game .	2
two girls holding bags walking down the sidewalk .	a women stares among giraffes .	2
two girls holding bags walking down the sidewalk .	a women pushes married girl .	2
two girls holding bags walking down the sidewalk .	a women 's bubble gum .	2
two girls holding bags walking down the sidewalk .	a duck woman applying makeup .	2
two girls holding bags walking down the sidewalk .	a camera and wore side-by-side . turkey	2
two girls holding bags walking down the sidewalk .	a women strikes among size .	2
two girls holding bags walking down the sidewalk .	a women 's mountain make-up .	2
two girls holding bags walking down the sidewalk .	a bird 7 among rounded .	2
two girls holding bags walking down the sidewalk .	a women strike out berlin .	2
two girls holding bags walking down the sidewalk .	a tall woman applying makeup .	2
two girls holding bags walking down the sidewalk .	a women not bear . . .	2
two girls holding bags walking down the sidewalk .	a women hauling family rings .	2
two girls holding bags walking down the sidewalk .	a hammer not make markings . .	2
two girls holding bags walking down the sidewalk .	a duck does , bored . <oov>	2
two girls holding bags walking down the sidewalk .	a duck woman applying makeup .	2
two girls holding bags walking down the sidewalk .	a cleaning wave among accident .	2
two girls holding bags walking down the sidewalk .	a camera and collecting apart .	2
two girls holding bags walking down the sidewalk .	a chicken and wore gum .	2
two girls holding bags walking down the sidewalk .	a women juggles mexican bored . a	2
hikers walk along some tough terrain .	kid is great a reindeer .	0
hikers walk along some tough terrain .	there audience impromptu a weapon . a	0
hikers walk along some tough terrain .	there kid tomatoes a discus .	0
hikers walk along some tough terrain .	tom comic against a lobster .	0
hikers walk along some tough terrain .	photograph kid around a blizzard . is	0
hikers walk along some tough terrain .	te resident hops a weapon . young blond	0
hikers walk along some tough terrain .	asians hostess around a champion . about little	0
hikers walk along some tough terrain .	daddy travel queen over wood .	0
hikers walk along some tough terrain .	hiking finishing a great beater . firetruck	0
hikers walk along some tough terrain .	kid rats a famous bmx . a	0
hikers walk along some tough terrain .	hiking competitors a lot book .	0
hikers walk along some tough terrain .	bystanders straps folds along hammers . a	0
hikers walk along some tough terrain .	number 8 improving a book . climbing	0
hikers walk along some tough terrain .	full salutes chases along toupee .	0
hikers walk along some tough terrain .	tom wheeler comic a writer .	0
hikers walk along some tough terrain .	hiking motorcycles is waving iron . peeing	0
hikers walk along some tough terrain .	kid is waving against audio .	0
hikers walk along some tough terrain .	there calls a great mail . is	0
hikers walk along some tough terrain .	ninja capturing a tank lesson . <oov>	0
hikers walk along some tough terrain .	kid actors against a bookcase . a	0
hikers walk along some tough terrain .	excavation kid around a hammock . accordian a	0
hikers walk along some tough terrain .	firefighter chases clarinet cars book . a	0
hikers walk along some tough terrain .	performer rides her craft weeds . man ties	0
hikers walk along some tough terrain .	tom rabbi awake a weapon . ferris	0
hikers walk along some tough terrain .	best attentive by a pamphlet . ride	0
hikers walk along some tough terrain .	author lion is a obama . is	0
hikers walk along some tough terrain .	hiking super enjoy a forest . to	0
hikers walk along some tough terrain .	friends musician flies a boring . ,	0
hikers walk along some tough terrain .	showing leave only a tourist . is	0
hikers walk along some tough terrain .	hiking spends time a pot . astride	0
hikers walk along some tough terrain .	family reunion against a rottweiler . consists	0
hikers walk along some tough terrain .	hiking elvis time a bunker .	0
hikers walk along some tough terrain .	jockeys fashionable inside a function . at a	0
hikers walk along some tough terrain .	there incense different a pancake . to	0
people are sitting in a <oov> mexican restaurant .	people on a cushion white <oov> facility	0
people are sitting in a <oov> mexican restaurant .	ten people are in an establishment black	0
people are sitting in a <oov> mexican restaurant .	people on the bench in a structure	0
people are sitting in a <oov> mexican restaurant .	people in a picket and waving .	0
people are sitting in a <oov> mexican restaurant .	people on a stroll and a fish	0
people are sitting in a <oov> mexican restaurant .	people on a bench in the sponge	0
people are sitting in a <oov> mexican restaurant .	people on a pavement woman is over	0
people are sitting in a <oov> mexican restaurant .	people on a bench is tongs	0
people are sitting in a <oov> mexican restaurant .	people on the bench in a cab	0
people are sitting in a <oov> mexican restaurant .	people on a cushion woman is uncomfortable	0
people are sitting in a <oov> mexican restaurant .	people on a bench in black tuxedo	0
people are sitting in a <oov> mexican restaurant .	people on a woman is by bored	0
people are sitting in a <oov> mexican restaurant .	people in a buns and waving goose	0
people are sitting in a <oov> mexican restaurant .	people on a milkshake overboard theatre	0
people are sitting in a <oov> mexican restaurant .	there and a woman in black balconies	0
people are sitting in a <oov> mexican restaurant .	people on a human woman is putting	0
people are sitting in a <oov> mexican restaurant .	there and woman walks on a porch	0
people are sitting in a <oov> mexican restaurant .	people on a stroll and a fish	0
people are sitting in a <oov> mexican restaurant .	people in a sleeping and black shrubs	0
people are sitting in a <oov> mexican restaurant .	people in a rafter and black kitten	0
people are sitting in a <oov> mexican restaurant .	people on a stroll in the intersection	0
people are sitting in a <oov> mexican restaurant .	the people are listening to music	1
people are sitting in a <oov> mexican restaurant .	the dog play her ball	1
people are sitting in a <oov> mexican restaurant .	the people are listening to music	1
people are sitting in a <oov> mexican restaurant .	the people are listening to music	1
people are sitting in a <oov> mexican restaurant .	the people are listening to music	1
people are sitting in a <oov> mexican restaurant .	the people are listening to music	1
people are sitting in a <oov> mexican restaurant .	the people are relaxing music	1
people are sitting in a <oov> mexican restaurant .	the dog in sports gowns	1
people are sitting in a <oov> mexican restaurant .	the people are listening to	1
people wearing sombreros drink shots happily .	people enjoying a worms and <oov> .	1
people wearing sombreros drink shots happily .	people skateboarding and argue in <oov> .	1
people wearing sombreros drink shots happily .	people starring is cooling in <oov> .	1
people wearing sombreros drink shots happily .	people enjoying the superbowl on <oov> .	1
people wearing sombreros drink shots happily .	people enjoying a rowdy and <oov> . dandelions	1
people wearing sombreros drink shots happily .	the people is stolen in the ocean .	1
people wearing sombreros drink shots happily .	people by presenter snowboard their <oov> . to	1
people wearing sombreros drink shots happily .	<oov> church is holding board	0
people wearing sombreros drink shots happily .	<oov> bored rough is !	0
people wearing sombreros drink shots happily .	<oov> gets cosplayers lose john	0
people wearing sombreros drink shots happily .	<oov> walks mopeds cube ! a	0
people wearing sombreros drink shots happily .	<oov> game is now clothed	0
people wearing sombreros drink shots happily .	<oov> walks drifting barriers !	0
people wearing sombreros drink shots happily .	a trailer paints but deck	0
people wearing sombreros drink shots happily .	<oov> walks themselves holding on structure	0
people wearing sombreros drink shots happily .	<oov> bets lets soaring started a	0
people wearing sombreros drink shots happily .	<oov> dane could is sliding	0
people wearing sombreros drink shots happily .	<oov> walks assists is worth	0
people wearing sombreros drink shots happily .	<oov> fashionable woman blood hurt a	0
people wearing sombreros drink shots happily .	<oov> kid can is leopard	0
people wearing sombreros drink shots happily .	<oov> posing was babe !	0
people wearing sombreros drink shots happily .	<oov> audience walks wheelchairs behind	0
people wearing sombreros drink shots happily .	a <oov> looking minds down	0
people wearing sombreros drink shots happily .	<oov> cars is rapidly !	0
people wearing sombreros drink shots happily .	<oov> walks topless dangerously memorial	0
people wearing sombreros drink shots happily .	<oov> falls is holding sail	0
people wearing sombreros drink shots happily .	<oov> praising water is muddy	0
people wearing sombreros drink shots happily .	<oov> out window is shaking	0
people wearing sombreros drink shots happily .	<oov> miller murdered is shaking	0
people wearing sombreros drink shots happily .	<oov> walks atop is muddy trial	0
people wearing sombreros drink shots happily .	<oov> bored hand is numbers	0
people wearing sombreros drink shots happily .	<oov> ! licks is spread	0
people wearing sombreros drink shots happily .	<oov> walks extreme boulevard !	0
people wearing sombreros drink shots happily .	<oov> sleigh job is jumprope	0
people wearing sombreros drink shots happily .	<oov> dane down at water	0
people wearing sombreros drink shots happily .	<oov> submerged is freezing behind	0
people wearing sombreros drink shots happily .	<oov> walks tame heads freezing	0
people wearing sombreros drink shots happily .	<oov> out survey is chanting	0
people wearing sombreros drink shots happily .	<oov> out fond is muddy	0
people wearing sombreros drink shots happily .	<oov> walks passionately works down	0
people wearing sombreros drink shots happily .	<oov> kid is turning wheelchairs	0
people wearing sombreros drink shots happily .	<oov> walks suspect is shaking a	0
people wearing sombreros drink shots happily .	<oov> snacks is frames time	0
people wearing sombreros drink shots happily .	a <oov> looking down street	0
people wearing sombreros drink shots happily .	<oov> hillary game is hoses	0
two men pouring concrete onto another truck .	there are two men	0
two men pouring concrete onto another truck .	there are two men	0
two men pouring concrete onto another truck .	there are two men	0
two men pouring concrete onto another truck .	there are two men	0
two men pouring concrete onto another truck .	there woman rocks some	0
two men pouring concrete onto another truck .	there in a starving	0
two men pouring concrete onto another truck .	there patrol two men	0
two men pouring concrete onto another truck .	there are two men	0
two men pouring concrete onto another truck .	there jazz two men	0
two men pouring concrete onto another truck .	there woman rocks male	0
two men pouring concrete onto another truck .	there an angry man	0
two men pouring concrete onto another truck .	there woman speaks next	0
two men pouring concrete onto another truck .	there patrol two men	0
two men pouring concrete onto another truck .	there are two men	0
two men pouring concrete onto another truck .	there are two men	0
two men pouring concrete onto another truck .	there are two men	0
two men pouring concrete onto another truck .	there aged a men	0
two men pouring concrete onto another truck .	there are two men	0
two men pouring concrete onto another truck .	they awaiting friends stands	1
two men pouring concrete onto another truck .	they canoe before pacific	1
two men pouring concrete onto another truck .	they friends about lobster	1
two men pouring concrete onto another truck .	they know attending child	1
two men pouring concrete onto another truck .	they friends about upwards	1
two men pouring concrete onto another truck .	they sun serious friends	1
two men pouring concrete onto another truck .	they girl canoe eats	1
two men pouring concrete onto another truck .	they know something questions	1
two men pouring concrete onto another truck .	they know attending child	1
two men pouring concrete onto another truck .	they girl about treats	1
two men pouring concrete onto another truck .	they shaved friends sails	1
two men pouring concrete onto another truck .	a utility worker eats	1
two men pouring concrete onto another truck .	they know cramped parks	1
two men pouring concrete onto another truck .	they opening friends are	1
two men pouring concrete onto another truck .	they friends hold child	1
two men pouring concrete onto another truck .	they will player sport	1
two men pouring concrete onto another truck .	they friends about marshmallows	1
two men pouring concrete onto another truck .	they shoot friends about	1
two men pouring concrete onto another truck .	they friends about paths	1
two men pouring concrete onto another truck .	they friends canoe	1
two men pouring concrete onto another truck .	they hiking food vietnam	1
two men pouring concrete onto another truck .	a mean spreads child	1
two men pouring concrete onto another truck .	they know strangers	1
two men pouring concrete onto another truck .	they explodes lollipop child	1
two men pouring concrete onto another truck .	they friends about peddling	1
two men pouring concrete onto another truck .	the men are eating lunch with eyes .	2
two men pouring concrete onto another truck .	the men are eating lunch with camels .	2
two men pouring concrete onto another truck .	the men are eating lunch with camels	2
two men pouring concrete onto another truck .	the men are eating lunch with completed .	2
two men pouring concrete onto another truck .	the men are eating lunch with camels .	2
two men pouring concrete onto another truck .	the men are eating lunch with jets	2
two men pouring concrete onto another truck .	the men are eating lunch with eyes	2
two men pouring concrete onto another truck .	the men are eating lunch with camels .	2
two men pouring concrete onto another truck .	the men are eating lunch at slide	2
two men pouring concrete onto another truck .	the men are eating lunch with cars	2
two men pouring concrete onto another truck .	the men are eating lunch at lunch	2
two <oov> play in the snow .	the <oov> man are in their dinner together .	2
two <oov> play in the snow .	the man <oov> are at their dinner .	2
two <oov> play in the snow .	the <oov> man are in their dinner together .	2
two <oov> play in the snow .	the man <oov> are at their dinner .	2
two <oov> play in the snow .	the man <oov> are at their dinner .	2
a young <oov> boy is sucking his thumb .	a boy is playing his axe outdoors .	0
a young <oov> boy is sucking his thumb .	a boy is smelling his face outdoors .	0
a young <oov> boy is sucking his thumb .	a boy is moving his face painted .	0
a young <oov> boy is sucking his thumb .	the boy is playing his favorite racket .	0
a young <oov> boy is sucking his thumb .	a boy is walking near his important .	0
a young <oov> boy is sucking his thumb .	a boy is moving his face waking .	0
a young <oov> boy is sucking his thumb .	a boy is walking around his age .	0
a young <oov> boy is sucking his thumb .	the boy is playing while others ok .	0
a young <oov> boy is sucking his thumb .	a boy is moving his face loudly .	0
a young <oov> boy is sucking his thumb .	the boy is playing his favorite sport .	0
a young <oov> boy is sucking his thumb .	the boy is playing his favorite medicine .	0
a young <oov> boy is sucking his thumb .	a boy is moving while plowing outdoors .	0
a young <oov> boy is sucking his thumb .	a boy is moving while receiving problem .	0
a young <oov> boy is sucking his thumb .	the boy is playing using his seeds .	0
a young <oov> boy is sucking his thumb .	a boy is playing his jenga utensils .	0
a young <oov> boy is sucking his thumb .	a boy is playing taxes his dive .	0
a young <oov> boy is sucking his thumb .	a boy is playing his artistic sides .	0
a young <oov> boy is sucking his thumb .	a boy is playing opposing rabid vegetation .	0
a young <oov> boy is sucking his thumb .	a boy is moving his face purchased .	0
a young <oov> boy is sucking his thumb .	the boy is playing that victory outdoors .	0
a young <oov> boy is sucking his thumb .	the boy is not silver castro .	2
a young <oov> boy is sucking his thumb .	the boy is not measuring heavily spit .	2
a young <oov> boy is sucking his thumb .	the boy is not decided for it .	2
a person is surfing a big wave .	a person is sitting a head edge .	2
a person is surfing a big wave .	a person is sitting a chicken leg .	2
a person is surfing a big wave .	a person is sitting in a chair .	2
a person is surfing a big wave .	a person is sitting a head social .	2
a person is surfing a big wave .	a person is sitting a hike pen .	2
a person is surfing a big wave .	a person is sitting a rat horse .	2
a person is surfing a big wave .	a person is sitting a lonely horse .	2
a person is surfing a big wave .	a person is sitting a hog horse .	2
a person is surfing a big wave .	a person is sitting a loud letter .	2
a person is surfing a big wave .	a person is sitting in a chair .	2
a person is surfing a big wave .	a person is surfing .	0
a person is surfing a big wave .	a person is surfing .	0
a person is surfing a big wave .	a person is surfing .	0
a person is surfing a big wave .	a person is surfing .	0
a person is surfing a big wave .	a person is surfing .	0
a person is surfing a big wave .	a person is surfing .	0
a person is surfing a big wave .	a person is surfing .	0
a person is surfing a big wave .	a person is surfing .	0
a person is surfing a big wave .	a person is surfing .	0
a person is surfing a big wave .	a person is surfing .	0
a person is surfing a big wave .	a person is surfing .	0
a person is surfing a big wave .	a person is surfing .	0
a person is surfing a big wave .	a person is surfing .	0
a person is surfing a big wave .	a person is surfing .	0
a person is surfing a big wave .	a person is surfing .	0
a person is surfing a big wave .	a person is surfing .	0
a person is surfing a big wave .	a person is surfing .	0
a person is surfing a big wave .	a person is surfing .	0
a person is surfing a big wave .	a person is surfing .	0
a person is surfing a big wave .	a person is surfing .	0
a person is surfing a big wave .	a person is surfing .	0
a person is surfing a big wave .	a person is surfing .	0
a person is surfing a big wave .	a person is surfing .	0
a person is surfing a big wave .	a person is surfing .	0
a person is surfing a big wave .	a person is surfing .	0
a person is surfing a big wave .	a person is surfing .	0
a person is surfing a big wave .	a person is surfing .	0
a person is surfing a big wave .	a person is surfing .	0
a person is surfing a big wave .	a person is surfing .	0
a person is surfing a big wave .	a person is surfing .	0
a person is surfing a big wave .	a person is surfing .	0
a person is surfing a big wave .	a person is surfing .	0
a person is surfing a big wave .	a person is surfing .	0
a person is surfing a big wave .	a person is surfing .	0
a person is surfing a big wave .	a person is surfing .	0
a person is surfing a big wave .	a person is surfing .	0
a person is surfing a big wave .	a person is surfing .	0
a person is surfing a big wave .	a person is surfing .	0
a person is surfing a big wave .	a person is surfing .	0
a person is surfing a big wave .	a person is surfing .	0
a beach boardwalk during summertime .	her friends have cartoons music on .	0
a beach boardwalk during summertime .	a marine have cell the floor .	0
a beach boardwalk during summertime .	a canine separately looks touching the ground	0
a beach boardwalk during summertime .	a go-cart bought looks quietly .	0
a beach boardwalk during summertime .	a skiiers taking selfies teasing . <oov>	0
a beach boardwalk during summertime .	a cheerleader compared looks past the .	0
a beach boardwalk during summertime .	a cheerleader bride opera on the .	0
a beach boardwalk during summertime .	a operating camel looks down stairs .	0
a beach boardwalk during summertime .	her pup throws fans the playground .	0
a beach boardwalk during summertime .	a pale removes looks quietly .	0
a beach boardwalk during summertime .	a photographer throws parachuting league .	0
a beach boardwalk during summertime .	a casting launches cooking dinner .	0
a beach boardwalk during summertime .	a cheerleader contemplating looks and collide .	0
a beach boardwalk during summertime .	a cheerleader gives looks and arrow . a	0
a beach boardwalk during summertime .	a cheerleader taking pictures outdoors .	0
a beach boardwalk during summertime .	a cheerleader looks manure and revolutionary . -rrb-	0
a beach boardwalk during summertime .	a barista midair looks tell .	0
a beach boardwalk during summertime .	a cheerleader tests have dirt and .	0
a beach boardwalk during summertime .	a canine combs towards the shore .	0
a beach boardwalk during summertime .	a cheerleader joking exploring the walgreens .	0
a beach boardwalk during summertime .	a canine peddling looks played .	0
a beach boardwalk during summertime .	a cheerleader saddles looks and forrest . <oov>	0
a beach boardwalk during summertime .	her friends have finished off the .	0
a beach boardwalk during summertime .	a canine calmly taking pictures .	0
a beach boardwalk during summertime .	a graduates have apples and peanuts .	0
a beach boardwalk during summertime .	a cheerleader taking selfies and holds .	0
a beach boardwalk during summertime .	a go-cart review taking off women .	0
a beach boardwalk during summertime .	a empty train taste met the .	0
a beach boardwalk during summertime .	a pale man looks backflip off .	0
a beach boardwalk during summertime .	a cheerleader pulls photos the triangle .	0
a beach boardwalk during summertime .	a cheerleader captured humping and shouting .	0
a beach boardwalk during summertime .	a bartender sprinting looks above ground .	0
a man cycling on road and enjoying .	a man is enjoying the favorite bank .	1
a man cycling on road and enjoying .	a man is enjoying his favorite pie .	1
a man cycling on road and enjoying .	a man is enjoying his favorite strip .	1
a man cycling on road and enjoying .	a man is asleep in his bed .	2
a dog biting a man 's rear	an animal is biting a pro . a	0
a dog biting a man 's rear	a girl assists large owner .	1
a dog biting a man 's rear	a girl bit its owner .	1
a dog biting a man 's rear	a girl ordered independent lays .	1
a dog biting a man 's rear	a girl slipping its goose . displays	1
a dog biting a man 's rear	a girl enjoyed its owner .	1
a dog biting a man 's rear	an athlete falls outside . is	1
a dog biting a man 's rear	a girl native its owner .	1
a dog biting a man 's rear	a girl supervises women sit . <oov>	1
a dog biting a man 's rear	an young man folks , .	1
a dog biting a man 's rear	an boys eat and toys . 's	1
a dog biting a man 's rear	a girl terrified younger owner . is	1
a dog biting a man 's rear	a girl spits cried 1 . ,	1
a dog biting a man 's rear	a girl creates site dress . ` fox	1
a dog biting a man 's rear	a girl enjoys reindeer vehicle .	1
a dog biting a man 's rear	a girl proposing outside .	1
a dog biting a man 's rear	a girl pedestrian his milkshake . across	1
a dog biting a man 's rear	a girl mourns cycling fair .	1
a dog biting a man 's rear	a girl sells grilled cheese .	1
a dog biting a man 's rear	a girl filling carnival toys .	1
a dog biting a man 's rear	a girl rubs busy ! . is	1
a dog biting a man 's rear	a girl purses his boots . <oov>	1
a dog biting a man 's rear	a girl travelling its owner .	1
a dog biting a man 's rear	a girl searching his jail . football	1
a dog biting a man 's rear	a arabic man outside director . woman	1
a dog biting a man 's rear	a girl purses wearing backpacks .	1
a dog biting a man 's rear	a girl slowly ink telescope . is	1
a dog biting a man 's rear	a girl plays white toys .	1
a dog biting a man 's rear	a hiking woman busy toys .	1
a dog biting a man 's rear	a man helps a patrick . a	2
a dog biting a man 's rear	a man drives a man . a	2
a dog biting a man 's rear	a cat attacks a plains . of cab	2
a dog biting a man 's rear	a man helps a skater . a	2
a dog biting a man 's rear	a man bbq a man . boy	2
a dog biting a man 's rear	a cat attacks a frowning . a	2
a dog biting a man 's rear	a cat eat a romance . a	2
a dog biting a man 's rear	a man i a king . a	2
a dog biting a man 's rear	a cat freely a sac . out patrol	2
a dog biting a man 's rear	a man eat a rainstorm . a	2
a dog biting a man 's rear	a man missing a trolley . a	2
a dog biting a man 's rear	a man comforts a man .	2
a dog biting a man 's rear	a cat addresses a aunt . ride	2
a dog biting a man 's rear	a man i a youtube . went	2
a dog biting a man 's rear	a man navigates a trolley . a	2
a dog biting a man 's rear	a cat dries a man . of	2
a dog biting a man 's rear	a man i a backpack . a	2
a dog biting a man 's rear	a man gently entertaining a pool . to	2
a swan landing in a lake .	a bird is on a ladder . a	0
a swan landing in a lake .	a bird is on a packed . outside	0
a swan landing in a lake .	a drummer of art pulling away in the field	2
a swan landing in a lake .	a sponsored with a multicolored fashion use mouse .	2
a swan landing in a lake .	a double-decker school puppy away from a wave	2
a swan landing in a lake .	a bmxer of impressive was headed in it	2
a swan landing in a lake .	a quintet is pails pulled into the sand	2
a swan landing in a lake .	a bmxer image of drummer headed from home prizes	2
a swan landing in a lake .	a downed with bananas away from a couch .	2
a swan landing in a lake .	a runner with still skateboarding herding in line .	2
a swan landing in a lake .	a quartet with brother colorful live in a field	2
a swan landing in a lake .	a bullrider with her fabrics look into the ocean	2
a swan landing in a lake .	a brunette protest stairs from gambling into ocean .	2
a swan landing in a lake .	a sweaty with couples kidnapping water at the beach	2
a swan landing in a lake .	a storm is flying away from a hike market	2
a swan landing in a lake .	a bluegrass with high onlookers away in a cafe	2
a swan landing in a lake .	a schoolgirl march with art away in the house	2
a swan landing in a lake .	a erecting with races headfirst into the bend tube	2
a swan landing in a lake .	a lioness is capturing sunglasses away from a museum	2
a swan landing in a lake .	a sweaty with a card crew in progress .	2
a swan landing in a lake .	a reporter races is during halftime into the sand	2
a swan landing in a lake .	a bowler with a baton concrete swimming home .	2
a swan landing in a lake .	a gray-haired of liberty champion aa in the scene	2
a swan landing in a lake .	a quintet with a liquid eyes and sunglasses	2
a swan landing in a lake .	a christian with a sometimes from their bodies	2
a swan landing in a lake .	a bullfighter center away from a boulevard couch .	2
a swan landing in a lake .	a blacksmith with multicolored excavating from a ground .	2
a swan landing in a lake .	a bullrider is happily cheering away in cheer	2
a swan landing in a lake .	a costumed man is paved into a woman .	2
a swan landing in a lake .	a stripper of us many adjusting sunglasses skateboarding .	2
a swan landing in a lake .	a curly-haired of neon from diving into the water	2
a swan landing in a lake .	a beggar with bikes bridge jogging in street	2
a swan landing in a lake .	a enforcement with a bridge smokes in bull .	2
a swan landing in a lake .	a hawk of int zoom from a locomotive	2
two people are participating in the sport fencing .	two people are in a fencing	1
two people are participating in the sport fencing .	two people are in a locker	1
two people are participating in the sport fencing .	two people are in a locker loose	1
two people are participating in the sport fencing .	two people are in a locker rapid	1
two people are participating in the sport fencing .	two people are in a locker onstage	1
two people are participating in the sport fencing .	two people are in a locker fights	1
two people are participating in the sport fencing .	two people are in a brick author	1
two people are participating in the sport fencing .	two people are in a chefs	1
two people are participating in the sport fencing .	two people are in a dc	1
two people are participating in the sport fencing .	two people are in a cave	1
two people are participating in the sport fencing .	two people are in a cave riverbank	1
two people are participating in the sport fencing .	two people are in a sox canal .	1
two people are participating in the sport fencing .	two people are in a fencing	1
two people are participating in the sport fencing .	two people are in a brick position	1
two people are participating in the sport fencing .	two people are in a cave	1
two people are participating in the sport fencing .	two people are in a fencing	1
two people are participating in the sport fencing .	two people are in a gymnastics	1
two people are participating in the sport fencing .	two people are competing in a lecture	1
two people are participating in the sport fencing .	two people are in a fencing	1
two people are participating in the sport fencing .	two people are in a sauna haystack	1
two people are participating in the sport fencing .	two people are in a fencing	1
two people are participating in the sport fencing .	two people are in a gymnastics	1
two people are participating in the sport fencing .	two people are in a cave	1
two people are participating in the sport fencing .	two people are in a cave	1
two people are participating in the sport fencing .	two people are in a fencing	1
two people are participating in the sport fencing .	two people are in a locker	1
two people are participating in the sport fencing .	two people are in a boss dove	1
two people are participating in the sport fencing .	two people are in a locker saluting	1
two people are participating in the sport fencing .	two people are in a fencing	1
two people are participating in the sport fencing .	two people are in a loose tournament	1
two people are participating in the sport fencing .	two people are in a cave	1
two people are participating in the sport fencing .	two people are in a locker buzz	1
two people are participating in the sport fencing .	two people are in a thin	1
two people are participating in the sport fencing .	two people are in a flowered nighttime .	1
two people are participating in the sport fencing .	two people are in a complete egg	1
two people are participating in the sport fencing .	two people are in a cave	1
two people are participating in the sport fencing .	two people are in a gymnastics	1
two people are participating in the sport fencing .	two people are in a similar	1
two people are participating in the sport fencing .	two woman playing slide	2
a boy on a skateboard in midair	the boy is riding his board .	0
a boy on a skateboard in midair	the man is riding his board .	0
a boy on a skateboard in midair	the boy is riding his board .	0
a boy on a skateboard in midair	the boy is riding his board .	0
a boy on a skateboard in midair	the boy is touching his board .	0
a man biking down a tunnel .	a man is playing video .	2
a man biking down a tunnel .	a man is playing hopscotch . is	2
a man biking down a tunnel .	a person is on a bike .	0
a man biking down a tunnel .	a man winning a bike race .	1
a man biking down a tunnel .	a man feeds a steer pig .	1
a man biking down a tunnel .	a man winning a bike race .	1
three children are shooting guns in the woods .	three the image are an outdoor art water	0
three children are shooting guns in the woods .	three the bar are an art area .	0
three children are shooting guns in the woods .	three the gentlemen are court a picture .	0
three children are shooting guns in the woods .	three the gorillas are at a function .	0
three children are shooting guns in the woods .	three the businessmen are running from huts .	0
three children are shooting guns in the woods .	three the gentlemen are at a flower .	0
three children are shooting guns in the woods .	three the white running from a wide .	0
three children are shooting guns in the woods .	three the brand are home from pant .	0
three children are shooting guns in the woods .	three woman and a redhead park downstairs .	0
she is cooking food while wearing a dress .	a woman is eating a diagram road pinata	1
she is cooking food while wearing a dress .	a woman is wearing a tuxedo heels occur .	1
she is cooking food while wearing a dress .	a woman is wearing a sunglasses to grilling .	1
she is cooking food while wearing a dress .	a woman is wearing a saber jean jacket	1
she is cooking food while wearing a dress .	a woman is wearing the apple to nails	1
she is cooking food while wearing a dress .	a woman is wearing a japanese road jacket	1
she is cooking food while wearing a dress .	a woman is wearing a sunglasses to jack	1
she is cooking food while wearing a dress .	a woman is wearing a favorite jacket to drowns	1
she is cooking food while wearing a dress .	a woman is wearing a veteran learning died .	1
she is cooking food while wearing a dress .	a woman is wearing a favorite service jacket .	1
she is cooking food while wearing a dress .	a woman is wearing a scottish the jacket .	1
she is cooking food while wearing a dress .	a woman is wearing a his plate headdress .	1
she is cooking food while wearing a dress .	a woman is eating a doughnuts skateboard pic .	1
she is cooking food while wearing a dress .	a woman is wearing a large board hat .	1
she is cooking food while wearing a dress .	a woman is wearing the raincoat red top hall	1
she is cooking food while wearing a dress .	a woman is wearing the south a jacket .	1
she is cooking food while wearing a dress .	a woman is wearing the chunk ascends races .	1
she is cooking food while wearing a dress .	a woman is eating a weighing some bottles	1
she is cooking food while wearing a dress .	a woman is wearing a fellow raincoat skateboard .	1
she is cooking food while wearing a dress .	a woman is wearing a japanese red hoodie .	1
she is cooking food while wearing a dress .	a woman is wearing a protective narrow city tomatoes	1
a choir practicing in a church .	a group of poop . is	0
a choir practicing in a church .	a group of singers . is	0
a choir practicing in a church .	a woman is care .	0
a choir practicing in a church .	a group of beatles . the	0
a choir practicing in a church .	a group of singers . is	0
a choir practicing in a church .	a woman is littering .	0
a choir practicing in a church .	a group of singers . is	0
a choir practicing in a church .	a group of capture . ` a	0
a choir practicing in a church .	a woman is folding .	0
a choir practicing in a church .	a group of singers . is	0
a choir practicing in a church .	a group of risk . is yorkie	0
a choir practicing in a church .	a group of hippies . is the	0
a choir practicing in a church .	a woman is lively .	0
a choir practicing in a church .	a group of eagles . is nervous	0
a choir practicing in a church .	a group of childrens . is	0
a choir practicing in a church .	a group of canines . is	0
a choir practicing in a church .	a group of singers . a	0
a choir practicing in a church .	a group of viewer . is pumping	0
a choir practicing in a church .	a group of furniture .	0
a choir practicing in a church .	a group of singers . is	0
a choir practicing in a church .	a woman is littering .	0
a choir practicing in a church .	a group of landscape .	0
a choir practicing in a church .	a group of celebrities . is	0
a choir practicing in a church .	a group of americans . warn man	0
a choir practicing in a church .	a group of trophies . is fox	0
a choir practicing in a church .	a group of canines . `	0
a choir practicing in a church .	a woman is sucking .	0
a choir practicing in a church .	a group of clerk . is a	0
a choir practicing in a church .	a group of singers . is	0
a choir practicing in a church .	a group of snowboarders . is a	0
a choir practicing in a church .	a group of people were and watching street .	2
a choir practicing in a church .	a group of people notre and watching planter	2
a choir practicing in a church .	a group of people is sparing on it	2
a choir practicing in a church .	a group of people is socializing on the field	2
a choir practicing in a church .	a group of people arrest and watching approach umbrellas	2
a choir practicing in a church .	a group of people is docking and observes	2
a choir practicing in a church .	a group of people mowed and is shouting .	2
a choir practicing in a church .	a group of people is crafting and watching others	2
a choir practicing in a church .	a group of people is airborne and watching .	2
a choir practicing in a church .	a group of people is observing and shouting .	2
a choir practicing in a church .	a group of people backstage and play blow-up .	2
a choir practicing in a church .	a group of people is highly and shouting .	2
a choir practicing in a church .	a group of people is socializing and watching	2
a choir practicing in a church .	a group of people is socializing on the sidewalk	2
a choir practicing in a church .	a group of people is socializing and watching	2
a choir practicing in a church .	a group of people is clapping and watching .	2
a choir practicing in a church .	a group of people walking on the grass .	2
a choir practicing in a church .	a group of people trying and shouting watching	2
a choir practicing in a church .	a group of people is marching and shouting .	2
a choir practicing in a church .	a group of people mind and watching alien	2
a choir practicing in a church .	a group of people crossing and with symbol .	2
a choir practicing in a church .	a group of people is observing and waterskiing .	2
a choir practicing in a church .	a group of people is watching and husbands	2
a choir practicing in a church .	a group of people is yelling and socializing .	2
a choir practicing in a church .	a group of people grouped and tall on .	2
a choir practicing in a church .	a group of people is displayed and watching	2
a choir practicing in a church .	a group of people is controlling watching the race	2
a choir practicing in a church .	a group of people balance and with nothing .	2
a choir practicing in a church .	a group of people is crossing and eating	2
a choir practicing in a church .	a group of people is airborne and watching	2
a choir practicing in a church .	a group of people football with their mouth	2
a choir practicing in a church .	a group of people litter and watching man .	2
a choir practicing in a church .	a group of people is observing and hurt	2
a choir practicing in a church .	a group of people dueling and watching t.v. .	2
a choir practicing in a church .	a group of people crossing and scooters stolen .	2
a man is throwing something into the road .	a man throws boarding herself on a wand .	1
a man is throwing something into the road .	a person waits graffiti equipment over a theme .	1
a man is throwing something into the road .	a person baskets baskets on a snowy road .	1
a man is throwing something into the road .	a man throws tackler pet a board .	1
a man is throwing something into the road .	a person throws spot on a tripod car .	1
a man is throwing something into the road .	a person throws tumbling on a bench	1
a man is throwing something into the road .	a person lab childern beneath a sights	1
a man is throwing something into the road .	a man throws equipment small on a plank .	1
a man is throwing something into the road .	a person performs tile beneath a half grape .	1
a man is throwing something into the road .	a person throws toddler on a maple .	1
a man is throwing something into the road .	a throws man taking frames of a passengers .	1
a man is throwing something into the road .	a person throws skater sits on a stool .	1
a man is throwing something into the road .	a person puppies pulling a focused on structure	1
a man is throwing something into the road .	a person throws sheep limes on a bench .	1
a man is throwing something into the road .	a chef man buried riding through a game .	1
a man is throwing something into the road .	a person paddles baskets off on a cars .	1
a man is throwing something into the road .	a person sales draws a on half pipe .	1
a man is throwing something into the road .	a naked couple performed closely on a section .	1
a man is throwing something into the road .	a person way self tests on a volcano	1
a man is throwing something into the road .	a man throws awkwardly scientist on a stool .	1
a man is throwing something into the road .	a person participating chick on a snowy tower .	1
a man is throwing something into the road .	a person fight iron clustered on a building .	1
a man is throwing something into the road .	a person cocktails boarding on a merry building .	1
a man is throwing something into the road .	a person scored easel plans a vw board	1
a man is throwing something into the road .	a person removes frisbee off a sunset	1
a man is throwing something into the road .	a person performs magic form a guy .	1
a man is throwing something into the road .	a person sees exhausted relationship on a stool	1
a man is throwing something into the road .	a person throws scrubs on a merry building .	1
a man is throwing something into the road .	a man throws weights on a trombone .	1
a man is throwing something into the road .	a person polishing pressing off a forest .	1
a man is throwing something into the road .	a person throws a magic on a building	1
a man is throwing something into the road .	a chef man ridding on a pan client .	1
a man is throwing something into the road .	a man throws glass lice a flashlights .	1
a man is throwing something into the road .	a man is near the road .	0
a man is throwing something into the road .	a taxi are separated race .	2
a man is throwing something into the road .	a man paints a ladder . the	2
a man is throwing something into the road .	a girls are feeding home . a	2
a man is throwing something into the road .	a girls are messing .	2
a man is throwing something into the road .	a man paints a house . of police	2
a man is throwing something into the road .	a man paints a wheel . a	2
a man is throwing something into the road .	a man paints a house . a	2
a man is throwing something into the road .	a barista atop a blizzard . a	2
a man is throwing something into the road .	a seniors are tasting windows . a	2
a man is throwing something into the road .	a woman paints a jellyfish . a	2
a man is throwing something into the road .	a taxi are single home . a	2
a man is throwing something into the road .	a taxi are months ascending . a	2
a man is throwing something into the road .	a walking water a house . a	2
a man is throwing something into the road .	a girls are tulips shapes .	2
a man is throwing something into the road .	a girls are feeding wheel .	2
a man is throwing something into the road .	a biker rides a ladder . a	2
a man is throwing something into the road .	a girls are waterskiing bike .	2
a man is throwing something into the road .	a girls are grasping old .	2
a man is throwing something into the road .	a taxi are single home . a	2
a man is throwing something into the road .	a girls are plowing .	2
a man is throwing something into the road .	a man paints a balance . of little	2
a man is throwing something into the road .	a boy paints a house . a	2
a man is throwing something into the road .	a man paints a wheel . golfing	2
a man is throwing something into the road .	a girls are tulips home . a	2
a man is throwing something into the road .	a man paints a wheel . <oov>	2
young children play on scaffolding .	young people kneading play flashlights . is	0
young children play on scaffolding .	young people play on tv . to	0
young children play on scaffolding .	young people play on scaffolding .	0
young children play on scaffolding .	young people play on upright . in	0
young children play on scaffolding .	young people play on scaffolding .	0
young children play on scaffolding .	young people play on scaffolding .	0
young children play on scaffolding .	young people play on scaffolding .	0
young children play on scaffolding .	young people play on scaffolding .	0
young children play on scaffolding .	young people play on solid .	0
young children play on scaffolding .	young people play on scaffolding .	0
young children play on scaffolding .	young people surround two men .	0
young children play on scaffolding .	young people inspect their backpack .	0
young children play on scaffolding .	animal people play boys on .	0
young children play on scaffolding .	young people play on scaffolding .	0
young children play on scaffolding .	young people play on scaffolding .	0
a man is squatting on the ground .	a man is in his bed asleep .	2
a man is squatting on the ground .	a man is in his bed ' .	2
a man is squatting on the ground .	a man is in his sneakers skateboard .	2
a man is squatting on the ground .	a man is in his sneakers asleep .	2
a man is squatting on the ground .	a man is in his bed drowned .	2
a man is squatting on the ground .	a man is in his bed asleep .	2
a man is squatting on the ground .	a man is in his bed spotlight .	2
a man is squatting on the ground .	a man is in his skateboard apartment .	2
a man is squatting on the ground .	a man is in his bed pocket .	2
a man is squatting on the ground .	a man is in his bed asleep .	2
a man is squatting on the ground .	a man is in his sneakers tanning .	2
a man is squatting on the ground .	a man is in his bed holding .	2
a man is squatting on the ground .	a man is in his bed store .	2
a man is squatting on the ground .	a person is in his bed shop .	2
a man is squatting on the ground .	a man is in his bed asleep .	2
a man is squatting on the ground .	a man is near the ground . to	0
a man is squatting on the ground .	a man is near the ground . a	0
a man is squatting on the ground .	a man is near the ground . a	0
a man is squatting on the ground .	a man is near the ground . .	0
a man is squatting on the ground .	a the man is ina part he watches .	1
a man is squatting on the ground .	a the recital is displaying towards with passengers .	1
a man is squatting on the ground .	a bird is tennis player or bump jar .	1
a man is squatting on the ground .	a man is crouched upside five with graffiti .	1
a group of people gather around a truck .	a group of fresh swings the amusement .	0
a group of people gather around a truck .	a group gathered are outdoors near the store	0
a group of people gather around a truck .	a group gathered are outdoors near baskets .	0
a group of people gather around a truck .	a group gathered are near a performance .	0
a group of people gather around a truck .	a group gathered are outdoors near turkey .	0
two men outside of a restaurant .	a group are riding it a skateboarder .	2
two men outside of a restaurant .	a group are bug eating a question .	2
two men outside of a restaurant .	a people are inside eating a ranch .	2
two men outside of a restaurant .	a group are bug inside a restaurant .	2
two men outside of a restaurant .	a group are bug inside a restaurant .	2
two men outside of a restaurant .	two men are outside . .	0
two men outside of a restaurant .	two men are outside . . turkey	0
two men outside of a restaurant .	two men are outside . . a	0
two men outside of a restaurant .	two men are outside . . a	0
two men outside of a restaurant .	two men are outside . .	0
two men outside of a restaurant .	two men are outside . .	0
two men outside of a restaurant .	two men are outside . . onward	0
two men outside of a restaurant .	two men are outside . . of	0
two men outside of a restaurant .	two men are outside . .	0
two men outside of a restaurant .	two men are outside . . wave	0
a boy splashing through the ocean .	the boy is at the beach .	0
a boy splashing through the ocean .	the boy is at the beach .	0
a boy splashing through the ocean .	the boy is at the beach .	0
a boy splashing through the ocean .	the boy is at the beach .	0
a boy splashing through the ocean .	the boy is at the beach .	0
a boy splashing through the ocean .	the boy is at the beach .	0
a boy splashing through the ocean .	the boy is at the beach .	0
a boy splashing through the ocean .	the woman is at the beach .	0
a boy splashing through the ocean .	the boy is at the beach .	0
a boy splashing through the ocean .	the woman is at the beach .	0
a boy splashing through the ocean .	the boy is at the beach .	0
a boy splashing through the ocean .	the boy is at the beach .	0
a boy splashing through the ocean .	the boy is at the beach .	0
a boy splashing through the ocean .	the boy is at the beach .	0
a boy splashing through the ocean .	the boy is at the beach .	0
a boy splashing through the ocean .	the boy is at the beach .	0
a boy splashing through the ocean .	the boy is at the beach .	0
a boy splashing through the ocean .	the boy is at the beach .	0
a boy splashing through the ocean .	the boy is at the beach .	0
a boy splashing through the ocean .	the boy is at the beach .	0
a boy splashing through the ocean .	the boy is at the beach .	0
a boy splashing through the ocean .	the boy is at the beach .	0
a boy splashing through the ocean .	the boy is at the beach .	0
a boy splashing through the ocean .	the boy is at the beach .	0
a boy splashing through the ocean .	the boy is at the beach .	0
a boy splashing through the ocean .	the boy is at the beach .	0
a boy splashing through the ocean .	the boy is at the beach .	0
a boy splashing through the ocean .	the boy is at the beach .	0
a boy splashing through the ocean .	the boy is at the beach .	0
a boy splashing through the ocean .	the boy is at the beach .	0
a boy splashing through the ocean .	the boy is at the beach .	0
a boy splashing through the ocean .	the boy is at the beach .	0
a boy splashing through the ocean .	the boy is at the beach .	0
a boy splashing through the ocean .	the boy is at the beach .	0
a boy splashing through the ocean .	the boy is at the beach .	0
a boy splashing through the ocean .	the boy is at the beach .	0
a boy splashing through the ocean .	the boy is at the beach .	0
a boy splashing through the ocean .	the boy is at the beach .	0
a boy splashing through the ocean .	the boy is at the beach .	0
a boy splashing through the ocean .	the boy is at the beach .	0
a boy splashing through the ocean .	the boy is two solid .	2
a boy splashing through the ocean .	the boy is in kansas scaffolding .	2
a boy splashing through the ocean .	the woman is ten massive .	2
a boy splashing through the ocean .	the boy is two fireworks .	2
a boy splashing through the ocean .	the boy is two men .	2
a boy splashing through the ocean .	the boy is two men .	2
a boy splashing through the ocean .	the boy is two men .	2
a boy splashing through the ocean .	the boy is in labor .	2
a boy splashing through the ocean .	the boy is two men .	2
a boy splashing through the ocean .	the boy is two boys .	2
a boy splashing through the ocean .	the boy is two solid .	2
a boy splashing through the ocean .	the boy is in vollyball . is	2
a boy splashing through the ocean .	the boy is two men .	2
a boy splashing through the ocean .	the boy is two boys .	2
a boy splashing through the ocean .	the boy is two men .	2
a boy splashing through the ocean .	the boy is in layers . a	2
a boy splashing through the ocean .	the boy is two men .	2
a boy splashing through the ocean .	the boy is in kansas . <oov>	2
a boy splashing through the ocean .	the boy is in hawaii . carts	2
a boy splashing through the ocean .	the boy is two boys .	2
a boy splashing through the ocean .	the boy is two men .	2
a boy splashing through the ocean .	the boy is two men .	2
a boy splashing through the ocean .	the boy is two men .	2
a boy splashing through the ocean .	the boy is two boys .	2
a boy splashing through the ocean .	the boy is two boys .	2
a boy splashing through the ocean .	the boy is two men .	2
a boy splashing through the ocean .	the boy is in kilt . across	2
a boy splashing through the ocean .	the boy is two casually .	2
a boy splashing through the ocean .	the boy is two buggies .	2
a boy splashing through the ocean .	the boy is two worshiping .	2
a boy splashing through the ocean .	the boy is two men .	2
a boy splashing through the ocean .	the boy is two men .	2
a boy splashing through the ocean .	the boy is in kansas crowd .	2
a boy splashing through the ocean .	the boy is two halloween .	2
a boy splashing through the ocean .	the boy is in kansas kansas .	2
a woman happy about something .	a mime 's robe .	0
a woman happy about something .	a shirtless woman sticks .	0
a woman happy about something .	a shirtless woman . outside	0
a woman happy about something .	a happy woman .	0
a woman happy about something .	a festival woman screens .	0
a woman happy about something .	a mime 's .	0
a woman happy about something .	a bulldog woman . is a	0
a woman happy about something .	a dad 's unable . quickly	0
a woman happy about something .	a dad 's apron . latest	0
a woman happy about something .	a happy woman .	0
a woman happy about something .	a bulldog hockey freckled . .	0
a woman happy about something .	a mans woman screens .	0
a woman happy about something .	a hillary hockey . to ground	0
a woman happy about something .	a para woman .	0
a woman happy about something .	a cellist woman . is	0
a woman happy about something .	a happy woman .	0
a woman happy about something .	a festival woman bulbs .	0
a woman happy about something .	a serenades shallow sleeping .	0
a woman happy about something .	a sedan woman watered .	0
a woman happy about something .	a mans wakeboarding .	0
a woman happy about something .	a festival woman .	0
a woman happy about something .	a happy woman .	0
a woman happy about something .	a mime woman is .	0
a woman happy about something .	a seated woman plays .	0
a woman happy about something .	a bulldog hockey lobster .	0
a woman happy about something .	a member woman .	0
a woman happy about something .	a seated woman .	0
a woman happy about something .	a happy woman .	0
a woman happy about something .	a geisha smashed .	0
a woman happy about something .	a presented woman .	0
a woman happy about something .	a mans woman is .	0
a woman happy about something .	a happy woman .	0
a woman happy about something .	a festival is sleeping .	0
a woman happy about something .	a brunette woman is .	0
a woman happy about something .	a mans woman is .	0
a woman happy about something .	a shirtless woman sleeping .	0
a woman happy about something .	a festival visit .	0
a woman happy about something .	a dad watches ties .	0
a woman happy about something .	a dad 's force . carries a	0
a woman happy about something .	a man is yelling at his rome .	2
a woman happy about something .	a man is yelling at his catch .	2
a woman happy about something .	a man is yelling at his wife .	2
a woman happy about something .	a man is yelling at his marketplace .	2
a woman happy about something .	a man is handling at his wife .	2
the dogs are playing on the bed .	a 13 working with their sheep a sari .	2
the dogs are playing on the bed .	a store dog is taking a guy .	2
the dogs are playing on the bed .	a store working on the bed of belongings .	2
the dogs are playing on the bed .	a store dog is taking a bath off .	2
the dogs are playing on the bed .	a store dog is taking a excited off .	2
the dogs are playing on the bed .	a tractor working is on a bed dinner .	2
the dogs are playing on the bed .	a store working on the bed of passengers .	2
the dogs are playing on the bed .	a store working on the wooden ground flowers .	2
the dogs are playing on the bed .	a new walked vicinity on the internet payphone	2
the dogs are playing on the bed .	a milkshake working on the bed of controls .	2
the dogs are playing on the bed .	a happy officer is on a loom alone .	2
the dogs are playing on the bed .	a dirty working on a front of door .	2
the dogs are playing on the bed .	a store dog is taking a frightened .	2
the dogs are playing on the bed .	a metro walking on the side a door .	2
the dogs are playing on the bed .	a store dog is taking a bath .	2
the dogs are playing on the bed .	a dirty lady is on a front dinner .	2
the dogs are playing on the bed .	a leisurely working on the giant of friends .	2
the dogs are playing on the bed .	a working fell of people on a cd .	2
the dogs are playing on the bed .	a happy brown puppy is taking off fitness .	2
the dogs are playing on the bed .	a store dog is taking a off stadium .	2
the dogs are playing on the bed .	a contruction stunt is on a silver sack .	2
the dogs are playing on the bed .	a highway working on the wooden bed together .	2
the dogs are playing on the bed .	a tractor working is on a train program .	2
the dogs are playing on the bed .	a heated working man on the bed together	2
the dogs are playing on the bed .	a store dog is on the bed completely .	2
the dogs are playing on the bed .	a backhoe walking down on the internet hillside .	2
the dogs are playing on the bed .	a store working on the bed of cops .	2
the dogs are playing on the bed .	a store dog is under a kitchen bridge .	2
the dogs are playing on the bed .	a yankees working on is taking a snowboarding .	2
the dogs are playing on the bed .	a stunt walking on the ox gets away	2
the dogs are playing on the bed .	a walrus working is on the diamond off	2
the dogs are playing on the bed .	a fluffy childeren and adults of leaves .	2
the dogs are playing on the bed .	people club dance balloons spanish . people	0
the dogs are playing on the bed .	people painting a new animal . to	0
the dogs are playing on the bed .	people meeting dance inside co . a	0
the dogs are playing on the bed .	people took turn to entertainers .	0
the dogs are playing on the bed .	people row dance inside india .	0
the dogs are playing on the bed .	there was a practicing inside . boy	0
the dogs are playing on the bed .	there was a hurrying strainer .	0
the dogs are playing on the bed .	people standing together to be .	0
the dogs are playing on the bed .	dogs tennis together inside . a	0
the dogs are playing on the bed .	people standing together telling inside .	0
the dogs are playing on the bed .	people row at a bully .	0
the dogs are playing on the bed .	people standing along inside .	0
the dogs are playing on the bed .	girls performing inside purchasing game . people	0
the dogs are playing on the bed .	people met speaking a vendors . a	0
the dogs are playing on the bed .	twelve took a photo . is	0
the dogs are playing on the bed .	dogs playing together inside . a	0
the dogs are playing on the bed .	picture standing going sprint inside . a	0
the dogs are playing on the bed .	people standing together to be .	0
the dogs are playing on the bed .	people standing together around crowds . a	0
the dogs are playing on the bed .	people waiting out to bears . ascend a bouncy	0
the dogs are playing on the bed .	people finishing a white train . people	0
the dogs are playing on the bed .	people await around white tailgating . of	0
the dogs are playing on the bed .	dogs playing together inside . a	0
the dogs are playing on the bed .	people took together inside . a	0
a woman is observing pictures on a camera .	a tourist has a jacket	0
a woman is observing pictures on a camera .	a glances plays loudly groups	0
a woman is observing pictures on a camera .	a dolphins crossing with a sheriff	0
a woman is observing pictures on a camera .	a sunrise tall a jacket	0
a woman is observing pictures on a camera .	a patriotic men listening to a	0
a woman is observing pictures on a camera .	a tourist play way a crowded street	0
a woman is observing pictures on a camera .	a parent with a pack	0
a woman is observing pictures on a camera .	a dolphins stood with scarf a	0
a woman is observing pictures on a camera .	a tourist sells a blacksmith	0
a woman is observing pictures on a camera .	a golfing completed the camera	0
a woman is observing pictures on a camera .	a crossing women riding loudly	0
a woman is observing pictures on a camera .	a tourist changed with them	0
a woman is observing pictures on a camera .	a court rocks to pitch	0
a woman is observing pictures on a camera .	a tourist plays to begin	0
a woman is observing pictures on a camera .	a mailman unicef too tablet	0
a woman is observing pictures on a camera .	a riot men tends beer	0
a woman is observing pictures on a camera .	a clothed drab to sea	0
a woman is observing pictures on a camera .	a tall women observing camera a	0
a woman is observing pictures on a camera .	a tourist and uniformed some scarves .	0
a woman is observing pictures on a camera .	a cheer tall a jacket	0
a woman is observing pictures on a camera .	a tall woman fabric	0
a woman is observing pictures on a camera .	a tourist play a gymnastic	0
a woman is observing pictures on a camera .	a court listening to boys	0
a woman is observing pictures on a camera .	a wish women grinds the way	0
a woman is observing pictures on a camera .	a tourist plays to surf	0
a woman is observing pictures on a camera .	a crossing women riding briskly	0
a woman is observing pictures on a camera .	a contestant plays to drop	0
a woman is observing pictures on a camera .	a finish drinks to beer	0
a woman is observing pictures on a camera .	a tourist love a camera	0
a woman is observing pictures on a camera .	a toyota women is riding	0
a woman is observing pictures on a camera .	a musician throws a foul	0
a woman is observing pictures on a camera .	a crossing women squat sticks	0
a woman is observing pictures on a camera .	a toyota women riding loudly	0
a woman is observing pictures on a camera .	a killer women rolling steak	0
a woman is observing pictures on a camera .	a crossing running nailing lay	0
a woman is observing pictures on a camera .	a blue-green running to follow	0
a man holding girl at top of a slide	a man is n't know on a swing	2
a man holding girl at top of a slide	a man is allergic a girl on tv .	2
a man holding girl at top of a slide	a man stands at a child on an adventure	2
a man holding girl at top of a slide	a man is n't themselves on a swing set	2
a man holding girl at top of a slide	a man is n't dandelions on a swing .	2
a man holding girl at top of a slide	a man stands at a child on an soap	2
a man holding girl at top of a slide	a child in a mouth on a swing .	2
a man holding girl at top of a slide	a man stands eating a kitchen on sand .	2
a man holding girl at top of a slide	a man is a vehicle on swing in foreground	2
a man holding girl at top of a slide	a man is n't hanging pottery on a doorstep	2
a man holding girl at top of a slide	a man stands a desolate on a swing set	2
a man holding girl at top of a slide	a man stands at a toaster on tv audience	2
a man holding girl at top of a slide	a man is n't hanging <oov> near a butterfly	2
a man holding girl at top of a slide	a man stands eating a rocket on beanbags .	2
a man holding girl at top of a slide	a man stands at a child on an object	2
a man holding girl at top of a slide	a man is n't stained on a swing ride	2
a man holding girl at top of a slide	a child in a pot on a swing .	2
a man holding girl at top of a slide	a man golfer a white scooter on a bike	2
a man holding girl at top of a slide	a man is smiling a hose .	0
a man holding girl at top of a slide	a man is a dark painting . man	0
a man holding girl at top of a slide	a man is a occuring walking . .	0
a man holding girl at top of a slide	a man is n't playing .	0
a man holding girl at top of a slide	a man is smiling a quilt .	0
a man holding girl at top of a slide	a man is smiling a quilt .	0
a man holding girl at top of a slide	a man is smiling a quilt .	0
a man holding girl at top of a slide	a man is hanging a quilt .	0
a man holding girl at top of a slide	a man is a slice . is	0
a man holding girl at top of a slide	a man is hanging lands . attach the	0
a man holding girl at top of a slide	a man is smiling at books . .	0
a man holding girl at top of a slide	a man is a submarine hose .	0
a man holding girl at top of a slide	a man is seated playing .	0
a man holding girl at top of a slide	a man is hanging a hose .	0
a man holding girl at top of a slide	a man is a mover walking . to	0
a man holding girl at top of a slide	a man is hanging forty . <oov>	0
a man holding girl at top of a slide	a man is hanging trunks .	0
a man holding girl at top of a slide	a man is hanging a salmon .	0
a man holding girl at top of a slide	a man is a brunette . is	0
a man holding girl at top of a slide	a man is sitting bite playing .	0
a man holding girl at top of a slide	a man is sitting martial .	0
a man holding girl at top of a slide	a man is n't playing .	0
a man holding girl at top of a slide	a man is near a jr. .	0
a man holding girl at top of a slide	a man is hanging an instrument . a	0
a man holding girl at top of a slide	a man is a roman document . man	0
a man holding girl at top of a slide	a man is a former outside .	0
this man is working with an <oov> .	the man is breaking a weird outside .	1
this man is working with an <oov> .	the man is bored a paper .	1
this man is working with an <oov> .	the man is typing a plane .	1
this man is working with an <oov> .	the man is freshly a weird .	1
this man is working with an <oov> .	the man is typing a jewelry .	1
this man is working with an <oov> .	the man is grading a motorcycle .	1
this man is working with an <oov> .	the man is sunday a motorcycle .	1
this man is working with an <oov> .	the man is typing a oil motorcycle .	1
this man is working with an <oov> .	the man is typing a paper .	1
this man is working with an <oov> .	the man is grading a greenhouse .	1
this man is working with an <oov> .	the man is typing a greenhouse .	1
this man is working with an <oov> .	the man is typing a paper . thinks	1
this man is working with an <oov> .	a man is typing a paper . opera	1
this man is working with an <oov> .	the man is typing a well ridge .	1
this man is working with an <oov> .	the man is typing a paper . nice	1
this man is working with an <oov> .	the man is watering a plane .	1
this man is working with an <oov> .	the man is grading a paper .	1
this man is working with an <oov> .	the man is loading a oil .	1
this man is working with an <oov> .	the man is speeding a yellow project .	1
this man is working with an <oov> .	the man is turned a weird .	1
this man is working with an <oov> .	the man is typing a paper .	1
this man is working with an <oov> .	the man is typing a tow .	1
this man is working with an <oov> .	the man is maintaining a plane .	1
this man is working with an <oov> .	the man is typing a weird .	1
this man is working with an <oov> .	the man is plotting a river .	1
this man is working with an <oov> .	the man is left a paper .	1
this man is working with an <oov> .	the man is typing a plane .	1
this man is working with an <oov> .	the man is typing a paper . of	1
this man is working with an <oov> .	the man is squeezing a plane .	1
this man is working with an <oov> .	the man is typing a motorcycle .	1
this man is working with an <oov> .	the man is ringing around oil .	1
this man is working with an <oov> .	the man has a printer .	2
this man is working with an <oov> .	the man has a unattended	2
this man is working with an <oov> .	the man has a bit .	2
this man is working with an <oov> .	the man has a fancy	2
this man is working with an <oov> .	the man has a robe	2
this man is working with an <oov> .	the man has a hat mix .	2
this man is working with an <oov> .	the man has a packages . to	2
this man is working with an <oov> .	the man has a hat .	2
this man is working with an <oov> .	the man has incomplete remote .	2
this man is working with an <oov> .	the man has a hat	2
this man is working with an <oov> .	the man has a lab	2
this man is working with an <oov> .	the man has a hat	2
this man is working with an <oov> .	the man has a skater .	2
this man is working with an <oov> .	the man has a bit	2
this man is working with an <oov> .	the people are nearby .	2
two little girls dancing on the floor	two ufc couples <oov> attack and dance upwards .	1
two little girls dancing on the floor	a pink maid put on the photography sidewalk	1
two little girls dancing on the floor	two novelty say questions <oov> dance at lambs .	1
two little girls dancing on the floor	two silhouette competition <oov> finishing the white scene .	1
two little girls dancing on the floor	two hippies wrestlers watch their woman dance apparatus .	1
two little girls dancing on the floor	two infested dogs wagon sing and others maybe .	1
two little girls dancing on the floor	a custodian fight is dancing and charging mozart .	1
two little girls dancing on the floor	two silhouette females <oov> pose and an important porch	1
two little girls dancing on the floor	a stone raised runs outside an unfinished guitars	1
two little girls dancing on the floor	a welder feat jesus on the highway level .	1
two little girls dancing on the floor	two bundled females <oov> songs an test sharing .	1
two little girls dancing on the floor	a teen wrecked <oov> dance and various controller .	1
two little girls dancing on the floor	a person videotapes <oov> dance and no speaking .	1
two little girls dancing on the floor	a hawaiian kites runs on the pier floor .	1
two little girls dancing on the floor	two playing walkers on the racetrack .	2
two little girls dancing on the floor	two guys playing on the playground .	2
two little girls dancing on the floor	two artist playing on the shelves .	2
two little girls dancing on the floor	two males playing on the playground .	2
two little girls dancing on the floor	two guys sit on the playground .	2
two little girls dancing on the floor	two games playing on the playground .	2
two little girls dancing on the floor	two guys playing on the playground .	2
two little girls dancing on the floor	two youngsters playing on the dresser .	2
two little girls dancing on the floor	two monkeys playing on the playground .	2
two little girls dancing on the floor	two guys playing on the playground .	2
two little girls dancing on the floor	two playing animals is on the sidewalk .	2
two little girls dancing on the floor	two guys playing on the playground .	2
two little girls dancing on the floor	two guys playing on the playground .	2
two little girls dancing on the floor	two capturing playing on the playground .	2
two little girls dancing on the floor	two guys playing on the playground .	2
two little girls dancing on the floor	two guys playing on the playground .	2
two little girls dancing on the floor	two guys playing on the post .	2
two little girls dancing on the floor	two guys playing on the porch .	2
two little girls dancing on the floor	two guys playing on the playground .	2
two little girls dancing on the floor	two guys playing on the laptops .	2
two little girls dancing on the floor	two dress playing on the playground .	2
two little girls dancing on the floor	two youngsters playing on the shelves . <oov>	2
two little girls dancing on the floor	two males playing on the playground .	2
two little girls dancing on the floor	two animals playing on the playground .	2
two little girls dancing on the floor	two guys playing on the playground .	2
two little girls dancing on the floor	two sprinters playing on the bagpipes .	2
two little girls dancing on the floor	two youngsters playing on the dresser .	2
two little girls dancing on the floor	two cage playing on the playground .	2
two little girls dancing on the floor	two guys playing on the playground .	2
two little girls dancing on the floor	two guys playing on the porch .	2
two little girls dancing on the floor	two playing animals is on the sidewalk .	2
two little girls dancing on the floor	two words playing on the playground .	2
two little girls dancing on the floor	two youngsters playing on the playground .	2
two little girls dancing on the floor	two racehorse playing on the playground .	2
two little girls dancing on the floor	two youngsters playing on the wings .	2
two little girls dancing on the floor	two guys playing on the lighthouse .	2
two little girls dancing on the floor	two youngsters playing on the playground .	2
two little girls dancing on the floor	two guys playing on the playground .	2
large brown dog walking in shallow water .	a brown dog is walking outside .	0
large brown dog walking in shallow water .	a brown dog is walking home outside	0
large brown dog walking in shallow water .	a brown dog is walking to church	0
large brown dog walking in shallow water .	a brown dog is walking to church	0
large brown dog walking in shallow water .	a brown dog is walking his rope	0
large brown dog walking in shallow water .	a brown dog is walking home outside	0
large brown dog walking in shallow water .	a brown dog is walking home outside	0
large brown dog walking in shallow water .	a brown dog is walking home outside .	0
large brown dog walking in shallow water .	a brown dog is walking home outside	0
large brown dog walking in shallow water .	a brown dog is walking to church .	0
large brown dog walking in shallow water .	a brown dog is walking home outside .	0
large brown dog walking in shallow water .	a brown dog is walking home outside	0
large brown dog walking in shallow water .	a man is gossiping to <oov> railroad farm	0
large brown dog walking in shallow water .	a brown dog is walking to church .	0
large brown dog walking in shallow water .	a brown dog is walking home outside .	0
large brown dog walking in shallow water .	a brown dog is walking to church	0
large brown dog walking in shallow water .	a brown dog is walking home outside	0
large brown dog walking in shallow water .	a brown dog is pressing fish outside	0
large brown dog walking in shallow water .	a brown dog is walking home outside .	0
large brown dog walking in shallow water .	a brown dog is walking some art	0
large brown dog walking in shallow water .	a man is walking down to art .	0
large brown dog walking in shallow water .	a man is trying to <oov> art .	0
large brown dog walking in shallow water .	a man is trying wearing masks outside .	0
large brown dog walking in shallow water .	a man is walking down wearing public snow .	0
large brown dog walking in shallow water .	a brown dog is walking home outside .	0
large brown dog walking in shallow water .	a brown dog is wearing <oov> clothes	0
large brown dog walking in shallow water .	a brown dog is walking home outside	0
large brown dog walking in shallow water .	a brown dog is walking <oov> delivery	0
large brown dog walking in shallow water .	a brown dog is walking to church	0
large brown dog walking in shallow water .	a brown dog is walking run outside	0
large brown dog walking in shallow water .	a brown dog is walking home outside	0
large brown dog walking in shallow water .	a brown dog is walking some rival .	0
large brown dog walking in shallow water .	a brown dog is walking home outside .	0
large brown dog walking in shallow water .	a brown dog is walking home outside .	0
large brown dog walking in shallow water .	a brown dog is walking to church	0
large brown dog walking in shallow water .	a brown dog is walking home outside	0
large brown dog walking in shallow water .	a brown dog is walking outside	0
large brown dog walking in shallow water .	a brown dog is walking by tennis	0
large brown dog walking in shallow water .	a brown dog is walking to church	0
large brown dog walking in shallow water .	a brown dog is walking outside drain	0
large brown dog walking in shallow water .	a man is lying on a carpet .	2
large brown dog walking in shallow water .	a group is lying down on a .	2
large brown dog walking in shallow water .	a dog is lying on a carpet .	2
large brown dog walking in shallow water .	a dog is lying on a carpet .	2
large brown dog walking in shallow water .	an animal is in a water	0
large brown dog walking in shallow water .	the girl is in a water	0
large brown dog walking in shallow water .	an animal is in a water	0
large brown dog walking in shallow water .	an animal is in a water	0
large brown dog walking in shallow water .	an animal is in a water .	0
large brown dog walking in shallow water .	an animal is in a water .	0
large brown dog walking in shallow water .	an animal is in a water	0
large brown dog walking in shallow water .	an animal is in a water	0
large brown dog walking in shallow water .	an animal is in a water	0
large brown dog walking in shallow water .	an animal is in a water	0
large brown dog walking in shallow water .	an animal is in a water	0
large brown dog walking in shallow water .	an animal is in a water	0
large brown dog walking in shallow water .	an animal is in a water	0
large brown dog walking in shallow water .	an animal is in a water	0
large brown dog walking in shallow water .	an animal is in a water	0
large brown dog walking in shallow water .	an animal is in a water	0
large brown dog walking in shallow water .	the girl is in a water	0
large brown dog walking in shallow water .	an animal is in a water	0
large brown dog walking in shallow water .	an animal is in a water	0
large brown dog walking in shallow water .	an animal is in a water .	0
large brown dog walking in shallow water .	an animal is in a water	0
large brown dog walking in shallow water .	an animal is in a water	0
large brown dog walking in shallow water .	an animal is in a water	0
large brown dog walking in shallow water .	an animal is in a water	0
large brown dog walking in shallow water .	an animal is in a water	0
large brown dog walking in shallow water .	an animal is in a water	0
large brown dog walking in shallow water .	an animal is in a water	0
large brown dog walking in shallow water .	an animal is in a water .	0
large brown dog walking in shallow water .	an animal is in a water	0
large brown dog walking in shallow water .	an animal is in a water	0
large brown dog walking in shallow water .	an animal is in a water	0
large brown dog walking in shallow water .	an animal is in a water	0
large brown dog walking in shallow water .	an animal is in a water .	0
large brown dog walking in shallow water .	an animal is in a water	0
large brown dog walking in shallow water .	an animal is in a water	0
large brown dog walking in shallow water .	an animal is in a water	0
large brown dog walking in shallow water .	an animal is in a water	0
large brown dog walking in shallow water .	an animal is in a water	0
large brown dog walking in shallow water .	an animal is in a water	0
large brown dog walking in shallow water .	an animal is in a water	0
the players <oov> for the soccer ball .	a ghost witnesses are to pitch the food	0
the players <oov> for the soccer ball .	a man runs to a quick nap dances .	0
the players <oov> for the soccer ball .	a man trying to sign spot the ice .	0
the players <oov> for the soccer ball .	a collie man trying to get the ball .	0
the players <oov> for the soccer ball .	a frisbee runs to a corporate throws ball .	0
the players <oov> for the soccer ball .	a man trying to a custom looking and cheerleaders	0
the players <oov> for the soccer ball .	a man operates a protest to catch sparklers	0
the players <oov> for the soccer ball .	a man trying to leap prep ice prostitutes .	0
the players <oov> for the soccer ball .	a man trying to a mixing classical and crafts	0
the players <oov> for the soccer ball .	a man trying to escape pails technique drinks	0
the players <oov> for the soccer ball .	a man trying to a gate tackle and hungry .	0
the players <oov> for the soccer ball .	a christian were trying to attract the concert	0
the players <oov> for the soccer ball .	a man trying to a basket expressions toe .	0
the players <oov> for the soccer ball .	a man operates a protest applied to lady	0
the players <oov> for the soccer ball .	a man trying to mixing rollerskate the ice .	0
the players <oov> for the soccer ball .	a man trying to a nest ball boom .	0
the players <oov> for the soccer ball .	a man trying to a gate ice mid-air	0
the players <oov> for the soccer ball .	a man trying to sign alot into the water	0
the players <oov> for the soccer ball .	a man trying to scaling snow in ice ring	0
the players <oov> for the soccer ball .	a man trying to a mixing homosexual sheets .	0
the players <oov> for the soccer ball .	a man trying to lounge a nap happy it	0
the players <oov> for the soccer ball .	a man trying a shirt to catch pictures .	0
the players <oov> for the soccer ball .	a man trying to facial cleared container tea .	0
the players <oov> for the soccer ball .	a greeting man attempts to concerned the ice .	0
the players <oov> for the soccer ball .	a man trying to light to tires pictures .	0
the players <oov> for the soccer ball .	a brown dog chases a basket his day .	0
the players <oov> for the soccer ball .	a man trying to a snow ball person .	0
the players <oov> for the soccer ball .	a man trying to light caught the ice ideas	0
the players <oov> for the soccer ball .	a daughter trying to places knee ice overalls	0
the players <oov> for the soccer ball .	a man trying to a load drive candy .	0
the players <oov> for the soccer ball .	<oov> are eating sandwiches down . outside	2
a group of dogs stand in the snow .	there are animals outdoors . .	0
a group of dogs stand in the snow .	there are animals outdoors . .	0
a group of dogs stand in the snow .	there are animals outdoors . .	0
a group of dogs stand in the snow .	there are animals outdoors . .	0
a group of dogs stand in the snow .	there are animals outdoors . .	0
a group of dogs stand in the snow .	there are animals outdoors . .	0
a group of dogs stand in the snow .	there are animals outdoors . .	0
a group of dogs stand in the snow .	there are animals outdoors . .	0
a group of dogs stand in the snow .	there are animals outdoors . .	0
a group of dogs stand in the snow .	there are animals outdoors . .	0
a group of dogs stand in the snow .	there are animals outdoors . .	0
an atv rides over a vast sandy landscape .	the bulding is in his lawn coney	2
an atv rides over a vast sandy landscape .	the decoration is by in his location	2
an atv rides over a vast sandy landscape .	the chef is in his cubicle motorboat .	2
an atv rides over a vast sandy landscape .	the brown-haired is washing in his poodle .	2
an atv rides over a vast sandy landscape .	the road is in his lawn paris .	2
an atv rides over a vast sandy landscape .	the european is visiting by people watching	2
an atv rides over a vast sandy landscape .	the bulldozer is parked in his daughters	2
an atv rides over a vast sandy landscape .	the blurred cycle in his garage conditions .	2
an atv rides over a vast sandy landscape .	the teen is in his lawn observing	2
an atv rides over a vast sandy landscape .	the pit is loving in his waist	2
an atv rides over a vast sandy landscape .	the european is pleased in his garage .	2
an atv rides over a vast sandy landscape .	the mobile rider is in his scary .	2
an atv rides over a vast sandy landscape .	the teen is in his garage riot .	2
an atv rides over a vast sandy landscape .	the hide sank is in his tow .	2
an atv rides over a vast sandy landscape .	the grumpy is parked in his garage .	2
an atv rides over a vast sandy landscape .	the collar is pleased in his garage .	2
an atv rides over a vast sandy landscape .	the waterskier in arctic <oov> is patriotic .	2
an atv rides over a vast sandy landscape .	the decoration is parked in his electric .	2
an atv rides over a vast sandy landscape .	the bull is parked in his attentive	2
an atv rides over a vast sandy landscape .	the color is parked in his minutes .	2
an atv rides over a vast sandy landscape .	the chef is in his cubicle mark .	2
an atv rides over a vast sandy landscape .	the wolf in force is pedaling in bed	2
an atv rides over a vast sandy landscape .	the slide is parked in his chairs	2
an atv rides over a vast sandy landscape .	the european is powered in his llama	2
an atv rides over a vast sandy landscape .	the teen is washing in his garage	2
an atv rides over a vast sandy landscape .	the jockey is parked in his chairs	2
an atv rides over a vast sandy landscape .	the teen is in his garage cavity .	2
an atv rides over a vast sandy landscape .	the rider is outdoors .	0
an atv rides over a vast sandy landscape .	the rider is outdoors .	0
an atv rides over a vast sandy landscape .	the rider is outdoors . at	0
an atv rides over a vast sandy landscape .	the rider is outdoors . the	0
an atv rides over a vast sandy landscape .	the rider is outdoors . to	0
an atv rides over a vast sandy landscape .	the rider is outdoors .	0
an atv rides over a vast sandy landscape .	the rider is outdoors .	0
an atv rides over a vast sandy landscape .	the rider is outdoors . the	0
an atv rides over a vast sandy landscape .	the rider is outdoors . the	0
an atv rides over a vast sandy landscape .	the rider is outdoors . the	0
an atv rides over a vast sandy landscape .	the rider is outdoors .	0
an atv rides over a vast sandy landscape .	the rider is outdoors . is	0
an atv rides over a vast sandy landscape .	the rider is outdoors . the	0
an atv rides over a vast sandy landscape .	the rider is outdoors . the	0
an atv rides over a vast sandy landscape .	the rider is outdoors . to	0
an atv rides over a vast sandy landscape .	the rider is outdoors . the	0
an atv rides over a vast sandy landscape .	the rider is outdoors . the	0
an atv rides over a vast sandy landscape .	the rider is outdoors . the	0
an atv rides over a vast sandy landscape .	the rider is outdoors . at	0
an atv rides over a vast sandy landscape .	the rider is outdoors .	0
an atv rides over a vast sandy landscape .	the rider is outdoors .	0
an atv rides over a vast sandy landscape .	the rider is outdoors . came	0
an atv rides over a vast sandy landscape .	the rider is outdoors . to	0
an atv rides over a vast sandy landscape .	the rider is outdoors . is	0
an atv rides over a vast sandy landscape .	the rider is outdoors .	0
an atv rides over a vast sandy landscape .	the rider is outdoors . the	0
an atv rides over a vast sandy landscape .	the rider is outdoors . to	0
an atv rides over a vast sandy landscape .	the rider is outdoors . ladder	0
an atv rides over a vast sandy landscape .	the rider is outdoors . the	0
an atv rides over a vast sandy landscape .	the rider is outdoors . the	0
an atv rides over a vast sandy landscape .	the rider is outdoors . `	0
an atv rides over a vast sandy landscape .	the rider is outdoors . the	0
a boy plays basketball .	a boy is playing football . in	2
a boy plays basketball .	a boy is playing football . at	2
a boy plays basketball .	a boy is playing football . a	2
a boy plays basketball .	a boy is playing football .	2
a boy plays basketball .	a boy is going to pitch the food	1
a boy plays basketball .	a tall is going to grab the food .	1
a boy plays basketball .	a boy is going to film heineken .	1
a boy plays basketball .	a boy is going to film island .	1
a boy jumps on the beach .	a man is cleaning .	0
a boy jumps on the beach .	a man is cleaning . a	0
a boy jumps on the beach .	a man is cleaning . a	0
a boy jumps on the beach .	a man is startled someone . to	0
a boy jumps on the beach .	a boy is in air . to	0
a boy jumps on the beach .	a man is cleaning . is	0
a boy jumps on the beach .	a man is cleaning . is	0
a boy jumps on the beach .	a man is in someone . people	0
a boy jumps on the beach .	a man is cleaning .	0
a boy jumps on the beach .	a man is cleaning .	0
a boy jumps on the beach .	a man is cleaning . a	0
a boy jumps on the beach .	a man is cleaning . threw	0
a boy jumps on the beach .	a man is cleaning . a	0
a boy jumps on the beach .	a boy is cleaning . is	0
a boy jumps on the beach .	a boy is cleaning . a	0
a boy jumps on the beach .	a boy is cleaning . is	0
a boy jumps on the beach .	a man is in school .	0
a boy jumps on the beach .	a man is startled in . to	0
two dogs run across the woods .	the dogs package is on the snow-covered	2
two dogs run across the woods .	the dogs chews on onions youtube the bed .	2
two dogs run across the woods .	the dogs chews on the carpet	2
two dogs run across the woods .	the dogs opposite shows on the watercolors	2
two dogs run across the woods .	the dogs deep down on the dishwasher	2
two dogs run across the woods .	the dogs formed old on the hillside	2
two dogs run across the woods .	the dogs deep down on the rug	2
two dogs run across the woods .	the dogs student is on the escalators	2
two dogs run across the woods .	the dogs fetched is on the cheerleading	2
two dogs run across the woods .	the dogs laid is on the trays	2
two dogs run across the woods .	the dogs skiis is on the escalators	2
two dogs run across the woods .	the dogs chews on rowing the patient	2
two dogs run across the woods .	the dogs balance on lion begins	2
two dogs run across the woods .	a recently digging around the forest .	0
two dogs run across the woods .	a jack forward around the sand .	0
two dogs run across the woods .	a walk pops around her infant .	0
two dogs run across the woods .	their mimes around a mass confetti .	0
two dogs run across the woods .	the guitar run around around rivals .	0
two dogs run across the woods .	a light-colored is river around two .	0
two dogs run across the woods .	a cadet comedian around her zebra .	0
two dogs run across the woods .	road wheels around a city park .	0
two dogs run across the woods .	a skydiver is around her guy .	0
two dogs run across the woods .	a drummer is around indoors gone .	0
two dogs run across the woods .	a walk around a pasture indoors .	0
two dogs run across the woods .	a walk holes around the free .	0
two dogs run across the woods .	a walk around a bracelet suitcase .	0
two dogs run across the woods .	a guitar run around her lover .	0
two dogs run across the woods .	a drummer is upset in forest .	0
two dogs run across the woods .	a confused speaks around her bmw .	0
two dogs run across the woods .	a keeping guitar around her grandchild .	0
two dogs run across the woods .	the costumed dogs around microscopes indoors .	0
two dogs run across the woods .	the eagles run around the racetrack .	0
two dogs run across the woods .	a city servers around in mexico .	0
two dogs run across the woods .	a guitar races around in bars .	0
two dogs run across the woods .	a drummer is around indoors homes .	0
two dogs run across the woods .	a guitar run around reporter ouside . 's	0
two dogs run across the woods .	a confused panting around by handle .	0
two dogs run across the woods .	a walk around a stream indoors .	0
two dogs run across the woods .	a panting ate around her smoothies .	0
two dogs run across the woods .	a walk along around with bob .	0
two dogs run across the woods .	a buddhist wetsuit around the theme .	0
two dogs run across the woods .	a cop serves around in jerseys .	0
two dogs run across the woods .	a cowgirl is relaxing around ladders .	0
two dogs run across the woods .	a keeping drummer around in forest .	0
two dogs run across the woods .	the dogs are running walking past backpacks inside	1
two dogs run across the woods .	the dogs are running dogs really task	1
two dogs run across the woods .	another woman was running tasks arm this terrain	1
two dogs run across the woods .	the dogs are running walking past her kid	1
two dogs run across the woods .	their are dogs running around getting domino .	1
two dogs run across the woods .	two it 's are four dead motorcycles	1
two dogs run across the woods .	two man are women signature a car mailbox .	1
two dogs run across the woods .	two man are running walking past oregon	1
two dogs run across the woods .	the man 's four are dribbling nothing	1
two dogs run across the woods .	an man filled a stroll are blizzard .	1
two dogs run across the woods .	the homeless woman running after low racing bikes .	1
two dogs run across the woods .	their woman standing <oov> table outside great .	1
two dogs run across the woods .	the dogs are running after hugging sit	1
two dogs run across the woods .	two man are running after playing melons shelves .	1
two dogs run across the woods .	two downhill are dogs home passing an event .	1
two dogs run across the woods .	the homeless 's are four yardwork ! .	1
two dogs run across the woods .	two lady are running dogs watch tv .	1
two dogs run across the woods .	the homeless woman running home carry bouncer .	1
two dogs run across the woods .	their caucasian man are escaped located wreck ?	1
two men talk outdoors .	there are men space	0
two men talk outdoors .	there are men transportation	0
two men talk outdoors .	there are men work	0
two men talk outdoors .	there are men work	0
two men talk outdoors .	there are men outside	0
two men talk outdoors .	there are men outside	0
two men talk outdoors .	there are men outside	0
two men talk outdoors .	there are men outside	0
two men talk outdoors .	there are men outside	0
two men talk outdoors .	there are men outside	0
two men talk outdoors .	there are men outside	0
two men talk outdoors .	there are men work	0
two men talk outdoors .	there are men work	0
two men talk outdoors .	there are men work	0
two men talk outdoors .	there are men outside	0
two men talk outdoors .	there are men outside	0
two men talk outdoors .	there are men outside	0
two men talk outdoors .	there are men outside	0
two men talk outdoors .	there are men outside	0
two men talk outdoors .	there are men outside	0
two men talk outdoors .	there are men awful	0
two men talk outdoors .	there are men outside	0
two men talk outdoors .	there are men work	0
two men talk outdoors .	there are men outside	0
two men talk outdoors .	there are men outside	0
two men talk outdoors .	there are men outside	0
two men talk outdoors .	there are men outside	0
two men talk outdoors .	there are men tear	0
two men talk outdoors .	there are men outside .	0
two men talk outdoors .	there are men outside	0
two men talk outdoors .	there are men outside	0
two men talk outdoors .	there are men outside	0
two men talk outdoors .	there are men outside	0
two men talk outdoors .	there are men outside	0
two men talk outdoors .	there are men outside	0
two men talk outdoors .	there are men work	0
two men talk outdoors .	there are men skip	0
two men talk outdoors .	there are men outside	0
two men talk outdoors .	there are men outside .	0
two men talk outdoors .	there are men feelings	0
two men talk outdoors .	a group of people holding liquids out .	1
two men talk outdoors .	a group of men wear their wives .	1
two men talk outdoors .	a men carry laying tubing down steps .	1
two men talk outdoors .	a men moving sleeping at once pizza .	1
two men talk outdoors .	a group men are looking at out	1
two men talk outdoors .	a group of men wear cells giraffes .	1
two men talk outdoors .	a group of people stand route raft .	1
two men talk outdoors .	a group of men raising their jobs .	1
two men talk outdoors .	a men talking about leaves at church .	1
two men talk outdoors .	a group men are looking at looms .	1
two men talk outdoors .	a group of people nearby out scribbling	1
two men talk outdoors .	a men talking about invasion out 55 .	1
two men talk outdoors .	a men talking about slot out shampoo .	1
two men talk outdoors .	a group men are looking at out .	1
two men talk outdoors .	a group of people nearby landscapes out	1
two men talk outdoors .	a group people about treats at ground	1
two men talk outdoors .	a group of people holding flags out .	1
two men talk outdoors .	a group of men looking at out pastries	1
two men talk outdoors .	a group of people nearby out weed .	1
two men talk outdoors .	a men talking about everything crosscountry together .	1
a dog jumping over a beam	an animal <oov> robot . is	0
a dog jumping over a beam	an animal <oov> jumping .	0
a dog jumping over a beam	an animal <oov> jumping .	0
a dog jumping over a beam	there is a rolls . ancient	0
a dog jumping over a beam	an animal is jumping .	0
a dog jumping over a beam	an animal <oov> jumping .	0
a dog jumping over a beam	an animal is jumping .	0
a dog jumping over a beam	an animal jumping high .	0
a dog jumping over a beam	an animal is jumping .	0
a dog jumping over a beam	an animal <oov> jumping .	0
a dog jumping over a beam	an animal is jumping .	0
a dog jumping over a beam	an animal <oov> jumping .	0
a dog jumping over a beam	an animal <oov> jumping .	0
a dog jumping over a beam	an animal <oov> jumping .	0
a dog jumping over a beam	an animal <oov> school .	0
a dog jumping over a beam	an animal is jumping .	0
a dog jumping over a beam	an animal jumping rope .	0
a dog jumping over a beam	there the woman stopped .	0
a dog jumping over a beam	an animal is jumping .	0
a dog jumping over a beam	an animal in spain .	0
a dog jumping over a beam	an animal is jumping .	0
a dog jumping over a beam	an animal <oov> jumping .	0
a dog jumping over a beam	stray an <oov> bird .	0
a dog jumping over a beam	an animal is jumping .	0
a dog jumping over a beam	an animal is jumping .	0
a dog jumping over a beam	an animal running jumping .	0
a dog jumping over a beam	an animal is jumping .	0
a dog jumping over a beam	an animal stories all .	0
a dog jumping over a beam	an animal jumping paragliding . .	0
a dog jumping over a beam	an animal <oov> jumping .	0
a dog jumping over a beam	an animal <oov> jumping .	0
a dog jumping over a beam	an animal <oov> jumping .	0
a dog jumping over a beam	an animal running jumping .	0
a dog jumping over a beam	an animal <oov> jumping .	0
a dog jumping over a beam	an animal is jumping .	0
a dog jumping over a beam	an animal in wind . .	0
a dog jumping over a beam	an animal <oov> jumping .	0
a dog jumping over a beam	an animal is jumping .	0
a dog jumping over a beam	an animal is jumping .	0
a dog jumping over a beam	an fleeing man is skated .	2
a dog jumping over a beam	an equestrian lying atop down . to	2
a dog jumping over a beam	an alien boy is expensive .	2
a dog jumping over a beam	an giant boy lying down . to an	2
a dog jumping over a beam	an tiny boy is visibility . fenced-in	2
a dog jumping over a beam	an quarterback boy is cleaned .	2
a dog jumping over a beam	an alien is lying down . the	2
a dog jumping over a beam	an artist man is upset .	2
a dog jumping over a beam	an ugly person doing farther . <oov>	2
a dog jumping over a beam	an parent is lying down .	2
a woman wearing sunglasses .	a woman is speaking to shoes .	2
a woman wearing sunglasses .	a woman is speaking to racetrack .	2
a woman wearing sunglasses .	a woman is speaking to park .	2
a woman wearing sunglasses .	a woman is speaking corn .	2
a woman wearing sunglasses .	a woman is speaking to fly .	2
a woman wearing sunglasses .	a woman is speaking to park .	2
a woman wearing sunglasses .	a woman is speaking to smokes .	2
a woman wearing sunglasses .	a woman is protected outside . a	2
a woman wearing sunglasses .	a woman is speaking outside . a	2
a woman wearing sunglasses .	a woman is speaking to park .	2
a woman wearing sunglasses .	a woman is speaking outdoors . a	2
a woman wearing sunglasses .	a woman is speaking outdoors . a	2
a woman wearing sunglasses .	a woman is speaking to park .	2
a woman wearing sunglasses .	a woman is speaking unusual . a	2
a woman wearing sunglasses .	a woman is speaking using .	2
a woman wearing sunglasses .	a woman is speaking to park .	2
a woman wearing sunglasses .	a woman is speaking outside . a	2
a woman wearing sunglasses .	a woman is speaking outside . a	2
a woman wearing sunglasses .	a group having a crowd filled of camels .	0
a woman wearing sunglasses .	a boy is wearing a scenic of sunglasses	0
a woman wearing sunglasses .	a rabbit is wearing a ring of fun .	0
a woman wearing sunglasses .	a stunt man wearing a parka barrel area .	0
a woman wearing sunglasses .	a white man wearing a lack of sunglasses .	0
a woman wearing sunglasses .	a woman is wearing a magnifying swimming happily	0
a woman wearing sunglasses .	a woman is wearing a sombrero <oov> cart .	0
a woman wearing sunglasses .	a woman is wearing a gulf <oov> homemade .	0
a woman wearing sunglasses .	a group having a crowd of art runners .	0
a woman wearing sunglasses .	a woman is wearing a gulf <oov> tickets .	0
a woman wearing sunglasses .	a team chases a conference of a camel .	0
a woman wearing sunglasses .	a woman is wearing a gulf board paint .	0
a woman wearing sunglasses .	a not wearing a vest rides a ramp .	0
a woman wearing sunglasses .	a man is wearing a bunny filled free	0
a woman wearing sunglasses .	a woman is wearing a afro <oov> tube	0
a woman wearing sunglasses .	a woman is wearing a sunning filled chair .	0
a woman wearing sunglasses .	a group having a crowd of art north	0
a woman wearing sunglasses .	a woman is wearing a parka <oov> handrail .	0
a woman wearing sunglasses .	a woman is wearing a prom <oov> free .	0
a woman wearing sunglasses .	a woman is wearing a bunny filled signs .	0
a woman wearing sunglasses .	a group having a crowd rides a free .	0
a woman wearing sunglasses .	a woman is wearing a pointer church made .	0
a woman wearing sunglasses .	a people enjoying a starving of swimming earlier .	0
a woman wearing sunglasses .	a woman is wearing a gulf <oov> signs	0
a woman wearing sunglasses .	a woman is wearing a dolly <oov> paved .	0
a woman wearing sunglasses .	a woman is wearing a swimsuit swimming underwater .	0
a woman wearing sunglasses .	a ups men eating a book of concrete .	0
a woman wearing sunglasses .	a woman is wearing a bra of sunglasses	0
a woman wearing sunglasses .	a weird wearing a swimsuit is swimming underwater .	0
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is on a public stove .	1
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is on a couch rope .	1
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is on a couch frisbee .	1
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is on a couch couch .	1
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is on a opposite team .	1
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is on a black-haired couch .	1
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is on a tees and dog	1
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is on a couch frisbee .	1
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is on a soccer team .	1
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is on a soccer team .	1
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is on a cookie blue stove	1
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is on a lawnmower couch .	1
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is on a opposite team .	1
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is on a cookie couch .	1
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is on a dishwasher and rope	1
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is on a south and getting .	1
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is on a soccer team .	1
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is on a public scotland .	1
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is on a soccer team .	1
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is on a cookie couch .	1
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is on a opposite and dog .	1
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is on a soccer team . .	1
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is on a 360 fire .	1
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is on a purses , .	1
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is on a couch fire .	1
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is on a i and dog	1
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is on the tracks .	0
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is on the tracks .	0
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is on the tracks .	0
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is on the tire .	0
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is on the tracks .	0
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is on the tracks .	0
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is on the field .	0
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is on the tracks .	0
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is on the tire .	0
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is on the m .	0
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is on the mph .	0
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is on the tracks .	0
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is on the tracks .	0
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is on the field .	0
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is on the tire .	0
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is on the screen .	0
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is on the atm .	0
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is on the tracks .	0
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is on the sheets .	0
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is on the tracks .	0
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the boy is on the tracks .	0
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is on the tracks .	0
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is on the tracks .	0
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is on the tire .	0
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is on the field .	0
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is on the tire .	0
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is on the tire .	0
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is on the tracks .	0
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is on the tracks .	0
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is on the tracks .	0
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the boy is on the tracks .	0
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is on the tracks .	0
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is on the tracks .	0
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is on the tracks .	0
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the boy is on the eyebrows .	0
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is on the tracks .	0
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is on the tracks .	0
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is on the tracks .	0
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is on the mud .	0
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is on a kazoo watching mules .	2
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is on a sandy beach blanket	2
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is sail on a beach seductress .	2
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is on a big tree challenge	2
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is on a graffiti watching track .	2
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is on a criminal baseball field .	2
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is on a bar near something	2
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is on a cab with lane .	2
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is on a overlooking lift bumper .	2
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is on a path with chairlift .	2
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is on a bar tray near something	2
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is inside on a four-wheeler beach .	2
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is inside on a german truck .	2
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is on a overlooking with skateboards .	2
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is cab on a beach machine .	2
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is on a predator watching track .	2
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is on a terrified 25 rate .	2
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is on a four-wheeler overhang bat .	2
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is on a cat with skateboards .	2
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is on a bar outdoors blanket .	2
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is replaces on a baseball bat .	2
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is on a big lake hanging .	2
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is on a criminal with truck .	2
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is on a boxer hanging skiing .	2
a boy posing on the soccer field .	the man is on a kazoo with friends	2
a young man does tricks on his skateboard .	a seal preforms with <oov> .	0
a young man does tricks on his skateboard .	a foot swings in what . a	0
a young man does tricks on his skateboard .	a folk hidden in street . before	0
a young man does tricks on his skateboard .	a farmers swings in robbers . a	0
a young man does tricks on his skateboard .	a youth covered in italy . without	0
a young man does tricks on his skateboard .	a british wearing comic <oov> .	0
a young man does tricks on his skateboard .	a youth covered in robin <oov> .	0
a young man does tricks on his skateboard .	a youth covered in italy . not	0
a young man does tricks on his skateboard .	a quarterback driving on rocks . to	0
a young man does tricks on his skateboard .	a youth alone in <oov> . has	0
a young man does tricks on his skateboard .	a convertible excitedly in <oov> . across	0
a young man does tricks on his skateboard .	a librarian napping in <oov> . at	0
a young man does tricks on his skateboard .	a quarterback driving in riding .	0
a young man does tricks on his skateboard .	a scary technician in <oov> . <oov>	0
a young man does tricks on his skateboard .	a youth alone in <oov> . is	0
a young man does tricks on his skateboard .	a limo wrapped in a bar .	0
a young man does tricks on his skateboard .	a youth hands in <oov> . and	0
a young man does tricks on his skateboard .	a farmers appears in <oov> . to	0
a young man does tricks on his skateboard .	a youth alone in <oov> . to	0
a young man does tricks on his skateboard .	a folk navy at <oov> .	0
a young man does tricks on his skateboard .	a geyser napping in their outfit . frown	0
a young man does tricks on his skateboard .	a youth covered in italy . to	0
a young man does tricks on his skateboard .	a youth covered in tricks . to a	0
a young man does tricks on his skateboard .	a tugboat site in <oov> . outside	0
a young man does tricks on his skateboard .	a starting attacks in italy . <oov>	0
a young man does tricks on his skateboard .	a crowed swings in showers . to	0
a young man does tricks on his skateboard .	a shoeless puzzle in ribbons . a	0
a young man does tricks on his skateboard .	a youth alone in <oov> . ,	0
a young man does tricks on his skateboard .	a hose swings in tall . does	0
a young man does tricks on his skateboard .	a youth embraces on a <oov> .	0
a young man does tricks on his skateboard .	a perosn grab in <oov> .	0
a young man does tricks on his skateboard .	a businessman driving in atmosphere .	0
a young man does tricks on his skateboard .	a political likes in pads . balls	0
a young man does tricks on his skateboard .	a president going in asia . <oov>	0
a young man does tricks on his skateboard .	a youth alone in <oov> . is	0
a young boy in suspenders .	the boy 's are excited extended .	1
a young boy in suspenders .	the boy 's are handbook . people	1
a young boy in suspenders .	the boy 's are babysitting . and	1
a young boy in suspenders .	the boy 's serious are boundary .	1
a young boy in suspenders .	the boy 's striped are . people turkey	1
a young boy in suspenders .	the boy 's are travelling . people	1
a young boy in suspenders .	the boy 's are pigeons . people	1
a young boy in suspenders .	the boy 's son are . is	1
a young boy in suspenders .	the boy 's fingernails are outside .	1
a young boy in suspenders .	the boy 's hiking are outside .	1
a young boy in suspenders .	the boy 's sharing are blue .	1
a young boy in suspenders .	the boy 's make-up are blue .	1
a young boy in suspenders .	the boy 's motionless are . boy .	1
a young boy in suspenders .	the boy 's are even . him	1
a young boy in suspenders .	the boy 's cells are blue .	1
a child stuck up in a tree .	a person is sawing down a hallway ride .	2
a child stuck up in a tree .	a person is wearign down a shady pipe .	2
a child stuck up in a tree .	a person is sawing a peach dell statue .	2
a child stuck up in a tree .	a man is sawing down a telephone pole	2
a child stuck up in a tree .	a person is presenting down a street puddle .	2
a child stuck up in a tree .	a man is sawing down a telephone segway .	2
a child stuck up in a tree .	a man is sawing down a telephone pole .	2
a child stuck up in a tree .	a man is sawing down a telephone pole water	2
a child stuck up in a tree .	a man is sawing down a diet outdoor .	2
a child stuck up in a tree .	a man is dissecting down a shady soccer .	2
a child stuck up in a tree .	a person is sawing down a o ramp .	2
a child stuck up in a tree .	a person is basking down a telephone pole	2
a child stuck up in a tree .	a person is down stocking near a bull .	2
a child stuck up in a tree .	a man is welding down a telephone kiosk	2
a child stuck up in a tree .	a person is also open a smiling discovery .	2
a child stuck up in a tree .	a man is sawing down a monk ramp .	2
a child stuck up in a tree .	a man is extreme down a net pole .	2
a child stuck up in a tree .	a man is researching a black picks pole	2
a child stuck up in a tree .	a man is sawing down a campfire vat .	2
a child stuck up in a tree .	a person is also down a colored goal .	2
a child stuck up in a tree .	a man is scoring a memorial from turkey	2
a child stuck up in a tree .	a man is sawing down a telephone hallway	2
a child stuck up in a tree .	a man is sawing down a telephone pole .	2
a woman holding a newborn baby .	man greeting packing	2
a woman holding a newborn baby .	man jet fast .	2
a woman holding a newborn baby .	man picking mask pass	2
a woman holding a newborn baby .	man chews poles	2
a woman holding a newborn baby .	woman holds baby	0
a woman holding a newborn baby .	woman holds baby	0
a woman holding a newborn baby .	woman holds apple	0
a woman holding a newborn baby .	woman holds baby cries	0
a woman holding a newborn baby .	woman holds baby command	0
a woman holding a newborn baby .	woman in harnesses	0
a woman holding a newborn baby .	woman holds operating	0
a woman holding a newborn baby .	woman holds vests .	0
a woman holding a newborn baby .	woman walks newborn .	0
a woman holding a newborn baby .	woman holds baby	0
a woman holding a newborn baby .	woman holds free	0
a woman holding a newborn baby .	woman holds presidents	0
a woman holding a newborn baby .	woman holds stories	0
a woman holding a newborn baby .	woman holds baby	0
a woman holding a newborn baby .	woman on pathway	0
a woman holding a newborn baby .	woman holds baby	0
a woman holding a newborn baby .	woman holds baby .	0
a woman holding a newborn baby .	woman holds baby	0
a woman holding a newborn baby .	woman holds baby	0
a woman holding a newborn baby .	woman holds theme	0
a woman holding a newborn baby .	woman holds baby	0
a woman holding a newborn baby .	woman holds baby shotgun	0
a woman holding a newborn baby .	woman holds baby	0
a woman holding a newborn baby .	woman holds free .	0
a woman holding a newborn baby .	woman holds baby	0
a woman holding a newborn baby .	woman holds mickey .	0
a woman holding a newborn baby .	woman holds baby .	0
a woman holding a newborn baby .	woman holds baby	0
a woman holding a newborn baby .	woman holds baby	0
a woman holding a newborn baby .	woman holds baby .	0
a woman holding a newborn baby .	woman holds baby swimwear	0
a woman holding a newborn baby .	woman in free old-fashioned	0
a woman holding a newborn baby .	woman holds baby	0
a woman holding a newborn baby .	woman holds baby incident	0
a woman holding a newborn baby .	woman holds baby	0
a woman holding a newborn baby .	woman holds ad	0
a woman holding a newborn baby .	woman holds baby .	0
a woman holding a newborn baby .	woman holds small peanut	0
a woman holding a newborn baby .	woman holds baby .	0
a woman holding a newborn baby .	woman holds baby	0
the small dog is running across the lawn .	a dog is chasing a ball . newlyweds	1
the small dog is running across the lawn .	a dog is chasing a ball . a	1
the small dog is running across the lawn .	a cat is running on a van .	2
the small dog is running across the lawn .	a cycling is running through kimono .	0
the small dog is running across the lawn .	a mammal is running through snow .	0
the small dog is running across the lawn .	a german is running through badly .	0
the small dog is running across the lawn .	a parent is running through the weather .	0
the small dog is running across the lawn .	a balloon is running through the weekend .	0
the small dog is running across the lawn .	a cake is running through rings storefront .	0
the small dog is running across the lawn .	a cake is running through scottish boa .	0
3 people are shopping in a market .	there are people at a market . to	0
3 people are shopping in a market .	there are people at a market . to	0
3 people are shopping in a market .	there are people at a market . .	0
3 people are shopping in a market .	there are people at a market . woman	0
3 people are shopping in a market .	there are people at a market . to	0
3 people are shopping in a market .	there are people at a market . tickling	0
3 people are shopping in a market .	the three women are watching again .	2
3 people are shopping in a market .	the three women are watching television .	2
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	the ocean folds to <oov> his arms .	2
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	the ocean maker is blue preaching .	2
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	the street turned to the blue street .	2
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	the ocean wore to <oov> walls .	2
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	the ocean grabbing to <oov> walls .	2
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	the gang were painted the <oov> .	2
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	the ocean wheelbarrows white <oov> to pets .	2
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	the ocean fires white <oov> the court .	2
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	the ocean could roast the blue street .	2
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	a craftsman game wears her blue plays .	2
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	the church played to <oov> enter .	2
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	a teenager swims yawns the blue street .	2
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	the ocean soars to street <oov> . <oov>	2
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	the ocean owner to little <oov> .	2
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	the ocean sails at the blue street .	2
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	the street audience 16 in blue play .	2
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	the ordinary eats owner to the church .	2
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	the adults swims inflating the <oov> .	2
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	the ocean maker grandmothers in blue .	2
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	the ocean swims to little <oov> .	2
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	the young artist wrapped in blue ribbon .	2
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	the ocean wore to <oov> his aunt .	2
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	the ocean wore costumes in the park .	2
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	the ocean starring to little <oov> .	2
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	the ordinary showed next to <oov> .	2
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	the ocean cycles to little girls .	2
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	the church eats monthly in the wilderness .	2
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	the ocean responding to little girls .	2
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	the male makes white <oov> plays .	2
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	the ocean rival clothes <oov> the .	2
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	the church also played <oov> to .	2
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	the ocean praising to blue <oov> .	2
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	the street laborer next to <oov> .	2
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	it the sunset partner .	1
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	it is the disabled .	1
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	it is the vacuum .	1
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	their is the fisherman .	1
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	it is the valley .	1
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	it is the disco .	1
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	it is the disabled . to	1
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	a and is ouside .	1
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	it is the backstroke . football	1
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	it is the phones .	1
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	it is the cruise . the football is	1
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	a go-kart is maintaining . is	1
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	the wakeboarder is dreaming .	1
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	it is the english .	1
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	it is the seats .	1
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	it is the backstroke .	1
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	it is the once .	1
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	it is the metropolis .	1
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	it is the patio .	1
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	it is the duty .	1
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	it is the reindeer .	1
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	it is the phones .	1
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	it is the disabled .	1
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	a veteran is contemplating . is	1
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	it is the multitasking .	1
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	the is panting ouside .	1
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	it is the sunlight .	1
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	a boy is licking record and fencing .	0
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	a boy is jealous construct and one axe .	0
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	some man is boarding one and walks .	0
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	a boy is pouting badly and walks .	0
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	a boy is exhausted mandolin and an obstacle .	0
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	a boy is attempting repairing and shower cars .	0
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	some person is developing where and an soaked .	0
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	a boy is crazy tracks and juice .	0
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	a boy is attempting stains and being barbecuing .	0
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	some people wearing brown ties and an unhappy .	0
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	some man is boarding spongebob and bulls .	0
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	a boy is attempting back and giggling	0
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	some person is mean accordion and slept .	0
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	some person is attempting outdoors and sister	0
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	a boy is attempting scale and alligator	0
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	a boy is frowning speaking and forces	0
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	some person is attempting sidewalk and waiting .	0
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	a boy is conducting involves and smashed .	0
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	a boy is attempting picket and moving .	0
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	some man is boarding lettuce and singers tear .	0
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	a boy is gesturing fiddling and forces	0
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	some person is about boarding and an axe	0
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	a boy is inspects raised and racing	0
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	some man is boarding outdoors and icing	0
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	some man is attempting and gates in hammock	0
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	a boy is concerned involves and shower	0
swimming in the wide blue ocean .	a boy is attempting sponsored on the bench .	0
a bird is perched on a tree branch .	a squirrel plays patrolling behind .	2
a bird is perched on a tree branch .	a masterpiece plays on a boardwalk . of	2
a bird is perched on a tree branch .	a squirrel plays pray by . . a	2
a bird is perched on a tree branch .	a squirrel plays mexican a .	2
a bird is perched on a tree branch .	a squirrel plays move a . wears horseshoe	2
a bird is perched on a tree branch .	a younger man is sanding . <oov>	2
a bird is perched on a tree branch .	a squirrel plays twister by . <oov> hikers	2
a bird is perched on a tree branch .	a squirrel plays a tree . to a	2
a bird is perched on a tree branch .	a squirrel plays tunes on . donkeys	2
a bird is perched on a tree branch .	a squirrel plays a tree . <oov>	2
a bird is perched on a tree branch .	a squirrel plays on a lap . to	2
a bird is perched on a tree branch .	a squirrel plays on a stove . to	2
a bird is perched on a tree branch .	a squirrel plays move a . is	2
a bird is perched on a tree branch .	a younger plays clip down .	2
a bird is perched on a tree branch .	a squirrel plays on a pig . groups	2
a bird is perched on a tree branch .	a squirrel plays under a tree . a	2
a bird is perched on a tree branch .	a stewardess plays lawn on . a	2
a bird is perched on a tree branch .	a squirrel plays move a . a	2
a bird is perched on a tree branch .	a squirrel plays nuns a . basketball	2
a bird is perched on a tree branch .	a squirrel plays a tree . is	2
a bird is perched on a tree branch .	a younger man is off-road .	2
a bird is perched on a tree branch .	a squirrel plays on a pig . carts	2
a bird is perched on a tree branch .	a squirrel plays twister a . is	2
three children in a black dog kennel .	there are dogs in the kennel .	2
three children in a black dog kennel .	there are dogs in the kennel .	2
three children in a black dog kennel .	there are dogs in the kennel .	2
three children in a black dog kennel .	there are dogs in the ground .	2
three children in a black dog kennel .	the man imitates a helmet . a	1
three children in a black dog kennel .	the man with a cute . frown buddy	1
three children in a black dog kennel .	the man with a cleveland . a	1
three children in a black dog kennel .	a man gone a beaded . her	1
three children in a black dog kennel .	the man with a flies . they	1
three children in a black dog kennel .	the man with a employee . shitzu	1
three children in a black dog kennel .	the man with a beast . 's	1
three children in a black dog kennel .	a man is carrying something .	1
three children in a black dog kennel .	the man with a wizard grace . .	1
three children in a black dog kennel .	the man with a civilian . tractor	1
three children in a black dog kennel .	the man is a flag . outside	1
three children in a black dog kennel .	the man with a chiseling . <oov>	1
three children in a black dog kennel .	the man with a tightrope . drug it	1
three children in a black dog kennel .	the man with a wizard . teaching is	1
three children in a black dog kennel .	the man with a spiderman ad . a	1
three children in a black dog kennel .	the man with a flies . a	1
three children in a black dog kennel .	the man with a weapon . a	1
three children in a black dog kennel .	the man with a broken customer . a	1
three children in a black dog kennel .	the man with a tightrope . a	1
three children in a black dog kennel .	the man with a preacher . across	1
three children in a black dog kennel .	the man with a flies . <oov> helicopter	1
three children in a black dog kennel .	a man knits a megaphone . a	1
three children in a black dog kennel .	the man with a husky . not	1
three children in a black dog kennel .	the man with a stroller . apart alligator biker	1
three children in a black dog kennel .	the man with a flies . a	1
three children in a black dog kennel .	the man with a curtain building . across	1
three children in a black dog kennel .	the man glad a wand . a	1
three children in a black dog kennel .	the man splashed a helmet . young	1
three children in a black dog kennel .	the man with a smart . <oov>	1
three children in a black dog kennel .	the man with a monitor . a	1
three children in a black dog kennel .	the man with a former . her	1
three children in a black dog kennel .	the man with a flies . is	1
three children in a black dog kennel .	the man with a makeup . <oov>	1
three children in a black dog kennel .	the man with a wheels . is	1
three children in a black dog kennel .	the man with a monitor . because <oov>	1
three children in a black dog kennel .	the man crafting a lantern .	1
three children in a black dog kennel .	the man with a flies . warming tool	1
a man holds two children in his arms .	three humans together . .	0
a man holds two children in his arms .	three humans together . .	0
a man holds two children in his arms .	three humans together . . .	0
a man holds two children in his arms .	three break over . . .	0
a man holds two children in his arms .	three humans together . .	0
a man holds two children in his arms .	three humans together . . .	0
little boy peering into a glass display case .	a boy looks in a case .	0
little boy peering into a glass display case .	a boy looks is a handshake .	0
little boy peering into a glass display case .	a boy looks is a battleship .	0
little boy peering into a glass display case .	a boy looks and a marlboro .	0
little boy peering into a glass display case .	a boy looks is comfortable a dentist .	0
little boy peering into a glass display case .	a boy looks is dunking a stool .	0
little boy peering into a glass display case .	a boy looks and a catamaran .	0
little boy peering into a glass display case .	a boy looks is a keg .	0
little boy peering into a glass display case .	a boy looks is tying a bazaar .	0
little boy peering into a glass display case .	a boy looks is a bloody .	0
little boy peering into a glass display case .	a boy looks is ona a van .	0
little boy peering into a glass display case .	a boy looks is dunking a stool .	0
little boy peering into a glass display case .	a boy looks is dunking a rebound .	0
little boy peering into a glass display case .	a boy looks is a manager .	0
little boy peering into a glass display case .	a boy looks is dunking a hurricane .	0
little boy peering into a glass display case .	a boy looks is converse a truck .	0
little boy peering into a glass display case .	a boy looks is a lawnmower .	0
little boy peering into a glass display case .	a boy looks is a singer .	0
little boy peering into a glass display case .	a boy looks to a water raft .	0
little boy peering into a glass display case .	a boy looks and a cactus .	0
little boy peering into a glass display case .	a boy looks is a singer .	0
little boy peering into a glass display case .	a boy looks is a singer .	0
little boy peering into a glass display case .	a boy looks is a lollipop event .	0
little boy peering into a glass display case .	a gal is is in the case .	1
little boy peering into a glass display case .	a definitely is in the carpet bakery .	1
little boy peering into a glass display case .	a razor is is the another ground .	1
little boy peering into a glass display case .	a pastor is in the vet ground	1
little boy peering into a glass display case .	a suv is in the bedroom shooting .	1
little boy peering into a glass display case .	a farmer is in the warmth shaft .	1
little boy peering into a glass display case .	a tornado is on the bronco tucked .	1
little boy peering into a glass display case .	a laborer is is the hedges ground .	1
little boy peering into a glass display case .	the cameraman is in the bedroom bases .	1
little boy peering into a glass display case .	a relative is in the bare ground .	1
little boy peering into a glass display case .	a janitor is in the current case .	1
little boy peering into a glass display case .	the dealer is is the south avenue .	1
little boy peering into a glass display case .	a go-kart is on the beach eyebrows .	1
little boy peering into a glass display case .	the pastor is in the rides rake .	1
little boy peering into a glass display case .	a sculptor is is the another ground .	1
little boy peering into a glass display case .	a dragon is on the beach water .	1
little boy peering into a glass display case .	a skater is in the carpet bases	1
little boy peering into a glass display case .	a playful is on the wintertime pops .	1
little boy peering into a glass display case .	the package is is in the current .	1
little boy peering into a glass display case .	the wok is on the solid entertainment .	1
little boy peering into a glass display case .	a playful is is the brand ground .	1
little boy peering into a glass display case .	a teenaged is is the another intently .	1
little boy peering into a glass display case .	a festival is on the fairgrounds asleep .	1
little boy peering into a glass display case .	a reporter is not the homeless office .	1
little boy peering into a glass display case .	a mic is on the pavement repair .	1
little boy peering into a glass display case .	a suspect is is the another ground	1
little boy peering into a glass display case .	a girl is walking .	2
a golden dog bounds across the snow-covered hill .	a man downward opening recently is thrown themselves .	2
a golden dog bounds across the snow-covered hill .	a photograph chased by flowers as the trolley start	2
a golden dog bounds across the snow-covered hill .	a man viewing grind to asking the win .	2
a golden dog bounds across the snow-covered hill .	a man sprints to sail just the alphabet .	2
a golden dog bounds across the snow-covered hill .	a man flies old people along the restroom .	2
a golden dog bounds across the snow-covered hill .	a man swims ignores to discuss martinis made .	2
a golden dog bounds across the snow-covered hill .	a man squeezes displaying to light an arrangement	2
a golden dog bounds across the snow-covered hill .	a man holds yarn how to win another .	2
a golden dog bounds across the snow-covered hill .	a super - event to cross the wall .	2
a golden dog bounds across the snow-covered hill .	a bicycle spreads caught his scores happiness letters .	2
a golden dog bounds across the snow-covered hill .	a man flies rest and finger against jugs .	2
a golden dog bounds across the snow-covered hill .	a man flies multiple tug pointer a game .	2
a golden dog bounds across the snow-covered hill .	a man presents where the altar of bricks .	2
a golden dog bounds across the snow-covered hill .	a man tending erect to chalk an innertube .	2
a golden dog bounds across the snow-covered hill .	a man squeezes because is weighing the blood .	2
a golden dog bounds across the snow-covered hill .	a females pin hurt to win dinosaurs temperature	2
a golden dog bounds across the snow-covered hill .	a man licks device to release the menu .	2
a golden dog bounds across the snow-covered hill .	a man viewing gracefully to show the policy .	2
a golden dog bounds across the snow-covered hill .	a group oh above behind the gate meeting .	2
a golden dog bounds across the snow-covered hill .	a photograph saxophonist flashes 's hand salad chips	2
a golden dog bounds across the snow-covered hill .	a man arms helmet to win during daylight .	2
a golden dog bounds across the snow-covered hill .	a man hurrying is burned the crowd reception .	2
a golden dog bounds across the snow-covered hill .	a man batman measured to win two ornament	2
a golden dog bounds across the snow-covered hill .	a man swims where to win the patients race	2
a golden dog bounds across the snow-covered hill .	a man shines dresses to become the bikers .	2
a golden dog bounds across the snow-covered hill .	a labrador grins is design the grassy pear .	2
a golden dog bounds across the snow-covered hill .	a fish full above against the leader bale .	2
two men play basketball .	two men are playing sports .	0
two men play basketball .	two men are playing sports cars	0
two men play basketball .	two friends are eating lunch sparkly .	2
two men play basketball .	two friends are eating lunch italian .	2
two men play basketball .	two friends are eating lunch idly .	2
two men play basketball .	there are available having fun lunch .	2
two men play basketball .	two friends are eating lunch facing .	2
two men play basketball .	there are stars eating lunch awake .	2
two men play basketball .	there are balances world enthusiasts married .	2
two men play basketball .	two friends are eating lunch crevice . of	2
two men play basketball .	two friends are eating lunch lunch .	2
two men play basketball .	two friends are eating lunch beds .	2
two men play basketball .	there are strapped eating lunch catalog .	2
two men play basketball .	two friends are eating fresh lunch .	2
two men play basketball .	there are 7 color they lunch .	2
two men play basketball .	there are solar having fun lunch .	2
two men play basketball .	there are two having fun lunch .	2
two men play basketball .	two friends are eating lunch plowing .	2
two men play basketball .	two friends are eating lunch cafeteria .	2
two men play basketball .	two friends are eating lunch castles .	2
two men play basketball .	there are overlooking eating lunch shore .	2
two men play basketball .	two friends are eating lunch divorce .	2
two men play basketball .	two friends are eating lunch errands .	2
two men play basketball .	two friends are eating lunch tightly .	2
women 's soccer team competing on the field .	the woman brought an arab the soccer game	1
women 's soccer team competing on the field .	the woman brings the buses under the doors .	1
women 's soccer team competing on the field .	the woman speaks and shredded the jean eyes .	1
women 's soccer team competing on the field .	the woman attacks the newborn final ` bought .	1
women 's soccer team competing on the field .	the woman heads in the start castles dances	1
women 's soccer team competing on the field .	the woman away past the opposite are ground .	1
women 's soccer team competing on the field .	the woman clap came to the water .	1
women 's soccer team competing on the field .	the woman brings how to the stars .	1
women 's soccer team competing on the field .	the woman attacks walk and water the path .	1
women 's soccer team competing on the field .	the monarch woman winning the monument games .	1
women 's soccer team competing on the field .	the woman guiding in the start are applauding .	1
women 's soccer team competing on the field .	the woman throw headphones the girls soccer game .	1
women 's soccer team competing on the field .	the woman blocking the winning and asleep .	1
women 's soccer team competing on the field .	the woman apart in the alley cold game .	1
women 's soccer team competing on the field .	the woman adorned an the start play foosball game	1
women 's soccer team competing on the field .	the woman needs concrete and son walking .	1
women 's soccer team competing on the field .	the woman texting in the start are horses .	1
women 's soccer team competing on the field .	the woman scoops in the start post it .	1
women 's soccer team competing on the field .	the woman signed an toward the soccer game .	1
women 's soccer team competing on the field .	the woman brings an the state loom .	1
women 's soccer team competing on the field .	the woman considers an the solid empire technique .	1
women 's soccer team competing on the field .	the woman listen to girls eating the ground .	1
women 's soccer team competing on the field .	the woman sam an the frisbee soccer game .	1
women 's soccer team competing on the field .	the woman scoops at the girls hallway .	1
women 's soccer team competing on the field .	the woman carried the guitarist 's ribbon .	1
women 's soccer team competing on the field .	the woman brings in the alley soccer sign .	1
women 's soccer team competing on the field .	the woman winning the house plays the game .	1
women 's soccer team competing on the field .	the woman joyously in the father sac board .	1
women 's soccer team competing on the field .	the woman viewing the dry table the boulevard .	1
women 's soccer team competing on the field .	the woman speaks and bows the atlantic decorations .	1
women 's soccer team competing on the field .	a women 's black massages .	0
women 's soccer team competing on the field .	a women 's black dry . a fox	0
women 's soccer team competing on the field .	a women 's traditional dress . to a	0
women 's soccer team competing on the field .	a slim woman is clearing .	0
women 's soccer team competing on the field .	a women 's black vest . a	0
women 's soccer team competing on the field .	a women 's traditional raining .	0
women 's soccer team competing on the field .	a women 's black wetsuits . to	0
women 's soccer team competing on the field .	a women 's master yell .	0
women 's soccer team competing on the field .	a women 's black strings . a	0
women 's soccer team competing on the field .	a women 's sweeping equipment .	0
women 's soccer team competing on the field .	a unicycle 's grandchild model . <oov>	0
women 's soccer team competing on the field .	a women 's <oov> answers .	0
women 's soccer team competing on the field .	a women 's black oven . donkeys	0
women 's soccer team competing on the field .	a women 's black dry . a auditorium	0
women 's soccer team competing on the field .	a women 's traditional distance . to	0
women 's soccer team competing on the field .	a women 's black mammal . imac two	0
women 's soccer team competing on the field .	a women 's traditional polish .	0
women 's soccer team competing on the field .	a women 's teeth pub . a	0
women 's soccer team competing on the field .	a women 's lap play .	0
women 's soccer team competing on the field .	a women 's black wrestler . bird	0
women 's soccer team competing on the field .	a woman is clearing hurricane .	0
women 's soccer team competing on the field .	a walgreens 's preform rapidly .	0
women 's soccer team competing on the field .	a women 's main game . <oov>	0
women 's soccer team competing on the field .	a women 's black ring . a	0
women 's soccer team competing on the field .	a women 's black dry . to a	0
women 's soccer team competing on the field .	a women 's black greyhound . <oov> guitarists	0
women 's soccer team competing on the field .	a crocodile man 's snowmen .	0
women 's soccer team competing on the field .	the street has equipment anyone on another financial .	2
women 's soccer team competing on the field .	the woman playing with bicycle on many hairs .	2
women 's soccer team competing on the field .	the street has picnic hugs with on display .	2
women 's soccer team competing on the field .	the woman contemplating playing drama on african .	2
women 's soccer team competing on the field .	the woman playing with muzzles on blocks 's head	2
women 's soccer team competing on the field .	the woman playing with green on man sheets .	2
women 's soccer team competing on the field .	the street has took flow on many years .	2
women 's soccer team competing on the field .	the woman playing with long on string sea .	2
women 's soccer team competing on the field .	the woman playing wearing headphones on many man .	2
women 's soccer team competing on the field .	the woman playing wearing stolen on beautifully it .	2
women 's soccer team competing on the field .	the woman playing with bicycle on many hearts	2
women 's soccer team competing on the field .	the stray men are playing on shelves hay .	2
women 's soccer team competing on the field .	the woman playing street volleyball on rubbed costume .	2
women 's soccer team competing on the field .	the street has playing heaven with tile on it	2
women 's soccer team competing on the field .	the street playing another skier on mt man .	2
women 's soccer team competing on the field .	the woman play cabbage with their instument 's hair	2
women 's soccer team competing on the field .	the woman playing with blue on ice board .	2
women 's soccer team competing on the field .	the street playing are wearing their color well .	2
women 's soccer team competing on the field .	the street has playing cartoon on occurred breasts .	2
women 's soccer team competing on the field .	the woman rocks playing catch on opposite glide .	2
women 's soccer team competing on the field .	the queen plays are playing with their friends .	2
women 's soccer team competing on the field .	the woman playing pianos on dirty man 's dinner	2
women 's soccer team competing on the field .	the woman play meters wearing on snowshoes halloween .	2
women 's soccer team competing on the field .	the street has no shivering on the tired .	2
women 's soccer team competing on the field .	the woman playing with diagram on many man .	2
women 's soccer team competing on the field .	the street has took beads on foot man .	2
women 's soccer team competing on the field .	the woman high-fiving equipment people on into wendy	2
women 's soccer team competing on the field .	the street has everyone than on mars ever .	2
women 's soccer team competing on the field .	the woman play finished playing on display bars .	2
a man walks on the icy sidewalk .	a man almost branded dominos .	1
a man walks on the icy sidewalk .	a man almost motorcyles dances .	1
a man walks on the icy sidewalk .	a man was abandoned potential .	1
a man walks on the icy sidewalk .	a man was dying microphones .	1
a man walks on the icy sidewalk .	a man was her wallet .	1
a man walks on the icy sidewalk .	a man was soldering rollerbladers . is	1
a man walks on the icy sidewalk .	a man emptying beams exercises .	1
a man walks on the icy sidewalk .	a man was her defending . a	1
a man walks on the icy sidewalk .	a man operating 300 firewood .	1
a man walks on the icy sidewalk .	a man almost veggies monster .	1
a man walks on the icy sidewalk .	a man was arrested throat . is	1
a man walks on the icy sidewalk .	a man was her niece . <oov>	1
a man walks on the icy sidewalk .	a man almost over snow .	1
a man walks on the icy sidewalk .	a man was ironing supplies .	1
a man walks on the icy sidewalk .	a man almost gates accessories . group	1
a man walks on the icy sidewalk .	a man was escaping boring .	1
a man walks on the icy sidewalk .	a man was her technique . quickly dogs	1
a man walks on the icy sidewalk .	a man was grilling indians .	1
a man walks on the icy sidewalk .	a man talks expression times . to	1
a man walks on the icy sidewalk .	the man is outdoors . the	0
a man walks on the icy sidewalk .	the man is outdoors . `	0
a man walks on the icy sidewalk .	the man is outdoors . `	0
a man walks on the icy sidewalk .	the man is outdoors . `	0
a man walks on the icy sidewalk .	the man is outdoors . watching	0
a man walks on the icy sidewalk .	the man is outdoors . is	0
a man walks on the icy sidewalk .	the man is outdoors . ` a	0
a man walks on the icy sidewalk .	the man is outdoors . `	0
a man walks on the icy sidewalk .	the man is outdoors . `	0
a man walks on the icy sidewalk .	the man is outdoors . is	0
a man walks on the icy sidewalk .	the man is outdoors . the	0
a man walks on the icy sidewalk .	the man is outdoors . `	0
a man walks on the icy sidewalk .	the man is outdoors . `	0
a man walks on the icy sidewalk .	the man is outdoors . `	0
a man walks on the icy sidewalk .	the man is outdoors . `	0
a man walks on the icy sidewalk .	the man is outdoors . `	0
a man walks on the icy sidewalk .	the man is outdoors . about the	0
a man walks on the icy sidewalk .	the man is outdoors . ` a	0
a man walks on the icy sidewalk .	the man is outdoors . the	0
a man walks on the icy sidewalk .	the man is outdoors . the	0
a man walks on the icy sidewalk .	the man is outdoors . ` turkey	0
a man walks on the icy sidewalk .	the man is outdoors . clothing `	0
a man walks on the icy sidewalk .	the man is outdoors . ` turkey	0
a man walks on the icy sidewalk .	the man is outdoors . the	0
a man walks on the icy sidewalk .	the man is outdoors . `	0
a man walks on the icy sidewalk .	the man is outdoors . to	0
a man walks on the icy sidewalk .	the man is outdoors . is	0
a man walks on the icy sidewalk .	the man is outdoors . is	0
a man walks on the icy sidewalk .	the man is outdoors . is	0
a bearded man sits near a white van .	a man donkey outside near some containers .	0
a bearded man sits near a white van .	a man getting outside near some pub .	0
a bearded man sits near a white van .	a man wields outside near some entire coffee .	0
a bearded man sits near a white van .	a man entertains outside near some cars .	0
a bearded man sits near a white van .	a man performing outside near some video .	0
a bearded man sits near a white van .	a man performing outside near a trailer building .	0
a bearded man sits near a white van .	a man doesnt pops a red park .	2
a bearded man sits near a white van .	a man blacks down a skateboard rider .	2
a bearded man sits near a white van .	a man exits is a world champion architecture	2
a bearded man sits near a white van .	a man nibbling a rocky by water .	2
a bearded man sits near a white van .	a man attends a world by bridge .	2
a bearded man sits near a white van .	a man amused with a red eyes .	2
a bearded man sits near a white van .	a man installs by a red cart .	2
a bearded man sits near a white van .	a man contemplates by a narrow structure .	2
a bearded man sits near a white van .	a man listens down a fishing chair .	2
a bearded man sits near a white van .	a man installs by a cold troll .	2
a bearded man sits near a white van .	a man sitting inside a road heavyset .	2
a bearded man sits near a white van .	a man racer by a narrow curb .	2
a bearded man sits near a white van .	a man suit down a completed road .	2
a bearded man sits near a white van .	a man swiftly by a red cart .	2
a bearded man sits near a white van .	a man twists down a busy bridge .	2
a bearded man sits near a white van .	a man safely having a road fly .	2
a bearded man sits near a white van .	a man notices down a busy bridge .	2
a bearded man sits near a white van .	a man hears down a sandy enjoying .	2
a bearded man sits near a white van .	a man noticed a crowded street market .	2
a bearded man sits near a white van .	a man pumping riding a hike headed .	2
a bearded man sits near a white van .	a man cheers by a blind bridge .	2
a bearded man sits near a white van .	a man listens by a narrow list car .	2
a bearded man sits near a white van .	a man cyclist by a bookstore cart .	2
a bearded man sits near a white van .	a man installs by a boat enjoying paddle	2
the football player prepares to kick the ball .	a person is playing a sport . some	0
the football player prepares to kick the ball .	the bus is throwing the hotdogs .	2
the football player prepares to kick the ball .	the bus is throwing the hotdogs .	2
the football player prepares to kick the ball .	the bystander is somewhere to the pool .	2
the football player prepares to kick the ball .	the bus is throwing the 500 .	2
the football player prepares to kick the ball .	the bus is throwing the hotdogs .	2
the football player prepares to kick the ball .	the bus is throwing the ford .	2
the football player prepares to kick the ball .	the bus is throwing the lame .	2
the football player prepares to kick the ball .	the bus is throwing the hotdogs .	2
the football player prepares to kick the ball .	the bus is kayaking the football .	2
the football player prepares to kick the ball .	the bus is throwing the textbook . to	2
the football player prepares to kick the ball .	the bus is throwing the pavement .	2
the football player prepares to kick the ball .	the bus is throwing the pavement .	2
the football player prepares to kick the ball .	the bus is throwing the hotdogs .	2
a couple sits in the grass .	a couple is having a picnic .	1
a couple sits in the grass .	a couple is having a picnic .	1
a couple sits in the grass .	a person is having a picnic .	1
a couple sits in the grass .	a couple is having a picnic .	1
a couple sits in the grass .	a person is having a picnic .	1
a couple sits in the grass .	a couple is having a projection .	1
a couple sits in the grass .	a couple is having a debate .	1
a couple sits in the grass .	a person is having a sunday .	1
a couple sits in the grass .	a couple is having a picnic .	1
a couple sits in the grass .	a person is having a discussion .	1
a couple sits in the grass .	a person is having a picnic .	1
a couple sits in the grass .	a graffiti is having a discussion .	1
a couple sits in the grass .	a person is having a picnic .	1
a couple sits in the grass .	a person is having a picnic .	1
a couple sits in the grass .	a busy is having a picnic .	1
a couple sits in the grass .	a couple is having a picnic .	1
a couple sits in the grass .	a person is having a screwdriver .	1
a couple sits in the grass .	a person is having a picnic .	1
a couple sits in the grass .	a couple is having a picnic .	1
a couple sits in the grass .	a couple is having a wake .	1
a couple sits in the grass .	the couple is having a picnic .	1
a couple sits in the grass .	a couple is having a picnic .	1
a couple sits in the grass .	a person is having a picnic .	1
a couple sits in the grass .	a person is having a picnic .	1
a couple sits in the grass .	a couple is having a picnic .	1
a couple sits in the grass .	a couple is having a picnic .	1
a couple sits in the grass .	a couple is having a slippery .	1
a couple sits in the grass .	a person is having a picnic .	1
a couple sits in the grass .	a couple is having a picnic .	1
a couple sits in the grass .	a person is having a picnic .	1
a couple sits in the grass .	a couple is having a picnic .	1
a couple sits in the grass .	a couple is having a picnic .	1
a couple sits in the grass .	a couple is having a picnic .	1
a couple sits in the grass .	a person is having a picnic .	1
a couple sits in the grass .	a person is having a picnic .	1
a couple sits in the grass .	a graffiti is having a suspended .	1
a couple sits in the grass .	a couple is having a quarter .	1
a couple sits in the grass .	a person is having a picnic .	1
a couple sits in the grass .	a graffiti is having a discussion .	1
a couple sits in the grass .	people are outside . .	0
a couple sits in the grass .	a couple is in a restaurant .	2
a couple sits in the grass .	a couple is in a huts .	2
a couple sits in the grass .	a couple is in a restaurant .	2
a couple sits in the grass .	a couple is in a biking .	2
a couple sits in the grass .	a couple is in a restaurant .	2
a couple sits in the grass .	a couple is in a restaurant .	2
a couple sits in the grass .	a couple is on a friday .	2
a couple sits in the grass .	a couple is in a restaurant .	2
a couple sits in the grass .	a couple is in a restaurant .	2
a couple sits in the grass .	a couple is in a restaurant .	2
a couple sits in the grass .	a couple is in a biking .	2
a couple sits in the grass .	a couple is in a restaurant .	2
a couple sits in the grass .	a couple is on a bbq structure .	2
a couple sits in the grass .	a couple is on a gravel sentences .	2
a couple sits in the grass .	a couple is in a mile .	2
a couple sits in the grass .	a couple is on a biking . attach	2
a couple sits in the grass .	a couple is in a mile .	2
a couple sits in the grass .	a couple is on a biking .	2
a couple sits in the grass .	a couple is in a restaurant .	2
a couple sits in the grass .	a couple is on a biking .	2
a couple sits in the grass .	a couple is in a restaurant .	2
a couple sits in the grass .	a couple is on a comfy structure .	2
a couple sits in the grass .	a couple is in a restaurant .	2
a couple sits in the grass .	a person is in a restaurant . 30	2
a couple sits in the grass .	a couple is in a lifeguard .	2
a couple sits in the grass .	a couple is in a restaurant .	2
a couple sits in the grass .	a couple is in a restaurant .	2
a couple sits in the grass .	a couple is in a restaurant .	2
a couple sits in the grass .	a couple is in a restaurant .	2
a couple sits in the grass .	a couple is in a restaurant .	2
a couple sits in the grass .	a couple is on a biking . arrival	2
a couple sits in the grass .	a couple is in a restaurant .	2
a couple sits in the grass .	a couple is in a restaurant event .	2
a couple sits in the grass .	a couple is in a restaurant .	2
a couple sits in the grass .	a couple is in a restaurant .	2
a couple sits in the grass .	a couple is in a restaurant .	2
a couple sits in the grass .	a couple is in a restaurant .	2
a couple sits in the grass .	a couple is on a biking . man	2
a couple sits in the grass .	a couple is on a funeral .	2
a couple sits in the grass .	a couple is on a biking . a	2
two men in karate gear using fighting sticks .	a elder man feels with hat playing set .	1
two men in karate gear using fighting sticks .	a blonde man with arms joking around and handles	1
two men in karate gear using fighting sticks .	a fair group laying with bread for a swim	1
two men in karate gear using fighting sticks .	a highway group is clearing a mobile and time	1
two men in karate gear using fighting sticks .	a blonde man with arms braids for a firetruck	1
two men in karate gear using fighting sticks .	a heavy metal one plays with for a boat	1
two men in karate gear using fighting sticks .	a lonely man is stacking with a shadow .	1
two men in karate gear using fighting sticks .	a blonde man with arms spread around a waltz	1
two men in karate gear using fighting sticks .	a video rode outdoors with beatles for a show	1
two men in karate gear using fighting sticks .	a low fan with a stomach on stage .	1
two men in karate gear using fighting sticks .	a punk segway with a horn on stage .	1
two men in karate gear using fighting sticks .	a slim white dogs jump with a bag	1
two men in karate gear using fighting sticks .	a short dog with crafts playing a stage .	1
two men in karate gear using fighting sticks .	a oriental man with red-hair standing around for pictures	1
two men in karate gear using fighting sticks .	a highway people barricades with circles for a boat	1
two men in karate gear using fighting sticks .	a interviewing people with spiked great for a box	1
two men in karate gear using fighting sticks .	a blonde man is smiling for a holiday .	1
two men in karate gear using fighting sticks .	a fair group is standing debris around a gun	1
two men in karate gear using fighting sticks .	a blurry man outdoors with magic for a competition	1
two men in karate gear using fighting sticks .	a blonde man is eager with for a camera	1
two men in karate gear using fighting sticks .	a gracefully man is smiling with a speech .	1
two men in karate gear using fighting sticks .	a blonde man is smiling for a portrait .	1
two men in karate gear using fighting sticks .	a blonde man with headphones around a bunch .	1
two men in karate gear using fighting sticks .	a white dogs has detector with a harmonica .	1
two men in karate gear using fighting sticks .	a video brown and track with a elephant .	1
two men in karate gear using fighting sticks .	a choir walking with a bucket on stage .	1
two men in karate gear using fighting sticks .	a blonde man is smiling for a zebra .	1
two men in karate gear using fighting sticks .	a blonde woman is helping with a sits .	1
two men in karate gear using fighting sticks .	a talking home fighting with face off of her	1
two men in karate gear using fighting sticks .	a snowboarder 's parasail is cooking a carrot	1
two men in karate gear using fighting sticks .	a blonde man with arms answering for a fight	1
two men in karate gear using fighting sticks .	a snowboarder with dog chases for a mermaid .	1
two men in karate gear using fighting sticks .	a wizard dancer with wires sticks .	0
two men in karate gear using fighting sticks .	a dude white man with sticks	0
two men in karate gear using fighting sticks .	a white hula lunges with crafts	0
two men in karate gear using fighting sticks .	a blonde woman is being ignored	0
two men in karate gear using fighting sticks .	a white gangster man with wires	0
two men in karate gear using fighting sticks .	a legendary working with bread crafts	0
two men in karate gear using fighting sticks .	a white dog talk with seafood .	0
two men in karate gear using fighting sticks .	a 3 house man with crafts .	0
two men in karate gear using fighting sticks .	a white females man with wires	0
two men in karate gear using fighting sticks .	a white hula hoop with sticks	0
two men in karate gear using fighting sticks .	a white labrador with cards smiling .	0
two men in karate gear using fighting sticks .	a car man signed with sticks	0
two men in karate gear using fighting sticks .	a white blonde man with furniture	0
two men in karate gear using fighting sticks .	a white hula brown with bagpipes	0
two men in karate gear using fighting sticks .	a fake bullrider on licking sticks	0
two men in karate gear using fighting sticks .	a 3 dog sledgehammer with baskets	0
two men in karate gear using fighting sticks .	a 3 dog jetty with sticks	0
two men in karate gear using fighting sticks .	a white hula hooping with downtown .	0
two men in karate gear using fighting sticks .	a white nicely crafting with sticks	0
two men in karate gear using fighting sticks .	a white skirt seats with sticks	0
two men in karate gear using fighting sticks .	two men are turning clouds in the hospital	2
two men in karate gear using fighting sticks .	the group try call in the crosscountry art	2
two men in karate gear using fighting sticks .	two men load a spanish in the park	2
two men in karate gear using fighting sticks .	two men skipped fighting in the wild seagulls	2
two men in karate gear using fighting sticks .	two men birds cigarettes down the street .	2
two men in karate gear using fighting sticks .	two men backpack chairs in the possession	2
two men in karate gear using fighting sticks .	two men are viewing around in the event .	2
two men in karate gear using fighting sticks .	two men sailing biting to in the water .	2
two men in karate gear using fighting sticks .	two men happily sunbathing in the paperback .	2
two men in karate gear using fighting sticks .	two men load her belt in the turn	2
two men in karate gear using fighting sticks .	two men are great sex in the event	2
two men in karate gear using fighting sticks .	two men sailing crowds down in the roadside .	2
two men in karate gear using fighting sticks .	two men sailing models in the inner .	2
two men in karate gear using fighting sticks .	two men held bugs books in the office	2
two men in karate gear using fighting sticks .	two men sailing fighting in the white costume .	2
two men in karate gear using fighting sticks .	two men load a master in the backseat .	2
two men in karate gear using fighting sticks .	two men are great around in the event .	2
two men in karate gear using fighting sticks .	two men sailing served in the street heat	2
two men in karate gear using fighting sticks .	two men held against eachother in the backseat .	2
two men in karate gear using fighting sticks .	two men comedians her next in the hospital	2
two men in karate gear using fighting sticks .	two men are harnessed around in the event	2
two men in karate gear using fighting sticks .	two men are great fighting in the event .	2
two men in karate gear using fighting sticks .	two men are strippers around in the event .	2
two men in karate gear using fighting sticks .	two men are slept around in the hammock	2
four dark-skinned boys are playing soccer .	the boy is wearing traditional headdress .	1
four dark-skinned boys are playing soccer .	the boy is wearing traditional sandals .	1
four dark-skinned boys are playing soccer .	the boy is wearing a recording .	1
four dark-skinned boys are playing soccer .	the boy is wearing a volkswagen .	1
four dark-skinned boys are playing soccer .	the boy is wearing traditional dreadlocks .	1
four dark-skinned boys are playing soccer .	the boy is wearing a camouflage dishes .	1
four dark-skinned boys are playing soccer .	the boy is wearing a feather .	1
four dark-skinned boys are playing soccer .	the boy is wearing a diaper .	1
four dark-skinned boys are playing soccer .	the boy is wearing traditional demolished .	1
four dark-skinned boys are playing soccer .	the boy is wearing traditional sandals .	1
four dark-skinned boys are playing soccer .	the boy is wearing a visor .	1
four dark-skinned boys are playing soccer .	the boy is wearing a rocket .	1
four dark-skinned boys are playing soccer .	the boy is wearing traditional rollerskaters .	1
four dark-skinned boys are playing soccer .	the boy is wearing a stripe .	1
four dark-skinned boys are playing soccer .	the boy is wearing traditional guards .	1
family members standing outside a home .	child standing against street .	2
family members standing outside a home .	highschool sun have park .	2
family members standing outside a home .	child standing indoors interact .	2
family members standing outside a home .	mexican conduct water indoors . 's human	2
family members standing outside a home .	child standing indoors . .	2
family members standing outside a home .	friends have pauses indoors .	2
family members standing outside a home .	child fixing a volkswagon .	2
family members standing outside a home .	twelve mammals eats horses .	2
family members standing outside a home .	child standing indoors flavored . a	2
family members standing outside a home .	a family is standing outside . having	0
family members standing outside a home .	a family is standing outside . a	0
family members standing outside a home .	a family is standing outside . a	0
family members standing outside a home .	a family is standing outside . a	0
family members standing outside a home .	a family is standing up .	0
family members standing outside a home .	a family is standing outside . a	0
family members standing outside a home .	a family is standing outside . a	0
family members standing outside a home .	a family is standing outside . a	0
family members standing outside a home .	a family is standing outside . a	0
family members standing outside a home .	a family is standing partner . at	0
family members standing outside a home .	a family is standing outside . a	0
family members standing outside a home .	a family is standing outside . people	0
family members standing outside a home .	a family is standing outside . a	0
family members standing outside a home .	a family is standing outside . a	0
family members standing outside a home .	a family is standing outside . donkeys	0
family members standing outside a home .	a family is standing outside . a	0
family members standing outside a home .	a family is standing outside . a	0
family members standing outside a home .	a family is standing outside . <oov>	0
family members standing outside a home .	a family is standing outside . teaching	0
family members standing outside a home .	a family is standing outside . a	0
family members standing outside a home .	a family is standing outside . a	0
family members standing outside a home .	a family is standing outside . a	0
family members standing outside a home .	a family is standing outside . a	0
family members standing outside a home .	a family is standing outside . a	0
family members standing outside a home .	a family is standing outside . techniques is	0
family members standing outside a home .	a family is standing outside . to a	0
family members standing outside a home .	a family is standing outside . a	0
family members standing outside a home .	a family is standing outside . a	0
family members standing outside a home .	a family is standing outside . a fox	0
family members standing outside a home .	a family is standing outside . a	0
family members standing outside a home .	a family is standing outside . a	0
family members standing outside a home .	a family is standing outside . a	0
family members standing outside a home .	they are in the countryside . to	1
family members standing outside a home .	they are the britney .	1
family members standing outside a home .	they are in the wrong .	1
family members standing outside a home .	they are na the home .	1
family members standing outside a home .	they are in the sea . keep	1
family members standing outside a home .	they are on the curb .	1
family members standing outside a home .	they are the panda home .	1
family members standing outside a home .	they are in the danger .	1
family members standing outside a home .	they are in the city .	1
family members standing outside a home .	they are in the scarf .	1
family members standing outside a home .	they are in the tanning .	1
family members standing outside a home .	they are the pizzas . to	1
family members standing outside a home .	they are in the countryside . cleaning	1
family members standing outside a home .	they are gathered the moon .	1
family members standing outside a home .	they are the dreadlocks home .	1
family members standing outside a home .	they are in the wrong .	1
family members standing outside a home .	they are the atmosphere .	1
family members standing outside a home .	they are welds the ladder .	1
family members standing outside a home .	they are the amazed .	1
family members standing outside a home .	they are in the countryside . guitarists	1
family members standing outside a home .	they are in the cold .	1
family members standing outside a home .	they are sold the home .	1
family members standing outside a home .	they are crocheting the prices .	1
family members standing outside a home .	they are in the summertime .	1
family members standing outside a home .	they are in the boat .	1
family members standing outside a home .	they are in the summertime .	1
family members standing outside a home .	they are in the janitor . due	1
family members standing outside a home .	they are the panda home .	1
family members standing outside a home .	they are in the case . frown	1
family members standing outside a home .	they are the noodle .	1
family members standing outside a home .	they are the gates .	1
family members standing outside a home .	they are in the cold .	1
family members standing outside a home .	they are the vicinity .	1
family members standing outside a home .	they are own the countryside . guitarists	1
family members standing outside a home .	they are in the boat .	1
family members standing outside a home .	they are in the boat .	1
a boy drags his sled through the snow .	a cone is riding	0
a boy drags his sled through the snow .	a piano is a stone	0
a boy drags his sled through the snow .	a frog is a pack	0
a boy drags his sled through the snow .	a stunt is a pack	0
a boy drags his sled through the snow .	a deck is upright	0
a boy drags his sled through the snow .	a stunt is a butts	0
a boy drags his sled through the snow .	a statue is paining	0
a boy drags his sled through the snow .	a boy is a pack	0
a boy drags his sled through the snow .	a jeep is a stone	0
a boy drags his sled through the snow .	a seventeen is tests	0
a boy drags his sled through the snow .	a brand is a stone	0
a boy drags his sled through the snow .	a boy is a stone	0
a boy drags his sled through the snow .	a deck is wakes	0
a boy drags his sled through the snow .	a stunt is a microwave	0
a boy drags his sled through the snow .	a stunt is a kitten	0
a boy drags his sled through the snow .	a entertainer is upright	0
a boy drags his sled through the snow .	a doritos is a backpack .	0
a boy drags his sled through the snow .	a boy is silhouetted against .	0
a boy drags his sled through the snow .	a maintained is emotional	0
a boy drags his sled through the snow .	a memorial is a sled	0
a boy drags his sled through the snow .	a bike caused a stone	0
a boy drags his sled through the snow .	a candidate is intersection	0
a boy drags his sled through the snow .	a veteran is a kite	0
a boy drags his sled through the snow .	a bike lifeguards a presentation .	0
a boy drags his sled through the snow .	a referee is emotional	0
two women are observing something together .	a women is in a dress bells .	1
two women are observing something together .	a women is in a sports park .	1
two women are observing something together .	a women is in a sports section .	1
two women are observing something together .	a women is in a sports sign .	1
two women are observing something together .	a women is on a fence celebrated .	1
two women are observing something together .	a women is in a dress sports .	1
two women are observing something together .	a women is in a sports artifacts .	1
two women are observing something together .	a women is decorated a sports fence .	1
two women are observing something together .	a women is in a dress sports .	1
two women are observing something together .	a women is in a sports resturant .	1
two women are observing something together .	a women is in a sports single .	1
two women are observing something together .	a women in a dress waving together .	1
two women are observing something together .	a women is in a dress sports .	1
two women are observing something together .	a women is in a sports pooping .	1
two women are observing something together .	a women in a gallery dress together .	1
two women are observing something together .	a women is outside a flower called .	1
two women are observing something together .	a women in a dress loaf together .	1
two women are observing something together .	a women in a dress sign poolside .	1
two women are observing something together .	a women is on a silly rough .	1
two women are observing something together .	a women is on a flower grade .	1
two women are observing something together .	a women in a dress sign dress .	1
two women are observing something together .	the crowd with paddles <oov> style drinks outside	2
two women are observing something together .	the crowd with some soccer on horses sandwich .	2
two women are observing something together .	the crowd with machinery on camels it .	2
two women are observing something together .	the steps with men on cobblestone sedan eat .	2
two women are observing something together .	the swimmer with dreadlocks squats warn their face .	2
two women are observing something together .	the crowd with machinery children on it park .	2
two women are observing something together .	the crowd with men follow on the benches .	2
two women are observing something together .	the crowd with team man on the chair .	2
two women are observing something together .	the sleeping machinery with creation from their job .	2
two women are observing something together .	the crowd they with their husbands from behind .	2
two women are observing something together .	the room with men on it face cheer .	2
two women are observing something together .	the crowd with machinery children on the benches .	2
two women are observing something together .	the author with men learning from their instruments .	2
two women are observing something together .	the crowd running with corn on benches .	2
two women are observing something together .	the crowd with hats surveying on the benches .	2
two women are observing something together .	the crowd with women on jupiter during school	2
two women are observing something together .	the courthouse with machinery on benches it park .	2
two women are observing something together .	the sleeping machinery with reunited on opposite it .	2
two women are observing something together .	the crowd women with multi-colored on the curb .	2
two women are observing something together .	the crowd with machinery children on the barricade	2
two women are observing something together .	the mercury room with man on the platform .	2
two women are observing something together .	the male with flags running under her family .	2
two women are observing something together .	the deli standing with black baskets sunglasses .	2
two women are observing something together .	the crowd with machinery teens on it was .	2
two women are observing something together .	the creates crowd with their eyes closed .	2
two women are observing something together .	the crowd with machinery on it plays screens .	2
two women are observing something together .	the crowd with men on baskets from courthouse edge	2
two women are observing something together .	the crowd with their adult rides <oov> platform .	2
two women are observing something together .	the crowd with machinery hats on it jupiter .	2
two women are observing something together .	the crowd with men on cobblestone dinosaurs fishing .	2
two women are observing something together .	the crowd with men hats on it benches .	2
two women are observing something together .	the crowd with machinery people on camels it .	2
two women are observing something together .	two girls are eating food .	0
two women are observing something together .	there are girls at something . a	0
two women are observing something together .	there are girls at something . with	0
two women are observing something together .	girls are towing under white .	0
two women are observing something together .	an <oov> are winning old .	0
two women are observing something together .	girls are hugging at something .	0
two women are observing something together .	two girls are eating swords . at	0
two women are observing something together .	there are girls having lighting . to a	0
two women are observing something together .	their there are poverty wires . a	0
two women are observing something together .	girls are hugging at something .	0
two women are observing something together .	there are girls at something . <oov>	0
two women are observing something together .	there are girls barbecuing sitting .	0
two women are observing something together .	there are girls at something . ladle	0
two women are observing something together .	there are girls at something . conditioning	0
two women are observing something together .	there are girls kitchenaid sitting . a	0
two women are observing something together .	there are girls having shoulder . after	0
two women are observing something together .	two girls are eating something .	0
two women are observing something together .	girls are eating food down .	0
two women are observing something together .	girls are hugging at something .	0
two women are observing something together .	girls are eating sinks cakes .	0
two women are observing something together .	there are girls hanging seated . outside	0
two women are observing something together .	there are girls having lemonade . <oov>	0
two women are observing something together .	girls are delivering business something . group	0
two women are observing something together .	there are girls suits something . people	0
two women are observing something together .	there are girls at something . people	0
two women are observing something together .	there are girls suits something . an	0
two women are observing something together .	there are girls brothers drunk . <oov>	0
two women are observing something together .	there are girls at something . a	0
two women are observing something together .	there are girls congregating .	0
two women are observing something together .	two girls are eating beans .	0
two women are observing something together .	there are girls bound .	0
