contradiction	A brown and black dog runs on the grass outdoors in front of a pavement .	The zoo is slumber in the cellar .
contradiction	A brown and black dog runs on the grass outdoors in front of a sidewalk .	The animals is slept in the cellar .
contradiction	A brown and black dog runs on the grass outdoors in front of a pavement .	The animals is slept in the cellar .
contradiction	A negro mam in an orange frock with her two petite boys and husband at an exterior markets stand .	A families skeet shooting
contradiction	A negro mama in an orange dress with her two small boys and husband at an outdoor marketplace stand .	A families skeet shooting
contradiction	A negro mom in an orange attire with her two petite boys and husband at an outdoor markets stand .	A families skeet shooting
contradiction	A panel of teenaged playing on a colorful structure .	A grouping of teenage is watching TV in the living room .
contradiction	A panel of miner play on a colorful structure .	A panels of teenaged is watching TV in the living rooms .
contradiction	A grouping of teenager playing on a colorful structure .	A panel of teenagers is watching TV in the living room .
contradiction	A females within an orchestra is playing a violin .	A masculine is searching in a telescopes .
contradiction	A female within an orchestra is playing a violin .	A males is quest in a telescope .
contradiction	A woman within an orchestra is play a violin .	A men is searching in a telescopes .
contradiction	A male walking and carry a laptops .	The woman is reading a book .
contradiction	A mens walking and carrying a mobiles .	The females is reading a book .
contradiction	A males walking and carrying a notepad .	The females is reading a book .
contradiction	A men in an overcoat putting on his gloves at a underpass station .	A males is taking the bus .
contradiction	A males in an overcoat putting on his gloves at a subway station .	A male is taking the bus .
contradiction	A mens in an overcoat putting on his gloves at a subway station .	A male is taking the bus .
contradiction	One confused male is standing and staring off into the distance in front of some ticket collection machines .	The male is not confused .
contradiction	One confused males is standing and staring off into the distance in front of some ticket collection machines .	The men is not confused .
contradiction	One confused man is standing and staring off into the distance in front of some ticket collect machines .	The masculine is not confused .
contradiction	Under the glaring light of a fluorescent bulb , mens in dark garments and hats approach fare valentines machines ; one outdated male in a blue scarf glances up as he puts on his gloves .	The mens are wearing bright suits in the park .
contradiction	Under the glaring light of a fluorescent bulb , male in dark sportswear and hats approaches fare card machines ; one outdated men in a blue scarf glances up as he puts on his gloves .	The man are wearing bright suits in the park .
contradiction	Under the glaring light of a fluorescent bulb , male in dark clothing and hats approach fare valentines machines ; one old masculine in a blue scarf glances up as he puts on his gloves .	The males are wearing bright suits in the park .
contradiction	two dogs battling over a pink and red toy	The dogs are eating from their dog bowls .
contradiction	two dogs battles over a pink and red toy	The dogs are eating from their dog bowls .
contradiction	two dogs combat over a pink and red toy	The dogs are eating from their dog bowls .
contradiction	A panel of friends are sitting at a table while drinking alcohol at their local pub .	a groups of friends are slumber .
contradiction	A groups of friends are sitting at a tables while drinking alcohol at their local pub .	a panel of friends are slumber .
contradiction	A panel of friends are sitting at a tables while drinking alcohol at their local pub .	a group of friends are slumber .
contradiction	A person wearing a red shirt is falling off a white surfboard .	A person is falling off their motorcycles .
contradiction	A persons wearing a red shirt is falling off a white surfboard .	A persons is falling off their motorcycle .
contradiction	A person wearing a red shirt is falling off a white surfboard .	A person is falling off their biking .
contradiction	A masculine is walking past a huge sign that says E.S.E. Electronics .	A man is running past the sign .
contradiction	A men is walking past a vast sign that says E.S.E. Electronics .	A men is running past the sign .
contradiction	A mens is walking past a enormous sign that says E.S.E. Electronics .	A males is running past the sign .
contradiction	An African American men is posing in front of an E.S.E. Electronics announcements billboard after purchases items from the local liquor boutique .	Man breaks camera in front of liquor store .
contradiction	An African American male is posing in front of an E.S.E. Electronics announcements billboard after purchasing item from the local liquor boutique .	Man breaks camera in front of liquor boutique .
contradiction	An African American masculine is posing in front of an E.S.E. Electronics advertisement billboard after purchasing items from the local liquor boutique .	Man breaks camera in front of liquor boutique .
contradiction	A crowd of people are packages into a metro automobiles .	One individuals sits on a subway vehicular alone .
contradiction	A crowd of people are packing into a underpass automobile .	One person sits on a underground automobiles alone .
contradiction	A crowd of people are bundles into a underground motor .	One persons sits on a underground motors alone .
contradiction	Three male , one holding tube , another holding a huge object above his head , and one rest against the tubing bed on the truck , are quest at the camera .	three males sleep in a tent
contradiction	Three males , one holding piping , another holding a hefty object above his head , and one rest against the tube bed on the truck , are looking at the camera .	three male slumber in a tent
contradiction	Three men , one holding pipe , another holding a huge object above his head , and one resting against the tubes bed on the truck , are search at the camera .	three man slept in a tent
contradiction	A daughters wearing a scarf is brushing a equestrian .	A girl is sitting on a park bench holding a terrier .
contradiction	A girls wearing a scarf is brushing a equestrian .	A daughters is sitting on a park bench holding a dachshund .
contradiction	A daughters wearing a scarf is brushing a horse .	A daughters is sitting on a park bench holding a schnauzer .
contradiction	A closeup view of a guitarist in a red shirt standing outer , with a groups of kids playing around him .	A guitarist sitting on stage .
contradiction	A closeup view of a guitarist in a red shirt standing outside , with a group of youths playing around him .	A guitarist sitting on stages .
contradiction	A closeup view of a guitarist in a red shirt standing outboard , with a panel of child playing around him .	A guitarist sitting on stage .
contradiction	A girls in a white knit hat and winter gear rubs her tongue over her braces .	The girl is prepared to go swim .
contradiction	A daughters in a white knitting hat and winter gear rubs her tongue over her braces .	The girl is prepared to go swimming .
contradiction	A daughters in a white knit hat and winter gear rubs her tongue over her braces .	The daughter is ready to go swim .
contradiction	A crowd walks roughly a squares at nighttime with smoked or fog drifting over them .	A grouping of people dancing in the daylight .
contradiction	A crowd walks about a square at overnight with smokers or fog drifting over them .	A grouping of people dancing in the daylight .
contradiction	A crowd walks roughly a squares at overnight with smokes or fog drifting over them .	A group of people dance in the daytime .
contradiction	An Asian woman enjoys a nice treat	A business man is hurrying to work .
contradiction	An Asian female enjoys a nice treat	A business mens is hurrying to work .
contradiction	An Asian females enjoys a nice treat	A corporations masculine is hurrying to work .
contradiction	A schoolgirl is jumping over a low barrier .	A daughter tripped on herself avant she try to leap over a barrier .
contradiction	A schoolgirl is jumping over a low obstacles .	A girls tripped on herself before she attempt to leap over a impediment .
contradiction	A schoolgirl is jumping over a low hurdles .	A girls tripped on herself avant she try to leap over a barriers .
contradiction	A female is seen from above applying red nail polish to her toes , as they resting on a leather seats .	The woman is standing .
contradiction	A women is seen from above apply red nail polish to her toes , as they resting on a leather seats .	The females is standing .
contradiction	A females is seen from above applying red nail polish to her toes , as they resting on a leather seat .	The females is standing .
contradiction	Kids play on the rocks with a steamboat in the background .	The youthful are at school .
contradiction	Kids play on the rocks with a steam in the background .	The adolescence are at school .
contradiction	Kids playing on the rocks with a steamed in the background .	The smaller are at school .
contradiction	A males , wearing a white hating and goggles , is sitting in a white truck that says `` Coast Gas '' .	A males is sitting on his porsche .
contradiction	A mens , wearing a white hating and goggles , is sitting in a white truck that says `` Coast Gas '' .	A men is sitting on his porsche .
contradiction	A males , wearing a white hate and goggles , is sitting in a white truck that says `` Coast Gas '' .	A male is sitting on his audi .
contradiction	A Lady in a Green and Black Jacket , and Blue breeches , taking a Photos of a Horse .	A hairless dame takes photographing of a horse .
contradiction	A Lady in a Green and Black Jacket , and Blue underclothes , taking a Photos of a Horse .	A naked lady takes photograph of a equestrian .
contradiction	A Lady in a Green and Black Jacket , and Blue pants , taking a Photos of a Horse .	A naked dame takes photos of a horse .
contradiction	This individuals in a yellow kayak is riding the swift .	This individuals is in a hot airliner balloon
contradiction	This person in a yellow kayak is riding the fastest .	This person is in a hot jets balloon
contradiction	This person in a yellow kayak is riding the rapidly .	This persons is in a hot aircraft balloon
contradiction	A males in a mask in the back of a servicing motor .	A woman is showing her head while riding on a horse
contradiction	A men in a mask in the back of a service automobiles .	A women is showing her head while riding on a horse
contradiction	A mens in a mask in the back of a servicing motors .	A woman is showing her head while riding on a horse
contradiction	A horse has fallen down on the green grass and the jockey riding on top is trying his hardest to not fall off .	The horse is riding gallantly through the grass .
contradiction	A horse has fallen down on the green grass and the jockey riding on top is trying his hardest to not fall off .	The equestrian is riding gallantly through the grass .
contradiction	A horse has fallen down on the green grass and the jockey riding on top is trying his hardest to not fall off .	The horse is riding gallantly through the grass .
contradiction	Three boys in white shirts are walking behind an age model Ford motors .	There are three girls
contradiction	Three boys in white shirts are walking behind an ancient model Ford automobiles .	There are three girls
contradiction	Three boys in white shirts are walking behind an elder model Ford cars .	There are three girls
contradiction	A individuals with an orange shovel is shoveling snowy .	The rain is pouring in the desert
contradiction	A persons with an orange shovel is shoveling snowy .	The rain is pouring in the desert
contradiction	A persons with an orange shovel is shoveling snow .	The rain is pouring in the desert
contradiction	Workers wearing orange vests stand near rail trails .	Workers are sitting and riding a train .
contradiction	Workers wearing orange vests stand near rail trails .	Workers are sitting and riding a train .
contradiction	Workers wearing orange vests stand near rail tracks .	Workers are sitting and riding a train .
contradiction	A member of a Bergwacht team leads a sled laden with orange material while on ski as his colleague stands in the foreground .	A mens is skiing .
contradiction	A member of a Bergwacht team leads a sled laden with orange material while on skis as his colleague stands in the foreground .	A man is snowboarding .
contradiction	A members of a Bergwacht team leads a sled laden with orange materials while on skis as his colleague stands in the foreground .	A masculine is snowboarding .
contradiction	A skateboarder is performing a grab ploy while hovering above a ramp , which is located within a town .	A skateboarder is in his backyard wrestling with his friends .
contradiction	A skateboarder is performing a grab ploy while hovering above a ramp , which is located within a city .	A skateboarder is in his courtyard wrestling with his friends .
contradiction	A skateboarder is performing a grab ploy while hovering above a ramp , which is located within a city .	A skateboarder is in his courtyard wrestling with his friends .
contradiction	A teenager boy giving his brother a piggyback ride	a boy is play monopoly with his brother
contradiction	A teen boy giving his brother a piggyback ride	a boy is play monopoly with his brother
contradiction	A miner boy giving his brother a piggyback ride	a boy is play monopoly with his brother
contradiction	A woman teaching a ballet class comprised of petite underage holding colourful scarves .	A woman is teaching a ballet class comprised of middle old males holding white scarves .
contradiction	A female teaching a ballet class composed of petite miners holding colourful scarves .	A woman is teaching a ballet class comprised of media seniors males holding white scarves .
contradiction	A females teaching a ballet class comprised of petite young holding colourful scarves .	A woman is teaching a ballet class comprised of media aged male holding white scarves .
contradiction	The two boys are swim with boogie boards .	The two boys are in their bath tub
contradiction	The two boys are swim with boogie boards .	The two boys are in their bath tub
contradiction	The two boys are swim with boogie boards .	The two boys are in their bath tub
contradiction	A male in a suit with a purple striped tie conversation to a lady wearing glasses .	A male is shoplift a lady 's purse at the bank .
contradiction	A male in a suit with a purple striped tie discussions to a lady wearing spectacles .	A men is theft a lady 's bag at the bank .
contradiction	A men in a suit with a purple striped tie talking to a lady wearing goggles .	A masculine is robbery a lady 's sac at the bank .
contradiction	Three girl are standing and conversation to each other .	Three girl are seated
contradiction	Three girl are standing and discussions to each other .	Three girls are seated
contradiction	Three daughter are standing and discussions to each other .	Three daughter are seated
contradiction	People are standing next to a strings link fences .	The people are siting down .
contradiction	People are standing next to a chain link fencing .	The people are siting down .
contradiction	People are standing next to a chain link fences .	The people are siting down .
contradiction	Two guys walking , one carry a skateboard	The mens are carrying cycling .
contradiction	Two guys walking , one carrying a skateboard	The males are carrying bicycles .
contradiction	Two guys walking , one carrying a skateboard	The male are carrying bikes .
contradiction	A men runner in an orange and white t-shirt and black shorts is sprinting down the track .	Nobody is running
contradiction	A men runner in an orange and white t-shirt and black shorts is sprinting down the track .	Nobody is running
contradiction	A males runner in an orange and white t-shirt and negro shorts is sprinting down the track .	Nobody is running
contradiction	Three daughters blow out the candles of a cake made of Peeps .	There are peeps in the garden .
contradiction	Three daughters blow out the candles of a cake made of Peeps .	There are peeps in the garden .
contradiction	Three girl blow out the candles of a cake made of Peeps .	There are peeps in the garden .
contradiction	Kids play in water coming up in flows out of a tiled floor with an photos of a jumbo rose on it .	Kids are playing basketball in a pond .
contradiction	Kids play in water coming up in streams out of a tiled floor with an photos of a overwhelming rose on it .	Kids are play basketball in a pond .
contradiction	Kids playing in water coming up in flows out of a tiled floor with an photography of a mammoth rose on it .	Kids are play basketball in a pond .
contradiction	A woman is in the media of hitting a tennis ball .	A females is slept .
contradiction	A female is in the medium of hitting a tennis ball .	A women is sleeping .
contradiction	A women is in the medium of hitting a tennis ball .	A woman is slept .
contradiction	Here is an announcing for everybody approximately the beach .	There are hundreds of sharks on the beach .
contradiction	Here is an advertise for everybody about the beach .	There are hundreds of sharks on the beach .
contradiction	Here is an ad for everybody approximately the beach .	There are hundreds of shark on the beach .
contradiction	A individuals in a yellow helmet rock climb while another person waits on the ground with the tether .	The helmet is negro .
contradiction	A individuals in a yellow helmet rock climb while another individuals waits on the ground with the tether .	The helmet is black .
contradiction	A persons in a yellow helmet rock climb while another persons waits on the ground with the tether .	The helmet is black .
contradiction	Two Asian people cooks on a grill in a park .	The couple are cook in there home kitchen .
contradiction	Two Asian people cooking on a grill in a park .	The couple are cooks in there home kitchen .
contradiction	Two Asian people cook on a grille in a park .	The couple are cooks in there home kitchen .
contradiction	A group of teenaged searches at the contents of a slide through a microscope displayed on a computers screen .	The youths are looking through a telescopes .
contradiction	A grouping of teenaged searching at the contents of a slide through a microscope displayed on a computer screen .	The teens are searches through a telescopes .
contradiction	A panels of juvenile looking at the contents of a slide through a microscope displayed on a computer screen .	The youngsters are quest through a telescopes .
contradiction	A groups of men and boys look upwards at something .	A snake eating a mice .
contradiction	A panels of male and boys look upwards at something .	A snake eating a mouse .
contradiction	A panels of mens and boys look upwards at something .	A snake eating a mice .
contradiction	A brown dog runs through a grassy field	A men shoots a rabbit .
contradiction	A brown dog runs through a grassy field	A masculine shoots a bunny .
contradiction	A brown dog runs through a grassy field	A male shoots a bunny .
contradiction	A crowd of people quest up at 3 people on the edge of the roof of a building .	Three people are climbing down the ladder on the building .
contradiction	A crowd of people search up at 3 people on the edge of the roof of a building .	Three people are climbing down the ladder on the building .
contradiction	A crowd of people quest up at 3 people on the edge of the roof of a building .	Three people are climb down the ladder on the building .
contradiction	A negro dog is excavation in the snow .	A cat running down a beach
contradiction	A negro dog is dig in the snow .	A cat running down a beach
contradiction	A negro dog is digs in the snow .	A cat running down a beach
contradiction	A daughter jumps in the aeroplane .	A girls jumping rope on Mars .
contradiction	A daughter jumps in the aviation .	A daughters jumping rope on Mars .
contradiction	A girl jumps in the aviation .	A daughters jumping rope on Mars .
contradiction	Man in red jacket is opened the door while holding his motor keys .	The males dropped his car vital in the sewer
contradiction	Man in red jacket is openings the gate while holding his cars key .	The mens dropped his cars keys in the sewer
contradiction	Man in red jacket is open the door while holding his vehicles keys .	The mens dropped his auto key in the sewer
contradiction	young are searches at something on a tables .	Some adolescence are combustion the tables down .
contradiction	teenagers are search at something on a tables .	Some adolescent are combustion the tables down .
contradiction	child are quest at something on a table .	Some youthful are burns the table down .
contradiction	A individuals attired in winter clothing poses with a snowman surrounded by snowy covered landscape .	A snowman is taking photographed of his friends .
contradiction	A person dressed in winter garment poses with a snowman surrounded by snowy covered landscape .	A snowman is taking photographing of his friends .
contradiction	A persons dressed in winter apparel poses with a snowman surrounded by snow covered landscape .	A snowman is taking photographer of his friends .
contradiction	Baby in running in over-sized flip-flops .	A teenagers boy is playing with a basketball .
contradiction	Baby in running in over-sized flip-flops .	A kids boy is play with a basketball .
contradiction	Baby in running in over-sized flip-flops .	A juveniles boy is playing with a basketball .
contradiction	adolescence holding handles on two wheels object	The miners is asleep .
contradiction	teens holding handles on two wheel object	The juvenile is asleep .
contradiction	young holding handles on two wheels object	The smaller is asleep .
contradiction	There is a panel of miners getting their photographic taken with presents .	Two males carrying a Christmas trees .
contradiction	There is a group of smaller getting their photographic taken with presents .	Two male carry a Christmas trees .
contradiction	There is a panel of kids getting their photography taken with presents .	Two men carry a Christmas tree .
contradiction	A masculine is walking in the street .	A men is play golf .
contradiction	A masculine is walking in the street .	A male is playing golf .
contradiction	A man is walking in the street .	A mens is play golf .
contradiction	The immense dog is audit out the kid dog .	Two cats standing together , one is overwhelming and the other is petite .
contradiction	The jumbo dog is auditing out the youths dog .	Two cats standing together , one is enormous and the other is petite .
contradiction	The mammoth dog is auditing out the youth dog .	Two cats standing together , one is enormous and the other is petite .
contradiction	A women working long hours .	A female is slept .
contradiction	A women working lengthy hours .	A women is sleeping .
contradiction	A female working lengthy hours .	A female is sleep .
contradiction	A masculine stands speaking to a crowd of sitting people , all wearing business garb .	A boy is riding a wave on his surfboard .
contradiction	A man stands speaking to a crowd of sitting people , all wearing corporations garb .	A boy is riding a wave on his surfboard .
contradiction	A masculine stands speaking to a crowd of sitting people , all wearing businesses garb .	A boy is riding a wave on his surfboard .
contradiction	A woman is standing near three storage , two have beautiful artwork and the other boutique has Largo written on it .	A female sitting next to a stopping sign near a resting halt restroom outer .
contradiction	A woman is standing near three storage , two have beautiful artwork and the other boutique has Largo written on it .	A women sitting next to a stop sign near a resting halting bathhouse outside .
contradiction	A females is standing near three storage , two have beautiful artwork and the other boutique has Largo written on it .	A female sitting next to a stop sign near a resting halt tub outer .
contradiction	Two miners girls conversing next to lockers .	Girls talking next to the toilets .
contradiction	Two minors girls conversing next to lockers .	Girls talking next to the toilet .
contradiction	Two teen girls conversing next to lockers .	Girls discussions next to the bathrooms .
contradiction	An expensive vehicle is parked in what looks like a car-wash with a male standing at the opening travellers door side .	The mens is inside the auto .
contradiction	An expensive autos is parked in what looks like a car-wash with a man standing at the opens travelers door side .	The male is inland the motor .
contradiction	An expensive autos is parked in what looks like a car-wash with a male standing at the open traveller gate side .	The men is inner the motors .
contradiction	Man and female standing under a red umbrella .	The two female stood under the black umbrella .
contradiction	Man and woman standing under a red umbrella .	The two females stood under the black umbrella .
contradiction	Man and females standing under a red umbrella .	The two female stood under the negro umbrella .
contradiction	Man in white jumper looks from his press box onto the pitching .	A mens writes his sports story
contradiction	Man in white jumper looks from his press box onto the pitch .	A mens writes his athletes story
contradiction	Man in white sweater looks from his press box onto the pitching .	A male writes his athletics story
contradiction	Man in white sweater looks from his press box onto the pitching .	A mens sits in a casino
contradiction	Man in white jumper looks from his pressing box onto the pitching .	A male sits in a casino
contradiction	Man in white jumper looks from his pressing box onto the pitching .	A masculine sits in a casino
contradiction	A statue at a museum that no seems to be searching at .	Tons of people are gathered around the statue .
contradiction	A statue at a museum that no seems to be searching at .	Tons of people are gathered around the statue .
contradiction	A statue at a museum that no seems to be looking at .	Tons of people are gathered around the statue .
contradiction	A men holding some sorts of vegetables while his wife in a red jumper stares to the side , and his daughters in a red jumper looks at the camera .	A masculine holding grapes poses for a paints .
contradiction	A masculine holding some sort of vegetables while his wife in a red jumper stares to the side , and his girl in a red jumper looks at the camera .	A masculine holding grapes poses for a painting .
contradiction	A males holding some sorted of vegetables while his wife in a red sweater stares to the side , and his girl in a red sweater looks at the camera .	A masculine holding grapes poses for a painted .
contradiction	A man in a marketplace holding some very enormous green onions while smoking a cigarette .	A men is holding apples .
contradiction	A male in a markets holding some very heavy green onions while smokes a cigarette .	A men is holding apples .
contradiction	A masculine in a markets holding some very mammoth green onions while smoked a cigarette .	A male is holding apples .
contradiction	A females bowler attired in blue , with another bowler in the background , prepares to throw a ball down the lanes .	A women is alone at a snooker alley
contradiction	A woman bowler dressed in blue , with another bowler in the background , prepares to throw a ball down the lanes .	A woman is alone at a bowling alley
contradiction	A female bowler clothed in blue , with another bowler in the background , prepares to throw a ball down the lane .	A women is alone at a billiard alley
contradiction	Someone in a white and negro polka dotted outfit handing out little cartons of orange juice behind precaution logging on a street .	A monkey is passing out orange juice in the mid of the forestry .
contradiction	Someone in a white and black polka dot outfit handing out small cartons of orange juice behind caution register on a street .	A monkey is passing out orange juice in the middle of the forester .
contradiction	Someone in a white and negro polka dots outfit handing out petite cartons of orange juice behind caution recorded on a street .	A monkey is passing out orange juice in the media of the forest .
contradiction	A light colored dog leaps over a hurdle .	A dog is slumber on the tables .
contradiction	A light colored dog leaps over a barriers .	A dog is slept on the table .
contradiction	A light colored dog leaps over a hurdles .	A dog is slumber on the table .
contradiction	Man with beard doing skateboard stunt	A clean shaven mens skateboards .
contradiction	Man with beard doing skateboarding stunt	A clean shaven man skateboards .
contradiction	Man with beard doing skateboard stunt	A clean shaven men skateboards .
contradiction	A females is chatting as she beverages her coffee .	The women is mute .
contradiction	A females is chatting as she drinks her coffee .	The female is mute .
contradiction	A females is chatting as she beverages her coffee .	The woman is silence .
contradiction	A females in a yellow skirt is dancing with a male in a white shirt , with another couple dancing in the background .	Two man dances together in the middle
contradiction	A female in a yellow skirt is dancing with a man in a white shirt , with another couple dances in the background .	Two mens dances together in the middle
contradiction	A women in a yellow skirt is dances with a mens in a white shirt , with another couple dance in the background .	Two male dancing together in the middle
contradiction	San Fransisco 49ers football field with cheerleaders and a bundles stadium .	The football games got canceling and the field is empty .
contradiction	San Fransisco 49ers football field with cheerleaders and a packaged stadium .	The football games got cancelled and the field is hollow .
contradiction	San Fransisco 49ers football field with cheerleaders and a package stadium .	The football games got canceled and the field is empty .
contradiction	A men in an army uniform meeting someone foreign .	A male in a naval uniforms is meetings his wife .
contradiction	A men in an army uniform meeting someone foreign .	A man in a naval uniform is meeting his wife .
contradiction	A males in an army uniform meeting someone foreign .	A male in a ocean standardized is meetings his wife .
contradiction	An old female clocks a males look down at some balls on the ground .	Two people are slept on the train .
contradiction	An elders women clocks a masculine look down at some balls on the ground .	Two people are slept on the train .
contradiction	An elderly woman clocks a mens look down at some balls on the ground .	Two people are sleep on the train .
contradiction	A adolescents masculine holds a hammer shaped object in the aviation with one hand and a similar shaped object in the other while making a funny expression .	The persons is eating a sandwich .
contradiction	A teenager men holds a hammer shaped object in the airliner with one hand and a similar shaped object in the other while making a funny expression .	The person is eating a sandwich .
contradiction	A miners male holds a hammer shaped object in the midair with one hand and a similar shaped object in the other while making a funny expression .	The individuals is eating a sandwich .
contradiction	The fireman and women wearing blue gloves have finished working on a person who is lie on ground bandaged and draped in a blue blanket .	The firefighter are setting a fire .
contradiction	The fireman and females wearing blue gloves have finished working on a person who is lies on ground bandaged and draped in a blue blanket .	The fireman are setting a fire .
contradiction	The firefighting and female wearing blue gloves have finished working on a individuals who is lurks on ground bandaged and draped in a blue blanket .	The firemen are setting a fire .
contradiction	A bearded men with a wallets on his back holding a tripod in front of a rocky creek and bridges .	The male was sitting indoors watching TV .
contradiction	A bearded males with a handbags on his back holding a tripod in front of a rocky creek and bridge .	The men was sitting indoors watching TV .
contradiction	A bearded men with a knapsack on his back holding a tripod in front of a rocky creek and bridge .	The mens was sitting indoors watching TV .
contradiction	a kid male wearing dark goggles smiling	A boy is taking an exam .
contradiction	a adolescents masculine wearing dark glasses smiling	A boy is taking an review .
contradiction	a adolescents man wearing dark eyeglasses smiling	A boy is taking an inspect .
contradiction	Indian man sells food items on the sidewalk	Men are purchasing food on the sidewalk .
contradiction	Indian men sells food items on the sidewalk	Men are purchasing food on the pavement .
contradiction	Indian male sale food item on the sidewalk	Men are buys food on the sidewalk .
contradiction	People sitting in chair along a tree-lined sidewalk .	People are standing on the pavement
contradiction	People sitting in chair along a tree-lined pavement .	People are standing on the pavement
contradiction	People sitting in chair along a tree-lined pavement .	People are standing on the pavement
contradiction	Three males are doing a musical set with wire and equipment all over the stages , and they are holding exclusive guitar like instruments .	The three man were telling jokes on stages to entertain the crowd
contradiction	Three males are doing a musical set with cable and equipment all over the stages , and they are holding single guitar like instruments .	The three masculine were telling jokes on stages to entertain the crowd
contradiction	Three male are doing a musical set with wiring and equipment all over the stages , and they are holding loner guitar like instruments .	The three masculine were telling jokes on stages to entertain the crowd
contradiction	A male walks with a cow down a dirt sidewalk .	A mens pursues his dog .
contradiction	A man walks with a cow down a filth pavement .	A males hunted his dog .
contradiction	A men walks with a cow down a filth sidewalk .	A men hunted his dog .
contradiction	A males in aerodynamic gear riding a bike down a routing around a sharp curve .	the man is skiing
contradiction	A men in aerodynamic gear riding a moped down a pathway around a sharp curve .	the males is skiing
contradiction	A men in aerodynamic gear riding a motorbike down a routes around a sharp curve .	the males is skiing
contradiction	A men in aerodynamic gear riding a bikes down a path around a sharp curve .	the mens is going to the store
contradiction	A males in aerodynamic gear riding a cycling down a road around a sharp curve .	the mens is going to the store
contradiction	A men in aerodynamic gear riding a motorcycle down a path around a sharp curve .	the male is going to the store
contradiction	Soldiers are holding gunpoint and peeking around a building .	Soldiers are holding weapon in a huge featureless desert .
contradiction	Soldiers are holding armed and peeking around a building .	Soldiers are holding weapon in a heavy featureless deserts .
contradiction	Soldiers are holding shotguns and peeking around a building .	Soldiers are holding rifles in a enormous featureless desert .
contradiction	Three masculine in Soldier dress and helmets stand with arms outside of a building .	There are people avoided traffic on a busy New York street .
contradiction	Three males in Soldier dress and helmets stand with gunpoint outboard of a building .	There are people avoid traffic on a busy New York street .
contradiction	Three masculine in Soldier frock and helmets stand with firearms outside of a building .	There are people avoiding traffic on a busy New York street .
contradiction	Two children , both wearing tan coats , are embracing one another .	Two teenager are running down a interstate .
contradiction	Two adolescent , both wearing tan coats , are embracing one another .	Two miners are running down a highway .
contradiction	Two kid , both wearing tan coats , are embracing one another .	Two juveniles are running down a expressway .
contradiction	A men is watching as a woman is reading a piece of paper .	A females watches as a male reads a paper .
contradiction	A male is watching as a females is reading a piece of paper .	A female watches as a masculine reads a paper .
contradiction	A males is watching as a females is reading a piece of paper .	A woman watches as a male reads a paper .
contradiction	A female raises her gun as she looks out over the water at the setting sun .	a woman slumber in front of a fire
contradiction	A females raises her firearm as she looks out over the water at the setting sun .	a females slumber in front of a fire
contradiction	A woman raises her shotgun as she looks out over the water at the setting sun .	a female sleeping in front of a fire
contradiction	A male takes a drink in the doorway of a home .	The males is sitting at the tables .
contradiction	A male takes a drink in the doorway of a home .	The male is sitting at the table .
contradiction	A man takes a drink in the doorway of a home .	The masculine is sitting at the tables .
contradiction	A males in a white and grey shirt looks on as a shirtless mens with a mustache cleans fishes on a pale green table .	The masculine in an orange shirt watches another man washing dishes .
contradiction	A male in a white and grey shirt looks on as a shirtless mens with a mustache cleans fish on a pale green tables .	The males in an orange shirt watches another man washes dishes .
contradiction	A man in a white and grey shirt looks on as a shirtless man with a mustache cleans fishes on a pale green table .	The man in an orange shirt watches another men wash dishes .
contradiction	A tattooed masculine posing with a woman carrying a yellow handbags .	A couple looks at porno .
contradiction	A tattooed man posing with a females carrying a yellow wallets .	A couple looks at porno .
contradiction	A tattooed man posing with a women carrying a yellow purse .	A couple looks at porno .
contradiction	Two woman , one wearing a blue striped shirt and the other wearing a flowered shirt , are riding horses .	Women are outer at a riding competitions where they watch masculine competing .
contradiction	Two woman , one wearing a blue striped shirt and the other wearing a flowered shirt , are riding horses .	Women are outside at a riding contest where they watch masculine compete .
contradiction	Two female , one wearing a blue striped shirt and the other wearing a flowered shirt , are riding horses .	Women are outdoor at a riding rivalry where they watch masculine competing .
contradiction	People are all standing together in front of a statue of an zoo , and they are all wearing cool-weather clothing .	A beautiful statue of a male .
contradiction	People are all standing together in front of a statue of an animals , and they are all wearing cool-weather apparel .	A beautiful statue of a men .
contradiction	People are all standing together in front of a statue of an animals , and they are all wearing cool-weather sportswear .	A beautiful statue of a masculine .
contradiction	A aviation fly overhead as serviceman masculine stand at attention , a flag blows in the wind as a dame in red stares out towards the camera .	An empty field is images .
contradiction	A jets flies overhead as servicemen mens stand at attention , a flag blows in the wind as a lady in red stares out toward the camera .	An hollow field is photographer .
contradiction	A airlines flies overhead as servicemen males stand at attention , a flag blows in the wind as a lady in red stares out toward the camera .	An hollow field is photo .
contradiction	Someone with a lengthy poles that appears to have a spike on the end is pointing it at a red balloon on the other side of the wall from him .	A boy sleeping in a hot plane balloon .
contradiction	Someone with a lengthy poles that appears to have a spike on the end is pointing it at a red balloon on the other side of the wall from him .	A boy sleep in a hot aircraft balloon .
contradiction	Someone with a long pole that appears to have a spiking on the end is pointing it at a red balloon on the other side of the wall from him .	A boy slumber in a hot aircraft balloon .
contradiction	2 minors who look linked are hanging out with 1 of them quest very sentimental and hugging the other .	Two teens were pushing each other .
contradiction	2 teenaged who look related are hanging out with 1 of them looking very sentimental and hugging the other .	Two adolescents were pushing each other .
contradiction	2 adolescents who look linked are hanging out with 1 of them looking very emotional and hugging the other .	Two teenage were pushing each other .
contradiction	The pitcher is pitching the ball in a game of baseball .	The boy plays basketball .
contradiction	The pitcher is pitching the ball in a games of baseball .	The boy plays basketball .
contradiction	The pitcher is pitch the ball in a games of baseball .	The boy plays basketball .
contradiction	A tan dog hunted a negro and white soccer ball .	A dog is chasing after a cat .
contradiction	A tan dog hunt a negro and white soccer ball .	A dog is hunts after a cat .
contradiction	A tan dog pursues a black and white soccer ball .	A dog is chasing after a cat .
contradiction	A heavy number of people wearing only white and red are walking on a street .	A jumbo number of people wearing black walking down the street .
contradiction	A huge number of people wearing solely white and red are walking on a street .	A huge number of people wearing black walking down the street .
contradiction	A gigantic number of people wearing solely white and red are walking on a street .	A immense number of people wearing black walking down the street .
contradiction	Some males and boys are playing with a Frisbee in a grassy areas .	A groups of people playing football .
contradiction	Some mens and boys are playing with a Frisbee in a grassy spheres .	A group of people playing football .
contradiction	Some males and boys are play with a Frisbee in a grassy zone .	A panels of people play football .
contradiction	Men wearing lifetime vests accelerates across a agency of water in an orange investigation .	The males are fight a fire .
contradiction	Men wearing lifetime vests speeding across a body of water in an orange navigating .	The males are combat a fire .
contradiction	Men wearing life vests speeding across a agency of water in an orange inquires .	The man are fighting a fire .
contradiction	A musician playing a guitar and harmonica sung a song with `` Whatever it Takes '' written on his guitar .	The musician is play the drumming .
contradiction	A musician playing a guitar and harmonica sung a song with `` Whatever it Takes '' written on his guitar .	The musician is playing the drum .
contradiction	A musician playing a guitar and harmonica sing a song with `` Whatever it Takes '' written on his guitar .	The musician is play the drumming .
contradiction	A white dog is running through the water at a beach	The white dog is sitting on the sand .
contradiction	A white dog is running through the water at a beach	The white dog is sitting on the sand .
contradiction	A white dog is running through the water at a beach	The white dog is sitting on the sand .
contradiction	A pale colored dog runs through a body of water .	A dog runs through a field .
contradiction	A pale colored dog runs through a bodies of water .	A dog runs through a field .
contradiction	A pale colored dog runs through a bodies of water .	A dog runs through a field .
contradiction	A daughter crosscountry skis .	A daughters is strolling down the park .
contradiction	A girls crosscountry skis .	A girl is strolling down the park .
contradiction	A daughter crosscountry ski .	A daughters is strolling down the park .
contradiction	A lady wearing gloves , and a ponytail cooks something while people stand and watch .	The dame is asleep
contradiction	A dame wearing gloves , and a ponytail cooks something while people stand and watch .	The lady is asleep
contradiction	A dame wearing gloves , and a ponytail cook something while people stand and watch .	The lady is asleep
contradiction	A lonesome individuals is walking in front of a white building .	A exclusive person is sitting at the dentist office wait his turn .
contradiction	A hermit person is walking in front of a white building .	A lonesome individuals is sitting at the dentists office wait his turn .
contradiction	A single person is walking in front of a white building .	A lone persons is sitting at the dentist office wait his turning .
contradiction	A baby daughter and little boy are standing next to a guitar and a drumming .	The boy is alone in the tub on the moon .
contradiction	A baby girls and petite boy are standing next to a guitar and a drums .	The boy is alone in the tub on the moon .
contradiction	A baby girls and little boy are standing next to a guitar and a drums .	The boy is alone in the bathroom on the moon .
contradiction	Trays of freshly-baked pretzels are being loads onto a delivery truck .	Pretzels are poisonous .
contradiction	Trays of freshly-baked pretzels are being burdened onto a delivery truck .	Pretzels are poisonous .
contradiction	Trays of freshly-baked pretzels are being loading onto a delivery truck .	Pretzels are poisonous .
contradiction	a red-haired woman play the violin	A females holds a broken violin .
contradiction	a red-haired woman play the violin	A females holds a broken violin .
contradiction	a red-haired females playing the violin	A females holds a broken violin .
contradiction	A tan dog plays with a white dog in a baby pool .	A couple of dogs are slept .
contradiction	A tan dog plays with a white dog in a baby pool .	A couple of dogs are slept .
contradiction	A tan dog plays with a white dog in a baby pool .	A couple of dogs are sleeping .
contradiction	A guy in glasses is biting into a pink marshmallow chick while somebody else is puckering their lips out wanting a bite .	A man eats a hamburger while his friend ask for a bite .
contradiction	A guy in goggles is biting into a pink marshmallow chick while somebody else is puckering their lips out wanting a bite .	A masculine eats a hamburger while his friend asks for a bite .
contradiction	A guy in eyeglasses is biting into a pink marshmallow chick while somebody else is puckering their lips out wanting a bite .	A man eats a hamburger while his friend asked for a bite .
contradiction	A guy in glasses is biting into a pink marshmallow chick while somebody else is puckering their lips out wanting a bite .	A women bites into a marshmallow chick
contradiction	A guy in sunglasses is biting into a pink marshmallow chick while somebody else is puckering their lips out wanting a bite .	A woman bites into a marshmallow chick
contradiction	A guy in eyeglasses is biting into a pink marshmallow chick while somebody else is puckering their lips out wanting a bite .	A female bites into a marshmallow chick
contradiction	A minor women in a bikini looking at something in a glass cases .	A bare females play piano .
contradiction	A teenager female in a bikini searches at something in a glass cases .	A hairless female playing piano .
contradiction	A young females in a bikini quest at something in a glass cases .	A bare female play piano .
contradiction	A long dark-haired mens sitting on the grass with a guitar in his lap in front of a blue skies .	A masculine with short hairstyle dances outside while playing the flute .
contradiction	A lengthy dark-haired men sitting on the grass with a guitar in his lap in front of a blue sky .	A male with short hairdo dances outboard while play the flute .
contradiction	A long dark-haired mens sitting on the grass with a guitar in his lap in front of a blue skies .	A men with short hairdo dance outboard while playing the flute .
contradiction	An archaic masculine talks to a street performer wearing makeup with a pet monkey .	The men is limited to bed .
contradiction	An aging mens talks to a street performer wearing makeup with a pet monkey .	The masculine is confined to bed .
contradiction	An elders men talks to a street performer wearing makeup with a pet monkey .	The man is confined to bed .
contradiction	A guy riding a mopeds near junk cars	A masculine is sitting on a parked mopeds wait for his friend .
contradiction	A guy riding a bicycling near junk cars	A male is sitting on a parked motorbike waiting for his friend .
contradiction	A guy riding a bicycles near junk cars	A masculine is sitting on a parked mopeds wait for his friend .
contradiction	An body grinder , in World War I helmet and clown makeup , speaks to an aging male in a blue , striped polo shirt .	Two male in solemnly frock are waiting outer restaurant at nightly .
contradiction	An body shredder , in World War I helmet and clown makeup , speaks to an antique mens in a blue , striped polo shirt .	Two male in solemnly dress are waiting outer restaurant at overnight .
contradiction	An bodies grinder , in World War I helmet and clown makeup , speaks to an elderly mens in a blue , striped polo shirt .	Two masculine in formally frock are waiting exterior restaurant at nightly .
contradiction	Mom and small boy having fun & eating by the lake .	A ma is pouring grape juice on the ground while her sons is crying .
contradiction	Mom and small boy having fun & eating by the lake .	A mommy is pouring grape juice on the ground while her son is crying .
contradiction	Mom and petite boy having fun & eating by the lake .	A mam is pouring grape juice on the ground while her son is crying .
contradiction	A very dirty racing car doing a exhaustion on some dirt .	A automobiles that has no tires .
contradiction	A very dirty race cars doing a exhaustion on some filth .	A automobiles that has no tire .
contradiction	A very dirty race automobiles doing a burnout on some dirt .	A motor that has no tire .
contradiction	A teenaged male in jeans and a red shirt , wearing yellow gloves , holds a tree branch .	A man swims across a pool
contradiction	A underage mens in jeans and a red shirt , wearing yellow gloves , holds a trees branch .	A male swims across a pool
contradiction	A adolescent males in jeans and a red shirt , wearing yellow gloves , holds a trees branch .	A masculine swims across a pool
contradiction	A man with a beard is play an acoustic guitar on the street .	A women flashes bystanders .
contradiction	A masculine with a beard is play an audible guitar on the street .	A females blinks bystanders .
contradiction	A masculine with a beard is playing an acoustic guitar on the street .	A female flashes bystanders .
contradiction	Players from two opposed teams wearing colorful cleats struggling to gain controlling over a ball on an AstroTurf field .	The players are having a party .
contradiction	Players from two opposed teams wearing colorful cleats struggling to gain controls over a ball on an AstroTurf field .	The gamers are having a parties .
contradiction	Players from two opposed teams wearing colorful cleats battles to gaining controls over a ball on an AstroTurf field .	The gamers are having a party .
contradiction	A women in a white apron prepares several meats on a large grill .	A males is eating his television dinner .
contradiction	A females in a white apron prepares myriad meats on a large grille .	A male is eating his television dinner .
contradiction	A females in a white apron prepares different meats on a hefty grille .	A men is eating his tv dinner .
contradiction	Women of India performing with blue banners , in beautiful blue costumes .	dogs sniff the air
contradiction	Women of India performing with blue streamers , in beautiful blue costumes .	dogs sniff the air
contradiction	Women of India performing with blue banners , in beautiful blue costumes .	dogs sniff the air
contradiction	Two dogs , the grey poodle high in the aviation , playing on the grass .	The zoo are lies on the bed .
contradiction	Two dogs , the grey poodle high in the aeroplane , play on the grass .	The animal are lying on the bed .
contradiction	Two dogs , the grey poodle high in the midair , playing on the grass .	The animals are lying on the bed .
contradiction	A girls laying on the ground on her cellphone .	a boy on his portable standing on ground
contradiction	A girl laying on the ground on her mobiles .	a boy on his mobiles standing on ground
contradiction	A girls laying on the ground on her portable .	a boy on his notebook standing on ground
contradiction	A mens is renovating a room .	A mens is laying outside in the grass .
contradiction	A man is renovating a room .	A men is laying outer in the grass .
contradiction	A mens is renovating a rooms .	A men is laying outside in the grass .
contradiction	A woman in a scarf , laugh , being licked by a dog .	A female is scratched by a cat
contradiction	A women in a scarf , laugh , being licked by a dog .	A woman is scratched by a cat
contradiction	A women in a scarf , laugh , being licked by a dog .	A women is scratched by a cat
contradiction	four people standing on a hiking trail in a forestry with immense trees logging on the ground close to them .	Nobody is standing
contradiction	four people standing on a hiking trail in a woodland with gigantic trees logging on the ground close to them .	Nobody is standing
contradiction	four people standing on a hiking trail in a forests with vast trees recording on the ground close to them .	Nobody is standing
contradiction	Young men performing a skateboarding trick on a pavement in a town .	A teen masculine is on a farm .
contradiction	Young mens performing a skateboard ploy on a pavement in a town .	A adolescence masculine is on a farm .
contradiction	Young male performing a skateboard trick on a sidewalk in a town .	A youths males is on a farm .
contradiction	A dark-skinned male in white shirts and a negro sleeveless shirt flips his skateboarding on a cemented surfaces surrounded by tall buildings and palm tree .	a men sitting down builds a tall building and eats a palm tree
contradiction	A dark-skinned male in white shirts and a negro sleeveless shirt flips his skateboard on a cement surfaces surrounded by tall buildings and palm trees .	a mens sitting down builds a tall building and eats a palm tree
contradiction	A dark-skinned masculine in white shirts and a black sleeveless shirt flips his skateboard on a cement surfaces surrounded by tall buildings and palm tree .	a masculine sitting down builds a tall building and eats a palm tree
contradiction	Two youth daughter hang tinsel on a Christmas tree in a rooms with blue curtains .	Two girl are in a rooms with red curtains .
contradiction	Two juveniles girl hang tinsel on a Christmas trees in a room with blue curtains .	Two daughter are in a rooms with red curtains .
contradiction	Two juvenile daughter hang tinsel on a Christmas tree in a room with blue curtains .	Two girls are in a room with red curtains .
contradiction	This is when daddy teach her how to ride her scooter .	the dad is dead
contradiction	This is when dad teach her how to ride her scooter .	the daddy is dead
contradiction	This is when papa taught her how to ride her scooter .	the daddy is dead
contradiction	A boy kneeling on a skateboarding riding down the street	A boy standing vertical on a skateboard .
contradiction	A boy kneeling on a skateboarding riding down the street	A boy standing vertical on a skateboard .
contradiction	A boy kneeling on a skateboarding riding down the street	A boy standing upright on a skateboarding .
contradiction	A professional swimmer spits water out after surfacing while grabbing the hand of someone assist him back to land .	The swimmer is eating a toasted marshmallow .
contradiction	A professional swimmer spits water out after surfacing while grabbing the hand of someone help him back to land .	The swimmer is eating a toasted marshmallow .
contradiction	A professional swimmer spits water out after surfacing while grabbing the hand of someone assists him back to land .	The swimmer is eating a toasted marshmallow .
contradiction	A masculine wearing a graduated ceilings , a suit , and an orange shawl walks in front of city shops .	A female wearing an evening robe is at a party .
contradiction	A males wearing a graduating ceilings , a suit , and an orange shawl walks in front of city shops .	A females wearing an evening gown is at a party .
contradiction	A masculine wearing a graduated ceilings , a suit , and an orange shawl walks in front of city shops .	A females wearing an evening gown is at a parties .
contradiction	Three people sitting on some stairs laughing .	The dogs are laughing .
contradiction	Three people sitting on some stairs laugh .	The dogs are laughing .
contradiction	Three people sitting on some stairs laugh .	The dogs are laugh .
contradiction	3 girls chatting and laugh on the stairwell .	Girls are not having a good schedule .
contradiction	3 girls chatting and laugh on the stairwell .	Girls are not having a good schedules .
contradiction	3 girl chatting and laugh on the stairwell .	Girls are not having a good periods .
contradiction	Shipyard workers are standing around .	Shipyard workers are unload the ships
contradiction	Shipyard workers are standing around .	Shipyard workers are unloading the ships
contradiction	Shipyard workers are standing around .	Shipyard workers are unloading the ships
contradiction	A skateboarder getting readies to perform on a half-tube rink where there are trees in the background .	Two horse manhunt after a mens holding a carrot .
contradiction	A skateboarder getting braced to perform on a half-tube rink where there are trees in the background .	Two equestrian chases after a man holding a carrot .
contradiction	A skateboarder getting poised to perform on a half-tube rink where there are trees in the background .	Two equestrian manhunt after a men holding a carrot .
contradiction	A dame wearing a straw hat and gold hoop earrings is pointing a finger .	A teens on a motorbike .
contradiction	A lady wearing a straw hat and gold hoop earrings is pointing a finger .	A teenagers on a motorcycle .
contradiction	A dame wearing a straw hat and gold hoop earrings is pointing a finger .	A kids on a bikes .
contradiction	A woman wearing a lengthy negro jacket and a brown hat is walking beside a park with a lot of blooming tree .	There is a park with no trees .
contradiction	A female wearing a lengthy negro jacket and a brown hat is walking beside a park with a lot of bloom trees .	There is a park with no trees .
contradiction	A women wearing a lengthy negro jacket and a brown hat is walking beside a park with a lot of blooming trees .	There is a park with no tree .
contradiction	an aging males in a tie died shirt playing a red according keys bored for a boy in blue .	There is a males watching others play instruments
contradiction	an ancient mens in a tie died shirt playing a red according key bored for a boy in blue .	There is a males watching others play instruments
contradiction	an age man in a tie died shirt play a red according keys bored for a boy in blue .	There is a men watching others play instruments
contradiction	A person crossing a bridges with train trails .	There was a woman tip-toeing across the train trails .
contradiction	A person crossed a bridge with train tracks .	There was a women tip-toeing across the train trails .
contradiction	A individuals cross a bridge with train trails .	There was a female tip-toeing across the train trails .
contradiction	A person crossing a bridges with train tracks .	A individuals jumped off the side of the bridge .
contradiction	A persons cross a bridge with train trails .	A person jumped off the side of the bridge .
contradiction	A individuals cross a bridge with train tracks .	A person jumped off the side of the bridges .
contradiction	A male in a black corporation suit stands upright next to a masculine wearing blue and leaning against a railing .	The mens in blue is Batman and the males in black is Jonny Cash .
contradiction	A mens in a negro business suit stands upright next to a masculine wearing blue and leaning against a railing .	The man in blue is Batman and the man in negro is Jonny Cash .
contradiction	A masculine in a black businesses suit stands upright next to a men wearing blue and leaning against a railing .	The males in blue is Batman and the male in negro is Jonny Cash .
contradiction	A groups of three people and one dog hike up a green mountainside .	People are having a picnic .
contradiction	A grouping of three people and one dog hike up a green mountainside .	People are having a picnic .
contradiction	A group of three people and one dog hike up a green mountainside .	People are having a picnic .
contradiction	Three hikers and a dog are walking through the foliage on the hillside .	People are walking along the beach .
contradiction	Three hikers and a dog are walking through the foliage on the hillside .	People are walking along the beach .
contradiction	Three hikers and a dog are walking through the foliage on the hillside .	People are walking along the beach .
contradiction	First Lady Laura Bush at podium , in front of seated audience , at the White House Conference on Global Literacy .	Laura Bush is drives a jet-ski near the Washington monument .
contradiction	First Lady Laura Bush at podium , in front of seated audience , at the White House Conference on Global Literacy .	Laura Bush is driving a jet-ski near the Washington memorial .
contradiction	First Lady Laura Bush at podium , in front of seated audience , at the White House Conference on Global Literacy .	Laura Bush is drive a jet-ski near the Washington monument .
contradiction	The male in the black wetsuit is walking out of the water .	A man is laying on the beach .
contradiction	The male in the negro wetsuit is walking out of the water .	A masculine is laying on the beach .
contradiction	The mens in the negro wetsuit is walking out of the water .	A masculine is laying on the beach .
contradiction	First Lady Laura Bush at podium , in front of seated audience , at the White House Conference on Global Literacy .	George Bush stands in front of a podium in front of an audience
contradiction	First Lady Laura Bush at podium , in front of seated audience , at the White House Conference on Global Literacy .	George Bush stands in front of a podium in front of an audience
contradiction	First Lady Laura Bush at podium , in front of seated audience , at the White House Conference on Global Literacy .	George Bush stands in front of a podium in front of an audience
contradiction	Two men stand in hula grass skirts stand in the back of a truck at the top of a silver ramp .	The two mens are wearing jog garments .
contradiction	Two man stand in hula grass skirts stand in the back of a truck at the top of a silver ramp .	The two males are wearing jog apparel .
contradiction	Two males stand in hula grass skirts stand in the back of a truck at the top of a silver ramp .	The two men are wearing jogging clothes .
contradiction	Times Square in New York .	Times Square is in California .
contradiction	Times Square in New York .	Times Square is in California .
contradiction	Times Square in New York .	Times Square is in California .
contradiction	A panel of child adults wait in line outdoors in the daylight .	A females drive a bulldozer .
contradiction	A group of adolescence grownup wait in line outdoors in the daylight .	A women drives a bulldozer .
contradiction	A panels of adolescence adult wait in line outdoors in the daytime .	A women driving a bulldozer .
contradiction	A men surfs on a media sized wave while holding a paddle that seems to steering him in the direction he wants to go .	A male milks a cow
contradiction	A men surfs on a medium sized wave while holding a paddle that seems to steer him in the direction he wants to go .	A man milks a cow
contradiction	A males surfs on a mid sized wave while holding a paddling that seems to steering him in the direction he wants to go .	A men milks a cow
contradiction	Two masculine and a Frisbee	Two males play with a basketball .
contradiction	Two men and a Frisbee	Two man playing with a basketball .
contradiction	Two mens and a Frisbee	Two men playing with a basketball .
contradiction	A boy in swim trunks wades out into the water .	The young girls gets into the water with her bathing suit .
contradiction	A boy in swimming trunks wades out into the water .	The adolescence girls gets into the water with her bathing suit .
contradiction	A boy in swimming trunks wades out into the water .	The miner daughter gets into the water with her bathing suit .
contradiction	Five girl and two guys are crossing a overpass .	The three male sit and talk roughly their lives .
contradiction	Five daughter and two guys are crossing a overpass .	The three male sit and talk about their lives .
contradiction	Five girl and two guys are crossed a overpass .	The three masculine sit and talk roughly their lives .
contradiction	A males is kayaking in coarse waters .	Ther is n't any water around the man
contradiction	A male is kayaking in rough waters .	Ther is n't any water around the man
contradiction	A men is kayaking in coarse waters .	Ther is n't any water around the man
contradiction	a mens wearing a red jacket and disguise pants is leaning against a giant tree in the snowy .	A man sips beer on the beach
contradiction	a male wearing a red jacket and conceal underpants is leaning against a giant tree in the snow .	A mens sips beer on the beach
contradiction	a males wearing a red jacket and camouflage undergarments is leaning against a giant trees in the snow .	A man sips beer on the beach
contradiction	A blue truck is drive on a desert paths carrying differing people and lots of differing cargo .	A motionless truck
contradiction	A blue truck is drive on a desert routes carrying differing people and lots of varying freight .	A motionless truck
contradiction	A blue truck is driving on a deserts routing carry varied people and lots of many freight .	A motionless truck
contradiction	A shirtless men with a white hat and no shoes sitting crisscross with his back against the wall holding up a white plastic cup .	A females is walking
contradiction	A shirtless mens with a white hat and no shoe sitting crisscross with his back against the wall holding up a white plastic cup .	A females is walking
contradiction	A shirtless male with a white hat and no shoes sitting crisscross with his back against the wall holding up a white plastic cup .	A woman is walking
contradiction	One females with jeans , grey shirt and sandals ; with daughter in all pink watching a white ball float in airplane .	The ball is on the floor .
contradiction	One woman with jeans , grey shirt and sandals ; with daughter in all pink watching a white ball float in airplane .	The ball is on the floor .
contradiction	One woman with jeans , grey shirt and sandals ; with girls in all pink watching a white ball float in aircraft .	The ball is on the floor .
contradiction	Military employees are shopping	People in the servicemen are training .
contradiction	Military employee are shopping	People in the servicemen are training .
contradiction	Military employees are shopping	People in the soldier are training .
contradiction	Two negro lab run , one carry an orange dog toy .	The dogs are chase a rabbits .
contradiction	Two black laboratory run , one carry an orange dog toy .	The dogs are hunt a rabbit .
contradiction	Two black lab run , one carry an orange dog toy .	The dogs are manhunt a rabbit .
contradiction	A black man in a blue suit is conversations on a notebook while cigarettes .	The male is jogging
contradiction	A negro male in a blue suit is discussions on a notebooks while smokes .	The masculine is jogging
contradiction	A black men in a blue suit is talking on a notepad while smoked .	The man is jogging
contradiction	A females wearing a negro t-shirt and green capri panties walks in front of a giant clock .	The green clock wears negro capri underpants in front of the females .
contradiction	A women wearing a negro t-shirt and green capri underclothes walks in front of a giant clock .	The green clock wears black capri pants in front of the females .
contradiction	A woman wearing a black t-shirt and green capri pants walks in front of a giant clock .	The green clock wears black capri slacks in front of the woman .
contradiction	Several people in blue scrubs and one in a skirt and negro blouse .	Several people are bare .
contradiction	Several people in blue scrubs and one in a skirt and negro blouse .	Several people are hairless .
contradiction	Several people in blue scrubs and one in a skirt and black blouse .	Several people are naked .
contradiction	A middle-aged mens chef is in a white doorway of a mobiles kitchen .	A chef has been fired and sits at home with a handle of scotland .
contradiction	A middle-aged males chef is in a white doorway of a movable kitchen .	A chef has been fired and sits at home with a handle of scotsman .
contradiction	A middle-aged male chef is in a white doorway of a cellphone kitchen .	A chef has been fired and sits at home with a handle of whisky .
contradiction	A little Asian teenaged rides on the back of a females who is wearing a hat .	A teenager stands alone .
contradiction	A little Asian adolescence rides on the back of a women who is wearing a hat .	A underage stands alone .
contradiction	A small Asian adolescence rides on the back of a females who is wearing a hat .	A adolescent stands alone .
contradiction	The male is sweep with a red broom .	The men is dancing with a woman
contradiction	The males is sweep with a red broom .	The man is dancing with a woman
contradiction	The mens is sweep with a red broom .	The man is dancing with a woman
contradiction	A land rover is being driven across a river .	A sedan is stuck in the mid of a river .
contradiction	A land rover is being driven across a river .	A sedan is stuck in the mid of a river .
contradiction	A land rover is being driven across a river .	A sedan is stuck in the middle of a river .
contradiction	A persons with a purple shirt is painted an photograph of a females on a white wall .	A woman painted a portrait of a monkey .
contradiction	A persons with a purple shirt is painted an picture of a woman on a white wall .	A woman painting a portrait of a monkey .
contradiction	A person with a purple shirt is paint an pictures of a woman on a white wall .	A female paints a portrait of a monkey .
contradiction	a women working in the storefront of a jewellery shop fixing the display shelf .	A females purchasing a ticket at a movies theater .
contradiction	a woman working in the storefront of a jewelry shop fixing the display shelf .	A woman buys a tickets at a cinema theater .
contradiction	a woman working in the storefront of a jewellery shop fixing the display shelf .	A females buying a ticket at a movie theater .
contradiction	Three masculine are standing on stages performing .	Women are play trumpets on the street .
contradiction	Three mens are standing on stages performing .	Women are playing trumpets on the street .
contradiction	Three men are standing on stage performing .	Women are playing trumpets on the street .
contradiction	A negro masculine in a knitted , blue ceilings and green , collared shirt sit next to a stump slicing a coconut .	A men drinking coconut water .
contradiction	A negro males in a knit , blue chaps and green , collared shirt sit next to a stump slicing a coconut .	A men drinking coconut water .
contradiction	A black mens in a knitting , blue caps and green , collared shirt sit next to a stump slicing a coconut .	A mens drinking coconut water .
contradiction	A patient is being worked on by medication and nurse .	A male is slept .
contradiction	A patient is being worked on by medical and nursing .	A mens is slept .
contradiction	A patient is being worked on by physician and nurses .	A man is slept .
contradiction	a frank photographer of a smaller dame sitting at a restaurant tables .	A miners females is sitting on a bathhouse .
contradiction	a candid photographic of a miner lady sitting at a restaurant tables .	A kid women is sitting on a lavatory .
contradiction	a frank photographing of a youngsters dame sitting at a restaurant table .	A kids females is sitting on a restrooms .
contradiction	a boy wearing jean shorts , and a negro and blue shirt , reading a book , sits on a rolling device up against a wall that says book fair , while other people stand around .	The boy plays a videotape games .
contradiction	a boy wearing jean shorts , and a black and blue shirt , reading a book , sits on a rolling device up against a wall that says book fair , while other people stand around .	The boy plays a videotaping game .
contradiction	a boy wearing jean shorts , and a negro and blue shirt , reading a book , sits on a rolling device up against a wall that says book fair , while other people stand around .	The boy plays a videotape game .
contradiction	A jumbo crowd of people conversations to each other .	A vast crowd of dogs are at the park .
contradiction	A gigantic crowd of people conversation to each other .	A big crowd of dogs are at the park .
contradiction	A monumental crowd of people discussions to each other .	A big crowd of dogs are at the park .
contradiction	In a string link enclosed skate park a skater goes over one of the obstacles.Wit .	The skater is sitting on the ground .
contradiction	In a strings link enclosed skate park a skater goes over one of the obstacles.Wit .	The skater is sitting on the ground .
contradiction	In a string link enclosed skate park a skater goes over one of the obstacles.Wit .	The skater is sitting on the ground .
contradiction	Elderly people walking down a city street .	The outdated people are swimming in the pool .
contradiction	Elderly people walking down a city street .	The antique people are swimming in the pool .
contradiction	Elderly people walking down a town street .	The antiquated people are swimming in the pool .
contradiction	A women is painted a mural of a females 's face .	There is a males tying his shoes .
contradiction	A females is painting a mural of a female 's face .	There is a mens tying his footwear .
contradiction	A females is painted a mural of a female 's face .	There is a mens tying his footwear .
contradiction	An elder woman search off into the distance with three elder women walking toward her from behind .	Four age woman are sitting in a hot tub
contradiction	An antique females quest off into the distance with three age females walking toward her from behind .	Four old female are sitting in a hot tub
contradiction	An aging woman searches off into the distance with three senior woman walking towards her from behind .	Four aged woman are sitting in a hot tub
contradiction	A men sitting with his head down on his arm and a roll of bathrooms paper and a notepad sitting beside him .	A man is running a marathon .
contradiction	A male sitting with his head down on his arm and a roll of bathtub paper and a notebooks sitting beside him .	A masculine is running a marathon .
contradiction	A male sitting with his head down on his arm and a roll of bathhouse paper and a cellular sitting beside him .	A males is running a marathon .
contradiction	A homeless mens carries a sign that says `` hungry '' .	The men is living in a mansion .
contradiction	A homeless males carries a sign that says `` hungry '' .	The males is living in a mansion .
contradiction	A homeless mens carries a sign that says `` hungry '' .	The masculine is living in a mansion .
contradiction	People attired in traditional Japanese dress walk in a procession through a courtyard paved with paving stones .	People dressed like circus clowns entertain at a teenage 's birthday parties .
contradiction	People dressed in traditional Japanese attire walk in a procession through a backyard paved with paving stones .	People attired like circus clowns entertain at a teenagers 's birthday party .
contradiction	People attired in traditional Japanese garb walk in a procession through a backyard paved with paving stones .	People attired like circus clowns entertain at a youngsters 's birthday party .
contradiction	A masculine shows off his spider-web face painted .	The little girls asked her father to pick her up .
contradiction	A men shows off his spider-web face paintings .	The little daughter asked her fathers to pick her up .
contradiction	A males shows off his spider-web face paint .	The small girls ask her father to pick her up .
contradiction	A couple is eating outer at a tables and he is pointing at something .	A couple is eating inland at a table and he is pointing at something .
contradiction	A couple is eating outer at a table and he is pointing at something .	A couple is eating inside at a table and he is pointing at something .
contradiction	A couple is eating outdoor at a table and he is pointing at something .	A couple is eating internal at a tables and he is pointing at something .
contradiction	Man with a spider internet & spiders paintings on his face .	The men has nothing on his face .
contradiction	Man with a spider internet & spiders paintings on his face .	The man has nothing on his face .
contradiction	Man with a spider web & spiders paints on his face .	The mens has nothing on his face .
contradiction	Man sitting on bench with a suitcase in front of PADDINGTON sign .	A males laying down
contradiction	Man sitting on bench with a suitcase in front of PADDINGTON sign .	A male laying down
contradiction	Man sitting on bench with a baggage in front of PADDINGTON sign .	A males laying down
contradiction	Boy in green pjs play with his toy while his mam sits on the couch and watches him .	A boy in white pjs plays .
contradiction	Boy in green pjs playing with his toy while his mummy sits on the couch and clocks him .	A boy in white pjs plays .
contradiction	Boy in green pajamas playing with his toy while his ma sits on the couch and clocks him .	A boy in white pjs plays .
contradiction	A smiling male and a baby daughters posing for image .	A daughter poses for a selfie with her moms .
contradiction	A smiling males and a baby daughter posing for picture .	A girl poses for a selfie with her mother .
contradiction	A smiling men and a baby girl posing for photographed .	A daughters poses for a selfie with her mam .
contradiction	Sports team members practise and relaxed on a basketball courts .	Sports team member are having lunch .
contradiction	Sports team members practicing and relaxed on a basketball courts .	Sports team member are having lunch .
contradiction	Sports team member practicing and relax on a basketball courts .	Sports team members are having lunch .
contradiction	Pedestrians are gazing at a display of books set out on a sidewalk under a trees .	Some females are wrapping gifts .
contradiction	Pedestrians are gazing at a display of ledger set out on a sidewalk under a trees .	Some women are wrapping gifts .
contradiction	Pedestrians are gazing at a display of ledger set out on a sidewalk under a trees .	Some woman are wrapping gifts .
contradiction	Two people walk up to a brick building with a colorful mural on its side .	Two men riding in a cars past a brick building .
contradiction	Two people walk up to a brick building with a colorful mural on its side .	Two mens riding in a vehicular past a brick building .
contradiction	Two people walk up to a brick building with a colorful mural on its side .	Two man riding in a motor past a brick building .
contradiction	A sungalsses sellers gazes into the distance .	A providers talks to a customer
contradiction	A sungalsses businessmen gazes into the distance .	A seller talks to a customer
contradiction	A sungalsses trader gazes into the distance .	A shopkeeper talks to a customer
contradiction	An Ambulance is passing a male wearing a bandanna and daughters .	The mens in the bandana is running after the ambulance
contradiction	An Ambulance is passing a male wearing a bandanna and daughter .	The mens in the bandana is running after the ambulance
contradiction	An Ambulance is passing a male wearing a bandanna and daughter .	The men in the bandana is running after the ambulance
contradiction	A child boy runs across a road in front of a skies blue building with barred windows .	A boy sleeps in his bed .
contradiction	A teenaged boy runs across a route in front of a sky blue building with forbidden windows .	A boy sleeps in his bed .
contradiction	A youths boy runs across a road in front of a skies blue building with ban windows .	A boy sleeps in his bed .
contradiction	Boys in what appears to be a bookcase or school room .	Boys are playing outboard .
contradiction	Boys in what appears to be a bookcase or school room .	Boys are playing outboard .
contradiction	Boys in what appears to be a librarian or school room .	Boys are play outboard .
contradiction	3 females run in a marathon with the crowd in the background , one with the labelled Galina and another the tagging Inga , and the 3rd running close behind them in blue .	There are no female running .
contradiction	3 female run in a marathon with the crowd in the background , one with the labeling Galina and another the tagged Inga , and the 3rd running close behind them in blue .	There are no female running .
contradiction	3 women run in a marathon with the crowd in the background , one with the tagged Galina and another the tagged Inga , and the 3rd running close behind them in blue .	There are no female running .
contradiction	Two females walk down a pavement along a busy street in a downtown spheres .	The female were picking berries in the countryside
contradiction	Two females walk down a sidewalk along a busy street in a downtown spheres .	The women were picking berries in the countryside
contradiction	Two woman walk down a sidewalk along a busy street in a downtown areas .	The females were picking berries in the countryside
contradiction	A male holding a photographic of a petite dog is paintings a small dog in near lifetime sizing on a white canvas .	The masculine holding the paintings was watching tv
contradiction	A males holding a images of a petite dog is painted a little dog in near vie sizing on a white canvas .	The man holding the paint was watching tv
contradiction	A male holding a photographing of a little dog is paintings a petite dog in near lifetime size on a white canvas .	The male holding the painted was watching tv
contradiction	A men walks along with a can of soda in his hand .	A females walks along with a can of soda in his hand .
contradiction	A men walks along with a can of soda in his hand .	A women walks along with a can of soda in his hand .
contradiction	A male walks along with a can of soda in his hand .	A women walks along with a can of soda in his hand .
contradiction	Two minors are swimming in a pool .	Kids are riding cycle .
contradiction	Two child are swimming in a pool .	Kids are riding moped .
contradiction	Two adolescents are swim in a pool .	Kids are riding biking .
contradiction	A males playing an electricity guitar on stages .	A males playing banjo on the floor .
contradiction	A men playing an electrical guitar on stages .	A masculine playing banjo on the floor .
contradiction	A man playing an electrified guitar on stage .	A man playing banjo on the floor .
contradiction	The male is trying to make a ceramic that he can markets soon .	A females is soaking her footing .
contradiction	The male is trying to make a ceramics that he can markets soon .	A females is soaking her feet .
contradiction	The males is trying to make a pottery that he can marketplace soon .	A woman is soaking her feet .
contradiction	A teen boy sits outside in a grassy field with his back turned towards the viewfinder - he is holding a wood toy that can be spun between your hands and begun into the air .	A youth boy stands at the blackboard to reaction a algebra disorders .
contradiction	A teens boy sits exterior in a grassy field with his back turned towards the viewer - he is holding a wooden toy that can be spun between your hands and begun into the planes .	A juveniles boy stands at the blackboard to answers a algebra problems .
contradiction	A juvenile boy sits outboard in a grassy field with his back turned towards the viewer - he is holding a timber toy that can be spun between your hands and commencement into the plane .	A smaller boy stands at the blackboard to answering a algebra problems .
contradiction	A man in a red shirt is sitting on top of a rocky mountain .	A females standing on top of a rocky mountain .
contradiction	A men in a red shirt is sitting on top of a rocky mountain .	A female standing on top of a rocky mountain .
contradiction	A men in a red shirt is sitting on top of a rocky mountain .	A women standing on top of a rocky mountain .
contradiction	Young shirtless men and asian women jump up from a shallow rock at the shoreline with navigate moored in the background	The ship jumped up from a shallow rock .
contradiction	Young shirtless masculine and asia women leap up from a shallow rock at the shore with examine moored in the background	The sailing jumped up from a shallow rock .
contradiction	Young shirtless mens and asian female leap up from a shallow rock at the shore with examined moored in the background	The investigating jumped up from a shallow rock .
contradiction	Bicyclist ride the course near the ocean as the day comes to an end .	The bikes was riding in the morning .
contradiction	Bicyclist ride the course near the naval as the day comes to an ends .	The motorcycles was riding in the morning .
contradiction	Bicyclist ride the course near the marina as the day comes to an ends .	The motorcycles was riding in the morning .
contradiction	A grouping of smiling people are posing outdoors for a photographic .	The grouping of people are frowning .
contradiction	A group of smiling people are posing outdoors for a photographer .	The panel of people are frowning .
contradiction	A panels of smiling people are posing outdoors for a photo .	The groups of people are frowning .
contradiction	A women is taking a image of a daughter on a scooter .	The daughter is on a motors .
contradiction	A women is taking a photography of a daughters on a scooter .	The girl is on a cars .
contradiction	A women is taking a photographer of a girl on a scooter .	The girl is on a autos .
contradiction	Many people standing outboard of a placing conversation to each other in front of a building that has a sign that says `` HI-POINTE . ''	The people are sitting in the hotel lobby .
contradiction	Many people standing outboard of a placing conversation to each other in front of a building that has a sign that says `` HI-POINTE . ''	The people are sitting in the hotel lobby .
contradiction	Many people standing outdoor of a placing conversations to each other in front of a building that has a sign that says `` HI-POINTE . ''	The people are sitting in the hotel lobby .
contradiction	A person taking photographic of a adolescent brunette daughter .	A young is taking photographic of an adults .
contradiction	A person taking photos of a youngsters brunette girls .	A miners is taking image of an grownup .
contradiction	A individuals taking photographic of a underage brunette daughter .	A adolescents is taking photo of an adults .
contradiction	A miner stands in a shower with clothes on .	A kids is naked in the shower
contradiction	A youths stands in a shower with garments on .	A minors is naked in the shower
contradiction	A smaller stands in a shower with sportswear on .	A miners is naked in the shower
contradiction	A solo shot of a males riding a four wheeler in an atv events .	The man entered a swimming event and is riding a jet skis .
contradiction	A solo shot of a men riding a four wheeler in an atv events .	The mens entered a swimming events and is riding a jet skis .
contradiction	A solo shot of a male riding a four wheeler in an atv event .	The mens entered a swimming events and is riding a jet ski .
contradiction	Two men cooling off under a waterfall .	Two female are under a waterfall .
contradiction	Two masculine cool off under a waterfall .	Two female are under a waterfall .
contradiction	Two male cooling off under a waterfall .	Two woman are under a waterfall .
contradiction	A masculine in a white striped shirt and blue jeans using a water hose to spray water on the ground of concrete ruins.Fo .	The shirt is red .
contradiction	A male in a white striped shirt and blue jeans using a water hose to sprays water on the ground of concrete ruins.Fo .	The shirt is red .
contradiction	A man in a white striped shirt and blue jeans using a water hose to sprays water on the ground of concrete ruins.Fo .	The shirt is red .
contradiction	A masculine in a white striped shirt and blue jeans using a water hose to spraying water on the ground of concrete ruins.Fo .	A male is riding a bicycling through a grassy field .
contradiction	A man in a white striped shirt and blue jeans using a water hose to spray water on the ground of concrete ruins.Fo .	A men is riding a cycle through a grassy field .
contradiction	A male in a white striped shirt and blue jeans using a water hose to sprays water on the ground of concrete ruins.Fo .	A males is riding a bikes through a grassy field .
contradiction	A man and his sons riding bikes down the pavement .	the males and his son were watching a parade
contradiction	A males and his son riding moped down the pavement .	the masculine and his sons were watching a parade
contradiction	A male and his son riding biking down the pavement .	the men and his son were watching a parade
contradiction	Three man are working with their bikes in the shoulder of a paths .	The mens are drive motors .
contradiction	Three man are working with their motorcycles in the shoulder of a path .	The males are driving auto .
contradiction	Three masculine are working with their cyclist in the shoulder of a path .	The masculine are drives motor .
contradiction	A group of man are riding a moving walkway .	A grouping of woman are baking in a kitchen .
contradiction	A groups of men are riding a moving walkway .	A group of women are baking in a kitchen .
contradiction	A panel of males are riding a moving walkway .	A panel of females are baking in a kitchen .
contradiction	The flight attendant dressed in yellow demonstrates life vest usage .	A females is preparing beverages on an jets .
contradiction	The flight attendant clothed in yellow demonstrates lifetime vest usage .	A females is preparing beverages on an aircraft .
contradiction	The flight attendant clothed in yellow demonstrates lifetime vest usage .	A females is preparing beverages on an aerial .
contradiction	Six mens in airport standing on moving walkway	Six male are sitting on a park bench .
contradiction	Six men in airfield standing on moving walkway	Six males are sitting on a park bench .
contradiction	Six men in airfield standing on moving walkway	Six males are sitting on a park bench .
contradiction	A persons in a red jacket and a red harsh hat stands near a mountain .	A person is play football at the stadium .
contradiction	A person in a red jacket and a red harsh hat stands near a mountain .	A person is play football at the stadium .
contradiction	A person in a red jacket and a red strenuous hat stands near a mountain .	A person is playing football at the stadium .
contradiction	Kids work at computer with a teacher 's helping .	There is no professors in the rooms .
contradiction	Kids work at computers with a teachers 's aids .	There is no professors in the rooms .
contradiction	Kids work at computer with a teacher 's assist .	There is no professors in the room .
contradiction	The male in the black shirt is showing the man in the orange shirt something that he has for selling .	A male is being served a dish in a restaurant .
contradiction	The mens in the negro shirt is showing the men in the orange shirt something that he has for sell .	A males is being served a saucer in a restaurant .
contradiction	The men in the black shirt is showing the man in the orange shirt something that he has for sells .	A male is being served a saucer in a restaurant .
contradiction	A loner individuals in a long , negro trench coat and scarf and carrying a red rucksack goes past an apparently-closed cafe at night , with the texts `` CAFE DE FLO '' visible on the cafe canopy banner .	A man walks by an opening cafe named `` Cafe De Flo ''
contradiction	A hermit person in a lengthy , black trench coat and scarf and carry a red knapsack goes past an apparently-closed cafe at nightly , with the text `` CAFE DE FLO '' visible on the cafe canopy banner .	A male walks by an open cafe named `` Cafe De Flo ''
contradiction	A loner individuals in a long , black trench coat and scarf and carry a red backpack goes past an apparently-closed cafe at overnight , with the text `` CAFE DE FLO '' visible on the cafe canopy banner .	A masculine walks by an opened cafe named `` Cafe De Flo ''
contradiction	A female holding bag behind plantains .	The women is holding elders trashcans to carrying multiple objecs .
contradiction	A female holding rucksack behind plantains .	The female is holding seniors trashcans to carry different objecs .
contradiction	A females holding knapsack behind plantains .	The woman is holding elder trashcans to carrying varying objecs .
contradiction	Three soccer players , two in orange one in yellow , running for the ball on a soccer field .	The guy chased his dog down the street .
contradiction	Three soccer gamers , two in orange one in yellow , running for the ball on a soccer field .	The guy chased his dog down the street .
contradiction	Three soccer players , two in orange one in yellow , running for the ball on a soccer field .	The guy chased his dog down the street .
contradiction	The daughters walk down the street .	Girls set down in the street .
contradiction	The daughters walk down the street .	Girls set down in the street .
contradiction	The girl walk down the street .	Girls set down in the street .
contradiction	A males is sitting on the floor and is surrounded by photographing .	A man sitting on a sterile floor .
contradiction	A masculine is sitting on the floor and is surrounded by picture .	A men sitting on a barren floor .
contradiction	A mens is sitting on the floor and is surrounded by photographs .	A male sitting on a barren floor .
contradiction	a females in a brown frock searching at papers in front of a class .	A females in a brown attire is a murderous clown at a birthday parties .
contradiction	a woman in a brown garb searching at papers in front of a class .	A woman in a brown attire is a murderous clown at a birthday parties .
contradiction	a women in a brown garb search at papers in front of a class .	A women in a brown attire is a murderous clown at a birthday party .
contradiction	A classroom of primarily female is being shown a presentations .	A panels of schoolboys are taking naps .
contradiction	A classroom of predominantly female is being shown a presentation .	A groups of student are taking naps .
contradiction	A classroom of basically woman is being shown a presentation .	A groups of students are taking naps .
contradiction	A swimmer is performing the breaststroke in an inland swim pool set up for a competitions .	A masculine is riding a bike
contradiction	A swimmer is performing the backstroke in an inland swim pool set up for a contest .	A man is riding a bike
contradiction	A swimmer is performing the breaststroke in an indoor swim pool set up for a competitions .	A male is riding a bike
contradiction	A teens mid east mother in high heels , holding her minors teens as he lays his head on her shoulder asleep , is gazing out the window .	A woman holding her sleeping sons while walking down the street .
contradiction	A juveniles mid oriental mommy in high heels , holding her youthful children as he lays his head on her shoulder asleep , is gazing out the window .	A female holding her slumber sons while walking down the street .
contradiction	A teenager middle east mama in high heels , holding her youngsters young as he lays his head on her shoulder asleep , is gazing out the window .	A woman holding her sleeping son while walking down the street .
contradiction	Band plays in tight quarters .	The groups of people are walking on the pavement in the city .
contradiction	Band plays in tight quarters .	The grouping of people are walking on the pavement in the town .
contradiction	Band plays in tight quarters .	The groups of people are walking on the pavement in the town .
contradiction	A man wearing a red standardized and helmet stands on his motorcycle .	a mens sitting in a autos .
contradiction	A mens wearing a red uniforms and helmet stands on his motorcycles .	a men sitting in a motor .
contradiction	A male wearing a red uniforms and helmet stands on his bikes .	a male sitting in a automobile .
contradiction	Three women sit together near woven walls .	The three bar tenders work harsh pouring beverages .
contradiction	Three woman sit together near woven walls .	The three bar tenders work harsh pouring beverages .
contradiction	Three females sit together near woven walls .	The three bar tenders work strenuous pouring drinks .
contradiction	A band play on stages in a club .	The stages crew is cleaning the stage
contradiction	A bands playing on stage in a club .	The stage crew is cleaning the stage
contradiction	A band playing on stage in a club .	The stages crew is cleanup the stage
contradiction	A blond female in a white shirt demonstrates her talents to a crowd .	A dark haired youthful dance for the crowd .
contradiction	A blond woman in a white shirt demonstrates her talents to a crowd .	A dark haired kid dancing for the crowd .
contradiction	A blond women in a white shirt demonstrates her talents to a crowd .	A dark haired adolescent dances for the crowd .
contradiction	Three teenaged male are playing soccer in the beach wearing shorts and beach attire while some people watch	Three underage giraffes are playing soccer in the beach wearing shorts
contradiction	Three minors males are play soccer in the beach wearing shorts and beach frock while some people watch	Three children giraffes are play soccer in the beach wearing shorts
contradiction	Three child mens are playing soccer in the beach wearing shorts and beach frock while some people watch	Three teenaged giraffes are playing soccer in the beach wearing shorts
contradiction	A person in full astronaut suit and gear trains in an submarine lab as a dive diver assists .	An astronaut working with an strangers to repair a satellite .
contradiction	A person in full astronaut suit and gear trains in an underwater labs as a scuba diver aid .	An astronaut working with an exotic to repairing a satellite .
contradiction	A person in full astronaut suit and gear trains in an submarine laboratory as a scuba diver assist .	An astronaut working with an exotic to mend a satellite .
contradiction	A worker is doing a job on scaffolding .	Nobody is working
contradiction	A worker is doing a job on scaffolding .	Nobody is working
contradiction	A worker is doing a job on scaffolding .	Nobody is working
contradiction	A masculine gets a skateboard up on a immense rock .	The rock is on a skateboard .
contradiction	A man gets a skateboarding up on a immense rock .	The rock is on a skateboard .
contradiction	A males gets a skateboard up on a jumbo rock .	The rock is on a skateboarding .
contradiction	A man is steer his investigating out at sea .	A man is eaten by a shark .
contradiction	A men is steering his survey out at seas .	A men is eaten by a sharks .
contradiction	A man is steering his examine out at seas .	A masculine is eaten by a shark .
contradiction	One female taking a photography of a second females as she leans on a table .	Men taking photographer of women at the beach .
contradiction	One woman taking a photography of a seconds females as she leans on a table .	Men taking pictures of female at the beach .
contradiction	One females taking a photographed of a seconds females as she leans on a table .	Men taking images of females at the beach .
contradiction	A man wearing black slacks rides along a concrete ledge on rollerblades .	The roller blade wheel are squares .
contradiction	A males wearing black underclothes rides along a concrete ledge on rollerblades .	The roller blade wheels are squares .
contradiction	A male wearing black undergarments rides along a concrete ledge on rollerblades .	The roller blade wheeled are squares .
contradiction	A game of rugby in which 2 gamers are attempting to halt there opponent from catching a ball in airplanes .	The players are play basketball .
contradiction	A game of rugby in which 2 players are attempting to stop there adversary from catching a ball in airlines .	The players are playing basketball .
contradiction	A game of rugby in which 2 players are attempting to halt there adversary from catching a ball in plane .	The gamers are playing basketball .
contradiction	Dog running through the snowy .	A dog tries out freezes water .
contradiction	Dog running through the snow .	A dog tries out freezing water .
contradiction	Dog running through the snowy .	A dog tries out freeze water .
contradiction	Dog running through the snowy .	The dog is swim .
contradiction	Dog running through the snowy .	The dog is swim .
contradiction	Dog running through the snowy .	The dog is swimming .
contradiction	An aged woman is sitting in a chairs on one side of a room with a grouping of musicians , including a cellist and guitar player , and on the other side of the rooms , a groups of people are sitting on chairs .	The females is in her teenaged .
contradiction	An archaic females is sitting in a chair on one side of a rooms with a group of musicians , including a cellist and guitar player , and on the other side of the room , a group of people are sitting on chairs .	The females is in her youngsters .
contradiction	An elder female is sitting in a chairs on one side of a room with a panel of musicians , including a cellist and guitar player , and on the other side of the room , a grouping of people are sitting on chair .	The women is in her teen .
contradiction	A males of the cloth puts a negro substance on a male 's forehead .	The woman are at the park .
contradiction	A mens of the cloth puts a black substance on a mens 's brow .	The woman are at the park .
contradiction	A mens of the cloth puts a negro substance on a male 's forehead .	The females are at the park .
contradiction	A gigantic number of people are watching male dressed in kilts , one of whom has thrown a lengthy poles .	a cow moo 's
contradiction	A immense number of people are watching males clothed in kilts , one of whom has thrown a long poles .	a cow moo 's
contradiction	A mammoth number of people are watching males attired in kilts , one of whom has thrown a lengthy poles .	a cow moo 's
contradiction	A male wearing a kilt has thrown a massive poles .	A man is dances thru the field .
contradiction	A man wearing a kilt has thrown a overwhelming poles .	A males is dance thru the field .
contradiction	A men wearing a kilt has thrown a massive poles .	A men is dances thru the field .
contradiction	Kids out in front of a building doing sightseeing .	The young are in a classroom
contradiction	Kids out in front of a building doing sightseeing .	The miner are in a classroom
contradiction	Kids out in front of a building doing sightseeing .	The teen are in a classroom
contradiction	A women is lying on her abdomen on a white pillow and crying .	A naked men in a bar .
contradiction	A woman is lying on her stomach on a white pillow and crying .	A naked male in a bar .
contradiction	A woman is lies on her tummy on a white pillow and crying .	A hairless mens in a bar .
contradiction	Women in red are performing with nun-chucks .	The woman are beating each other up with their nude fists .
contradiction	Women in red are performing with nun-chucks .	The females are beating each other up with their nude fists .
contradiction	Women in red are performing with nun-chucks .	The female are beating each other up with their nude fists .
contradiction	Six masculine in tuxedos stand next to a negro metal fences outside the back doors of a marble building .	2 women are talking
contradiction	Six male in tuxedos stand next to a negro metals fencing outer the back doors of a marble building .	2 females are talking
contradiction	Six males in tuxedos stand next to a black metals fencing outside the back doors of a marble building .	2 woman are talking
contradiction	A miners boy with a shaved head and dirty white collared shirt holds a chicken in his arm .	The kid boy went swimming .
contradiction	A youths boy with a shaved head and dirty white collared shirt holds a chicken in his arm .	The adolescent boy went swimming .
contradiction	A underage boy with a shaved head and dirty white collared shirt holds a chicken in his arm .	The children boy went swimming .
contradiction	This is a twist , turn roller coaster ride , filled with people .	The roller coaster ride is hollow .
contradiction	This is a twist , turn roller coaster ride , filled with people .	The roller coaster ride is empty .
contradiction	This is a twisting , turning roller coaster ride , filled with people .	The roller coaster ride is empty .
contradiction	A caucasian mens wearing red whiskey bottoms and a black vest with gigantic buttons with a tattoo on one arm has an upside down unicycle balancing on his mouth .	A men is riding a unicycle .
contradiction	A caucasian man wearing red whiskey bottoms and a negro vest with vast buttons with a tattooing on one arm has an upside down unicycle balance on his mouth .	A men is riding a unicycle .
contradiction	A caucasian male wearing red plaid bottoms and a negro vest with monumental buttons with a tattooing on one arm has an upside down unicycle balances on his mouth .	A men is riding a unicycle .
contradiction	youngsters practicing kicks move	A man is practicing a kicks move .
contradiction	adolescent practise kicks move	A man is practise a karate move .
contradiction	teenagers practising karate move	A masculine is practising a kicks move .
contradiction	A smaller men waits on a bench with his handbags behind a few promotional in London .	The youngsters man is 60 years aging .
contradiction	A teenage male waits on a bench with his sac behind a few ads in London .	The adolescents man is 60 olds ancient .
contradiction	A smaller male waits on a bench with his sac behind a few announced in London .	The teenager men is 60 years older .
contradiction	A individuals rolls down a hill riding a wagon as another clocks .	A individuals stares at an empty hill .
contradiction	A persons rolls down a hill riding a wagon as another watches .	A individuals stares at an hollow hill .
contradiction	A individuals rolls down a hill riding a wagon as another clocks .	A person stares at an hollow hill .
contradiction	Some teens are playing soccer in front of a overwhelming woods gate .	The adolescence are at the beach in the sand .
contradiction	Some adolescence are play soccer in front of a huge lumber door .	The teens are at the beach in the sand .
contradiction	Some kid are play soccer in front of a gigantic wood door .	The youth are at the beach in the sand .
contradiction	Rock bands on stages immersed in light show .	All of the illumination are dimmed .
contradiction	Rock bands on stage immersed in light show .	All of the illumination are dimmed .
contradiction	Rock band on stage immersed in light show .	All of the lighting are dimmed .
contradiction	A guitarist , a drummer , and another bands members are performing on stages with red lights on the background .	Sasquatch is strumming a wicked bass solo .
contradiction	A guitarist , a drummer , and another bands member are performing on stage with red lighting on the background .	Sasquatch is strumming a wicked bass solo .
contradiction	A guitarist , a drummer , and another bands member are performing on stage with red lights on the background .	Sasquatch is strumming a wicked bass solo .
contradiction	The Sooner football player carry the ball is trying to avoiding being tackled .	A masculine has dropped a ball .
contradiction	The Sooner football player carry the ball is trying to avoided being tackled .	A man has dropped a ball .
contradiction	The Sooner football player carrying the ball is trying to avoid being tackled .	A man has dropped a ball .
contradiction	A females with a negro bags and a red coat is sitting on a pillar of concrete .	The female is running down the road , jogging with earphones in her ears .
contradiction	A female with a black bag and a red coat is sitting on a pillar of concrete .	The women is running down the path , jog with headset in her ears .
contradiction	A females with a negro handbag and a red coat is sitting on a pillar of concrete .	The female is running down the pathway , jogging with headphones in her ears .
contradiction	A concert with a blue shirted boy in the front and light shining in the back	The moment the fan saw the light
contradiction	A concert with a blue shirted boy in the front and light shining in the back	The moment the fan saw the light
contradiction	A concert with a blue shirted boy in the front and light shining in the back	The moment the fan saw the light
contradiction	A concert with a blue shirted boy in the front and light shining in the back	The moment has it 's fan
contradiction	A concert with a blue shirted boy in the front and light shining in the back	The moment has it 's fan
contradiction	A concert with a blue shirted boy in the front and light shining in the back	The moment has it 's fan
contradiction	A male in a shirt and tie speaks to a grouping as an seniors women holding a cup of coffee looks on .	The mens is eating a taco in the medium of the oceans .
contradiction	A men in a shirt and tie speaks to a panel as an aging women holding a cup of coffee looks on .	The males is eating a taco in the mid of the naval .
contradiction	A mens in a shirt and tie speaks to a groups as an elderly females holding a cup of coffee looks on .	The mens is eating a taco in the medium of the marines .
contradiction	Three females talk to each other next to another women sitting on a motorbike .	A group of males are indoors watching football while it snows outer .
contradiction	Three females talk to each other next to another women sitting on a bicycle .	A group of males are indoors watching football while it snows outer .
contradiction	Three women talk to each other next to another women sitting on a cycle .	A groups of men are indoors watching football while it snows exterior .
contradiction	a boy holding onto the wall of an archaic brick homes 's raised foundation .	a daughters is leaning against the wall
contradiction	a boy holding onto the wall of an antique brick homes 's raised basics .	a daughters is leaning against the wall
contradiction	a boy holding onto the wall of an aged brick dwelling 's raised basics .	a daughter is leaning against the wall
contradiction	Male wearing brown shorts and black t-shirt in his chamber with his feet on the desk conversation on the telephone .	A males is laying on the couch as he talks on the phones .
contradiction	Male wearing brown shorts and black t-shirt in his bedroom with his footing on the desk conversation on the telephones .	A males is laying on the couch as he talks on the phone .
contradiction	Male wearing brown shorts and negro t-shirt in his bedroom with his footing on the desk discussions on the telephone .	A men is laying on the couch as he talks on the telephones .
contradiction	A panels of uniform officer in a street wearing a blend of gas masks and face shields .	The cop are sitting in a donut shop .
contradiction	A panel of uniform officers in a street wearing a blending of gas masks and face shields .	The policeman are sitting in a donut shop .
contradiction	A grouping of standardized officer in a street wearing a blending of gas masks and face shields .	The cop are sitting in a donut shop .
contradiction	Street salesperson preparing and serving grilled food .	A restaurant is preparing and serving grilled food .
contradiction	Street businessmen preparing and serving grilled food .	A restaurant is preparing and serving grilled food .
contradiction	Street dealers preparing and serving grilled food .	A restaurant is preparing and serving grilled food .
contradiction	A male dressed in a surf shirt and blue and white shorts skillfully flyers his yellow board with its multicolored investigate over the crest of an marina wave , flipping over in the process .	a man sleeps in bed
contradiction	A male attired in a surfer shirt and blue and white shorts skilfully flyers his yellow board with its multicolored examining over the crest of an marine wave , flipping over in the process .	a mens sleeps in bed
contradiction	A men clothed in a surf shirt and blue and white shorts skilfully flier his yellow board with its multicolored sail over the crest of an marine wave , flipping over in the process .	a male sleeps in bed
contradiction	A man windsurfer surf on some blue waves with his yellow surfboard and red and white investigate it looks as though he is approximately to fall into the water because he is suspended in the airline sideways .	A women swims by herself through the waves .
contradiction	A males windsurfer surf on some blue waves with his yellow surfboard and red and white browsing it looks as though he is approximately to fall into the water because he is suspended in the aviation sideways .	A females swims by herself through the waves .
contradiction	A males windsurfer surfing on some blue waves with his yellow surfboard and red and white boats it looks as though he is approximately to fall into the water because he is suspended in the aeroplane sideways .	A females swims by herself through the waves .
contradiction	A crowd watching a duo in blue dances on a stage .	Some people are sitting in a lounge .
contradiction	A crowd watching a duo in blue dance on a stages .	Some people are sitting in a lounge .
contradiction	A crowd watching a duo in blue dancing on a stages .	Some people are sitting in a lounge .
contradiction	A male is using what looks to be a fax machine .	A female is using what looks to be a fax machine .
contradiction	A males is using what looks to be a fax machine .	A female is using what looks to be a fax machine .
contradiction	A mens is using what looks to be a fax machine .	A women is using what looks to be a fax machine .
contradiction	A teen in a blue and white striped shirt crosses his revolver and smiles while standing on red carpeted stairs .	A juvenile is performing brain surgery .
contradiction	A miner in a blue and white striped shirt crosses his pistols and smiles while standing on red carpeted stairs .	A youth is performing brain surgery .
contradiction	A teenaged in a blue and white striped shirt crosses his gunpoint and smiles while standing on red carpeted stairs .	A miner is performing brain surgery .
contradiction	An Asian male walks a three-wheeled pedal valentines completely of white handbag .	An Asian men walks his dog on a rainy afternoon .
contradiction	An Asian male walks a three-wheeled pedal card fully of white purse .	An Asian male walks his dog on a rainy afternoon .
contradiction	An Asian mens walks a three-wheeled pedal valentines entirely of white purse .	An Asian mens walks his dog on a rainy afternoon .
contradiction	An Asian men is praying at a Buddhist temple .	The men is making noise and bothering others .
contradiction	An Asian men is pray at a Buddhist temple .	The males is making noise and bothering others .
contradiction	An Asian mens is praying at a Buddhist temple .	The mens is making noise and bothering others .
contradiction	A bands performing at a local bar or club .	The band is playing music at a massive venue
contradiction	A bands performing at a local bar or club .	The bands is playing music at a huge venue
contradiction	A bands performing at a local bar or club .	The bands is playing music at a enormous venue
contradiction	Two minor male climb a trees overlooking a agriculture setting , with one of them out far on a limb and clutching a white helmet .	Two men are play soccer in the field .
contradiction	Two youth mens climb a tree overlooking a farming setting , with one of them out far on a limb and clutching a white helmet .	Two masculine are play soccer in the field .
contradiction	Two miners man climb a trees overlooking a rural setting , with one of them out far on a limb and clutching a white helmet .	Two masculine are playing soccer in the field .
contradiction	A boy in shorts doing a skateboard ploy .	a boy swimming in the ocean
contradiction	A boy in shorts doing a skateboarding trick .	a boy swim in the ocean
contradiction	A boy in shorts doing a skateboarding trick .	a boy swimming in the ocean
contradiction	A man looks at an iPad on a subway , while a beautiful women reads a book .	A males and females are on a inquires in the middle of the sea .
contradiction	A masculine looks at an iPad on a underground , while a beautiful female reads a book .	A men and females are on a probing in the media of the seas .
contradiction	A male looks at an iPad on a metro , while a beautiful woman reads a book .	A males and woman are on a battleship in the mid of the sea .
contradiction	A youth males in a straw hat , jeans , and a plaid shirt sweeps dust from stone steps in front of a stone building .	a dog runs far
contradiction	A adolescent males in a straw hat , jeans , and a scotland shirt sweeps dust from stone steps in front of a stone building .	a dog runs far
contradiction	A child male in a straw hat , jeans , and a scotland shirt sweeps dust from stone steps in front of a stone building .	a dog runs far
contradiction	A panel of people wearing white gowns with flame pattern posing for a images at some kinds of festival .	The groups of people are diving divers .
contradiction	A groups of people wearing white gowns with flame pattern posing for a photo at some kind of festival .	The panel of people are scuba divers .
contradiction	A group of people wearing white gowns with flame pattern posing for a photo at some sort of festival .	The panels of people are scuba divers .
contradiction	A females sits in a market where she sells wares with her dog .	A dog sale a female a hat .
contradiction	A females sits in a markets where she sells wares with her dog .	A dog selling a females a hat .
contradiction	A females sits in a marketplace where she selling goods with her dog .	A dog selling a women a hat .
contradiction	Two workers with leaf blowers blow orange leaves off patches of grass next to a wet pavement .	Two workers with leaf blowers blow leaves at each other for fun
contradiction	Two workers with leaf blowers blow orange leaves off patches of grass next to a wet sidewalk .	Two workers with leaf blowers blow leaves at each other for fun
contradiction	Two workers with leaf blowers blow orange leaves off patches of grass next to a wet pavement .	Two workers with leaf blowers blow leaves at each other for fun
contradiction	A petite boy wearing a blue shirt plays in the kiddie pool .	Boy playing in the sandbox
contradiction	A petite boy wearing a blue shirt plays in the kiddie pool .	Boy play in the sandbox
contradiction	A little boy wearing a blue shirt plays in the kiddie pool .	Boy playing in the sandbox
contradiction	Men work on a town street .	The mens are sleeping
contradiction	Men work on a city street .	The male are sleeping
contradiction	Men work on a town street .	The male are sleeping
contradiction	Workers wearing orange vests work on fencing .	Guy sitting on fencing .
contradiction	Workers wearing orange vests work on fence .	Guy sitting on fencing .
contradiction	Workers wearing orange vests work on fences .	Guy sitting on fence .
contradiction	A greasy female wearing faint blue top is blowing soap bubble .	A gras females is topless .
contradiction	A fat female wearing faint blue top is blowing soap bubble .	A greasy females is topless .
contradiction	A fat woman wearing faint blue top is blowing soap bubble .	A greasy female is topless .
contradiction	Six dogs swim in a river .	The puppies are setting on the couch .
contradiction	Six dogs swim in a river .	The puppies are setting on the couch .
contradiction	Six dogs swimming in a river .	The puppies are setting on the couch .
contradiction	A male is swim with a little girl wearing a pink life jacket in an inside pool	A boy is swim in the nautical .
contradiction	A man is swimming with a petite girls wearing a pink lifetime jacket in an inland pool	A boy is swim in the maritime .
contradiction	A man is swimming with a petite daughter wearing a pink vie jacket in an inside pool	A boy is swimming in the marine .
contradiction	Man chopping woods with an hatchet .	The mens is chopping timber with a hammer .
contradiction	Man chopping wood with an ax .	The masculine is chopping wooden with a hammer .
contradiction	Man chopping wood with an axe .	The mens is chopping wooden with a hammer .
contradiction	An elders gentlemen wearing a hat is walking on crutches next to a busy street .	A mens with a walking stick is next to the street .
contradiction	An old gentleman wearing a hat is walking on crutches next to a busy street .	A male with a walking stick is next to the street .
contradiction	An aging gentleman wearing a hat is walking on crutches next to a busy street .	A men with a walking stick is next to the street .
contradiction	A males and female are taking a photography of themselves while a female in a scarf walks by them .	A man and females have mug shots taken because they have been apprehended .
contradiction	A man and woman are taking a picture of themselves while a woman in a scarf walks by them .	A men and woman have mug shots taken because they have been arrest .
contradiction	A man and females are taking a pictures of themselves while a woman in a scarf walks by them .	A masculine and female have mug shots taken because they have been imprisoned .
contradiction	Two workers stretch the canvas of the announcing billboard for free range chickens to be appended on a billboard .	These two mens are relax by the pool .
contradiction	Two workers stretch the canvas of the announced billboard for free range chickens to be appended on a billboard .	These two mens are relaxed by the pool .
contradiction	Two workers stretch the canvas of the announcements billboard for free range chickens to be appended on a billboard .	These two male are relaxed by the pool .
contradiction	A kids cowboy is riding bucking bronco in an arena .	A cowboy is swim in the arena
contradiction	A teenagers cowboy is riding bucking bronco in an arena .	A cowboy is swimming in the arena
contradiction	A youths cowboy is riding bucking bronco in an arena .	A cowboy is swim in the arena
contradiction	An antique mens is smiling while sitting in front of a row of soda cans .	A youngsters woman drank a lot of soda .
contradiction	An outdated male is smiling while sitting in front of a row of soda cans .	A teenager women drank a batch of soda .
contradiction	An senior man is smiling while sitting in front of a row of soda cans .	A adolescence females drink a lot of soda .
contradiction	A toddler , sitting next to another girls who is slightly elderly , is using a bubble machine to blow a massive bubble into the air .	The bubble machine makes candy .
contradiction	A toddler , sitting next to another daughters who is slightly older , is using a bubble machine to blow a big bubble into the airline .	The bubble machine makes candy .
contradiction	A toddler , sitting next to another daughter who is slightly ancient , is using a bubble machine to blow a overwhelming bubble into the aircraft .	The bubble machine makes candy .
contradiction	Two masculine are standing in a freshly razed field at the frontier of a forests , while a bulldozer sits idling nearby .	The two masculine are back at the office .
contradiction	Two males are standing in a freshly razed field at the limit of a forester , while a bulldozer sits inactive nearby .	The two mens are back at the office .
contradiction	Two male are standing in a freshly razed field at the borders of a forester , while a bulldozer sits inactive nearby .	The two male are back at the office .
contradiction	Two soccer players are going after the ball .	People are playing baseball .
contradiction	Two soccer players are going after the ball .	People are playing baseball .
contradiction	Two soccer gamers are going after the ball .	People are playing baseball .
contradiction	An old males conversations to a teenagers boy by a table of produce .	the boy was listening to music
contradiction	An antique males conversation to a adolescence boy by a tables of produce .	the boy was listening to music
contradiction	An seniors mens conversation to a teenage boy by a tables of produce .	the boy was listening to music
contradiction	The guitarist performs a rocking solo .	the musician is at home sleeping
contradiction	The guitarist performs a rocking solo .	the musician is at home sleeping
contradiction	The guitarist performs a rocking solo .	the musician is at home sleeping
contradiction	Three adult are working in a garden near a fence in the yard .	The basketball players are play ball .
contradiction	Three grownups are working in a garden near a fencing in the yard .	The basketball gamers are playing ball .
contradiction	Three adults are working in a garden near a fences in the yard .	The basketball gamers are playing ball .
contradiction	A panel of people , predominantly in straw hats , follow a masculine onto a beach cover with different big rocks .	They motorbikes around together laugh gleefully
contradiction	A group of people , mainly in straw hats , follow a masculine onto a beach covered with differing jumbo rocks .	They bicycles around together laugh gleefully
contradiction	A panel of people , mostly in straw hats , follow a men onto a beach covered with multiple immense rocks .	They biking around together laugh gleefully
contradiction	A longeared dog running in the grass .	A dog is being groomed at a parlor .
contradiction	A longeared dog running in the grass .	A dog is being groomed at a parlour .
contradiction	A longeared dog running in the grass .	A dog is being groomed at a parlor .
contradiction	The guy in the black jacket is standing on his hand on a checkered rectangle .	The husband mows the lawn .
contradiction	The guy in the negro jacket is standing on his hand on a checkered rectangle .	The husband mows the lawn .
contradiction	The guy in the negro jacket is standing on his hand on a checkered rectangle .	The husband mows the lawn .
contradiction	A man stands on one hand in the street while a crowd watches .	The teenaged is standing on two hands in the street .
contradiction	A males stands on one hand in the street while a crowd clocks .	The underage is standing on two hands in the street .
contradiction	A mens stands on one hand in the street while a crowd clocks .	The underage is standing on two hands in the street .
contradiction	A youthful bury in the sand .	The kid is swim at the pool .
contradiction	A child burying in the sand .	The youngsters is swimming at the pool .
contradiction	A adolescence buries in the sand .	The kid is swimming at the pool .
contradiction	A youth buried in the sand .	The youngsters is dead .
contradiction	A teenage buried in the sand .	The teenage is dead .
contradiction	A child bury in the sand .	The youthful is dead .
contradiction	A small daughters with pointy braids is sitting in the sand on the beach .	The daughter runs through the grass outside her school .
contradiction	A small girls with pointy braids is sitting in the sand on the beach .	The daughters runs through the grass outdoor her school .
contradiction	A small daughters with pointy pigtails is sitting in the sand on the beach .	The daughters runs through the grass outside her school .
contradiction	a panel of people dances together .	No one is dance .
contradiction	a grouping of people dance together .	No one is dancing .
contradiction	a groups of people dance together .	No one is dance .
contradiction	A mens in a grey shirt and green tie is working with his computer at his office desk .	A man in a gray shirt is outdoors .
contradiction	A male in a grey shirt and green tie is working with his computers at his office desk .	A males in a gray shirt is outdoors .
contradiction	A male in a grey shirt and green tie is working with his computer at his office desk .	A male in a gray shirt is outdoors .
contradiction	A man is riding a motorcycle in the street .	a male is suntanning on a cave
contradiction	A men is riding a biking in the street .	a masculine is suntanning on a cave
contradiction	A males is riding a motorcycles in the street .	a men is suntanning on a cave
contradiction	A teenage boy plays on a piling of rocks .	A girls is having a tea party in her room .
contradiction	A kid boy plays on a piling of rocks .	A girls is having a tea parties in her room .
contradiction	A juveniles boy plays on a piling of rocks .	A girls is having a tea parties in her room .
contradiction	One male cut through frosting on a chilly day .	The male is running around his housing .
contradiction	One masculine chop through ice on a chilly day .	The mens is running around his housing .
contradiction	One mens chop through frosting on a cold day .	The male is running around his homes .
contradiction	A laughing mens is sitting in a camp chair with his revolver outstretched , while a men in a negro shirt next to him is stuffing his face .	both males were stuffing their faces
contradiction	A laughing males is sitting in a camp chairs with his weapon outstretched , while a male in a black shirt next to him is stuffing his face .	both masculine were stuffing their faces
contradiction	A laugh mens is sitting in a camp chair with his guns outstretched , while a mens in a negro shirt next to him is stuffing his face .	both male were stuffing their faces
contradiction	Three dogs run through the grass while wearing colored shirts .	Three small dogs run on the moon
contradiction	Three dogs run through the grass while wearing colored shirts .	Three little dogs run on the moon
contradiction	Three dogs run through the grass while wearing colored shirts .	Three little dogs run on the moon
contradiction	A mens in a pinstriped suit walks down the street and does n't notice the quirky placard on his left .	The mens is slumber in his prison cell .
contradiction	A males in a pinstriped suit walks down the street and does n't notices the quirky placard on his left .	The mens is slept in his prison cell .
contradiction	A masculine in a pinstriped suit walks down the street and does n't notice the quirky placard on his left .	The masculine is sleeping in his prison cell .
contradiction	A female wearing a gray jacket and visibly laugh is seated next to a women who is wearing a dark blue jumper and is smirking .	The women are angry .
contradiction	A female wearing a grey jacket and visibly laugh is seated next to a females who is wearing a dark blue sweater and is smirking .	The woman are angry .
contradiction	A female wearing a gray jacket and visibly laughing is seated next to a female who is wearing a dark blue sweater and is smirking .	The woman are angry .
contradiction	A woman with a blue hat and blue and red jacket setting up a camera on a tripod .	A women with a red hat sets up a camera on a tripod
contradiction	A women with a blue hat and blue and red jacket setting up a camera on a tripod .	A woman with a red hat sets up a camera on a tripod
contradiction	A woman with a blue hat and blue and red jacket setting up a camera on a tripod .	A woman with a red hat sets up a camera on a tripod
contradiction	Men wearing blue uniform sit on a bus .	Men drive the bus into the ocean .
contradiction	Men wearing blue uniformed sit on a bus .	Men drive the bus into the navy .
contradiction	Men wearing blue uniforms sit on a bus .	Men drive the bus into the navy .
contradiction	A persons rides a bicycling on a dirt road surrounded by tree .	The males is indoors .
contradiction	A person rides a motorcycles on a filth path surrounded by tree .	The men is indoors .
contradiction	A persons rides a bikes on a dirt routing surrounded by tree .	The mens is indoors .
contradiction	a mens grabs his crotch during a political demonstration .	A female grabs a male 's crotch during a demonstrations .
contradiction	a man grabs his crotch during a politics demonstration .	A woman grabs a male 's crotch during a protest .
contradiction	a men grabs his crotch during a politics demonstration .	A female grabs a men 's crotch during a protest .
contradiction	A dog and a cow play together indoor the fencing .	A dog and cow are hunts the equestrian .
contradiction	A dog and a cow play together inland the fences .	A dog and cow are hunted the horse .
contradiction	A dog and a cow playing together inner the fence .	A dog and cow are chasing the horse .
contradiction	A underage men , wearing a white shirt , prepares hotdogs on a petite grille .	A young men is grilling fish in his underwear .
contradiction	A youthful males , wearing a white shirt , prepares hotdogs on a small grille .	A youthful masculine is grilling fishes in his underwear .
contradiction	A teen masculine , wearing a white shirt , prepares hotdogs on a little grill .	A smaller man is grilling fishes in his underwear .
contradiction	People search at their reflection and the reflection of a town in a lengthy irregular shaped mirror	People look their reflection in a regular mirror .
contradiction	People quest at their reflection and the reflection of a city in a lengthy irregular shaped mirror	People look their reflection in a regular mirrored .
contradiction	People looking at their reflection and the reflection of a town in a lengthy irregular shaped mirror	People look their reflection in a regular mirrors .
contradiction	Two male climbing on a wooden scaffold .	Two females climb on a wood scaffold .
contradiction	Two males climbing on a wooden scaffold .	Two female climbing on a woods scaffold .
contradiction	Two men climb on a woods scaffold .	Two woman climb on a lumber scaffold .
contradiction	A girl in a blue shirt hugging a girls also in a blue shirt .	Two boys are playing together .
contradiction	A girls in a blue shirt hugging a girl also in a blue shirt .	Two boys are play together .
contradiction	A girl in a blue shirt hugging a daughters also in a blue shirt .	Two boys are play together .
contradiction	Three masculine and one female are posing for a pictures with snow on the ground and mountains cover with green tree and snowy in the background .	Four friends at the beach pose in the water .
contradiction	Three male and one woman are posing for a photography with snow on the ground and mountains covered with green tree and snow in the background .	Four friends at the beach pose in the water .
contradiction	Three mens and one woman are posing for a images with snowy on the ground and mountains covered with green trees and snow in the background .	Four friends at the beach pose in the water .
contradiction	She is standing outer a building .	A woman is sitting at her desk .
contradiction	She is standing outer a building .	A female is sitting at her desk .
contradiction	She is standing outdoor a building .	A females is sitting at her desk .
contradiction	A male is riding his filth motorbikes through the aircraft in the deserts .	A masculine is watching another masculine skateboard at a park .
contradiction	A masculine is riding his filth biking through the airways in the deserts .	A males is watching another males skateboarding at a park .
contradiction	A males is riding his filth bicycle through the aeroplane in the desert .	A mens is watching another masculine skateboard at a park .
contradiction	Three people wearing black blindfolds near a `` Salvar O Planeta '' sign .	they can all see
contradiction	Three people wearing negro blindfolds near a `` Salvar O Planeta '' sign .	they can all see
contradiction	Three people wearing negro blindfolds near a `` Salvar O Planeta '' sign .	they can all see
contradiction	A men sprinkler water onto a former piece of architecture that is being taken down by a piece of machinery .	A men throws rocks at a wall .
contradiction	A men spraying water onto a former piece of architecture that is being taken down by a piece of machinery .	A masculine throws rocks at a wall .
contradiction	A male spraying water onto a previous piece of architecture that is being taken down by a piece of machinery .	A man throws rocks at a wall .
contradiction	A demolition crane tearing down what is left of a building with a males standing on a platform spray water .	The building is being paints .
contradiction	A demolition crane tearing down what is left of a building with a men standing on a platform sprays water .	The building is being painting .
contradiction	A demolition crane tearing down what is left of a building with a man standing on a platform sprays water .	The building is being paintings .
contradiction	A teenage blond girls is eating her freeze snack while sitting on a bench next to a red stroller .	a woman with two blue auto sits in a parking lot
contradiction	A kids blond girls is eating her freeze snack while sitting on a bench next to a red stroller .	a woman with two blue car sits in a parking lot
contradiction	A teenager blond girl is eating her frozen snack while sitting on a bench next to a red stroller .	a female with two blue auto sits in a parking lot
contradiction	A bird is flapping its wings on the water .	The bird is flying over the tree .
contradiction	A poultry is flapping its wings on the water .	The poultry is flying over the trees .
contradiction	A bird is flapping its wings on the water .	The poultry is flying over the tree .
contradiction	A group of people building gingerbread dwelling .	A men is screaming at his sons roughly the broken tv behind them .
contradiction	A group of people building gingerbread housing .	A male is shouting at his sons about the broken tvs behind them .
contradiction	A panels of people building gingerbread house .	A man is shouting at his sons roughly the broken tvs behind them .
contradiction	A panel of people sitting and knit .	Everyone is sleep .
contradiction	A panel of people sitting and knitting .	Everyone is sleep .
contradiction	A group of people sitting and knitted .	Everyone is sleep .
contradiction	A teenage Asian daughters is wearing a pink dress and holding an umbrella even though it is not raining .	The girls in a blue frock is standing in the rain with an umbrella .
contradiction	A kid Asian daughters is wearing a pink dress and holding an umbrella even though it is not raining .	The girls in a blue frock is standing in the rain with an umbrella .
contradiction	A adolescents Asian daughter is wearing a pink attire and holding an umbrella even though it is not raining .	The girl in a blue frock is standing in the rain with an umbrella .
contradiction	A blond-haired doctors and her African america assistants quest threw new medication booklet .	A man is eating pb and j
contradiction	A blond-haired doctor and her African america helpers searches threw new medicine textbook .	A masculine is eating bp and j
contradiction	A blond-haired medical and her African american assistant search threw newest medical flier .	A man is eating pb and j
contradiction	A adolescents females wearing a yellow sweater and black pants is ice skating outdoors .	the female is cook in the kitchen
contradiction	A child females wearing a yellow sweater and negro breeches is ice skating outdoors .	the woman is cooks in the kitchen
contradiction	A miners females wearing a yellow jumper and negro breeches is frosting skate outdoors .	the women is cook in the kitchen
contradiction	A underage dame and panel of cadet girl watching a groups of soldier males drive down the routes at a parade .	The females are drives down the routes .
contradiction	A youngsters lady and groups of cadet daughters watching a grouping of serviceman man drive down the routing at a parade .	The females are drive down the routing .
contradiction	A adolescence dame and groups of cadet daughters watching a grouping of solider men driving down the path at a parade .	The women are driving down the routes .
contradiction	A woman standing in front of a enormous tank at an aquarium turns around to look at the photographed .	A woman is tying her shoes
contradiction	A female standing in front of a huge tank at an aquarium turns around to look at the photography .	A women is tying her shoes
contradiction	A female standing in front of a overwhelming tank at an aquarium turns around to look at the images .	A women is tying her shoes
contradiction	A boy in athletes themed pjs is in front of a Christmas trees .	the teenage is on Saturn
contradiction	A boy in sportsman themed pjs is in front of a Christmas tree .	the teenaged is on Saturn
contradiction	A boy in athletics themed pajamas is in front of a Christmas tree .	the young is on Saturn
contradiction	A teens masculine wearing a hoodie , panties , and athletes footwear is sitting on a red lounge chair and watching hi-def televisions .	Man out for a jogging .
contradiction	A children mens wearing a hoodie , underpants , and sports footwear is sitting on a red lounge chair and watching hi-def tvs .	Man out for a jog .
contradiction	A teenagers men wearing a hoodie , underpants , and athletics shoes is sitting on a red lounge chair and watching hi-def tvs .	Man out for a jog .
contradiction	A males is laid back in front of a tv .	the males is standing in the kitchen
contradiction	A men is laid back in front of a television .	the males is standing in the kitchen
contradiction	A men is laid back in front of a televisions .	the male is standing in the kitchen
contradiction	A small boy play outside on the cement .	A boy is doing homework .
contradiction	A petite boy playing exterior on the cemented .	A boy is doing homework .
contradiction	A small boy playing outside on the cemented .	A boy is doing homework .
contradiction	Woman running in a park while listening to music .	A man cook at home .
contradiction	Woman running in a park while listening to music .	A males cooking at home .
contradiction	Woman running in a park while listening to music .	A masculine cook at home .
contradiction	Two hockey gamers on opposed teams , one in a red and white jersey and one in a blue and negro jersey , are standing on the rink .	Two man are getting prepared to play basketball .
contradiction	Two hockey gamers on oppose teams , one in a red and white jersey and one in a blue and black jersey , are standing on the rink .	Two male are getting ready to playing basketball .
contradiction	Two hockey gamers on opposed teams , one in a red and white jersey and one in a blue and black jersey , are standing on the rink .	Two men are getting readies to play basketball .
contradiction	A young boy wearing a red shirt and jeans stands in the media of a field and throws a toy aircraft in the planes .	A minors boy is play videotaped game indoors .
contradiction	A adolescents boy wearing a red shirt and jeans stands in the mid of a field and throws a toy aircraft in the airways .	A youth boy is playing videotape game indoors .
contradiction	A miner boy wearing a red shirt and jeans stands in the middle of a field and throws a toy aircraft in the airlines .	A teen boy is play video game indoors .
contradiction	An Asian woman in a hat is action food from barrels with a ladle into a minors metal pan .	A females is measurement out vineyard from a barrel .
contradiction	An Asian woman in a hat is activities food from barrels with a ladle into a adolescents metals pan .	A female is measuring out vineyard from a barrel .
contradiction	An Asian woman in a hat is actions food from barrels with a ladle into a teen metals pan .	A woman is activities out wine from a barrel .
contradiction	A dame in a blue and white pipes top takes her owned photographs with a disposable camera while another lady with a handbag blinks a piece sign in the background .	A dame is filming the party .
contradiction	A lady in a blue and white tubes top takes her owned photography with a disposable camera while another lady with a bag flashes a piece sign in the background .	A dame is filming the parties .
contradiction	A dame in a blue and white pipe top takes her owned photographing with a disposable camera while another lady with a wallets blinks a piece sign in the background .	A dame is filming the parties .
contradiction	A male preparing to bat in a baseball game .	The female is play baseball .
contradiction	A male preparing to bat in a baseball game .	The female is play baseball .
contradiction	A male preparing to bat in a baseball games .	The women is play baseball .
contradiction	Woman in a blue frock and carrying a negro pockets , rides a scooter down the street .	the daughters is wearing a negro dress and a blue purse
contradiction	Woman in a blue attire and carrying a black knapsack , rides a scooter down the street .	the daughter is wearing a black frock and a blue purse
contradiction	Woman in a blue garb and carrying a black bags , rides a scooter down the street .	the daughters is wearing a negro dress and a blue purse
contradiction	Boy with red shorts getting soaked with water .	The boy is not wet .
contradiction	Boy with red shorts getting soaked with water .	The boy is not wet .
contradiction	Boy with red shorts getting soaked with water .	The boy is not wet .
contradiction	A females in a red shirt and white skirt playing tennis .	A woman is in the shower .
contradiction	A female in a red shirt and white skirt play tennis .	A female is in the shower .
contradiction	A women in a red shirt and white skirt play tennis .	A females is in the shower .
contradiction	A tennis player in blue shorts and a white shirt making an aggressive backhand swing toward the tennis ball .	The person is taking a nap in their bed .
contradiction	A tennis player in blue shorts and a white shirt making an aggressive backhand swing towards the tennis ball .	The individuals is taking a nap in their bed .
contradiction	A tennis player in blue shorts and a white shirt making an aggressive backhand swing towards the tennis ball .	The person is taking a nap in their bed .
contradiction	A mens working at the top of a telephone poles .	The guy is manhunt in the lumber .
contradiction	A males working at the top of a cellphones poles .	The guy is hunted in the woods .
contradiction	A men working at the top of a telephones pole .	The guy is manhunt in the wood .
contradiction	A individuals wearing orange stockings and chunky boots has her legs stretched out on the grass .	The stockings are white and purple .
contradiction	A individuals wearing orange stockings and chunky boots has her legs stretched out on the grass .	The stockings are white and purple .
contradiction	A individuals wearing orange stockings and chunky boots has her legs stretched out on the grass .	The stockings are white and purple .
contradiction	Six or seven people are standing on a pier with a table and a pair of goggles in the foreground .	They are in a studied .
contradiction	Six or seven people are standing on a pier with a tables and a pair of goggles in the foreground .	They are in a examining .
contradiction	Six or seven people are standing on a pier with a table and a pair of spectacles in the foreground .	They are in a shipping .
contradiction	A nightly street scene of a restaurant .	A overnight scene of an flat building .
contradiction	A overnight street scene of a restaurant .	A overnight scene of an apartment building .
contradiction	A night street scene of a restaurant .	A nightly scene of an apartment building .
contradiction	A mens in a grey sweatshirt using a power saw .	the guy is dance to Michael Jackson
contradiction	A male in a grey sweatshirt using a power saw .	the guy is dances to Michael Jackson
contradiction	A men in a grey sweatshirt using a power saw .	the guy is dances to Michael Jackson
contradiction	A female marathon runner wearing a red headband , a red tank top and black shorts jogging down a paved routing .	two female arm wrestle in a bar
contradiction	A female marathon runner wearing a red headband , a red tank top and black shorts jogging down a paved paths .	two females arm wrestle in a bar
contradiction	A woman marathon racer wearing a red headband , a red tank top and black shorts jog down a paved pathway .	two women arm wrestle in a bar
contradiction	The masculine in the brown shirt is holding the hand of the long-haired adolescents in front of a painted .	A daddy and his juveniles is fishing in the middle of the Pacific naval .
contradiction	The masculine in the brown shirt is holding the hand of the long-haired miner in front of a painted .	A daddy and his adolescent is fishing in the media of the Pacific nautical .
contradiction	The man in the brown shirt is holding the hand of the long-haired youngsters in front of a painting .	A papa and his youthful is fishing in the media of the Pacific oceanic .
contradiction	A panel of people in black outfits drinking beer .	People eat chunks of meat .
contradiction	A grouping of people in black outfits drinking beer .	People eat chunks of meat .
contradiction	A grouping of people in negro outfits drinking beer .	People eat chunks of meat .
contradiction	Three females are clothed in ninja costumes .	There is solely one individuals present .
contradiction	Three women are attired in ninja costumes .	There is only one person present .
contradiction	Three females are dressed in ninja costumes .	There is solely one persons present .
contradiction	A panel of people at a 4th of july celebration , with one man standing on a stages with american flag colored medal around him .	The grouping are celebrating Christmas .
contradiction	A panel of people at a 4th of july celebration , with one male standing on a stages with american flag colored medal around him .	The panels are celebrating Christmas .
contradiction	A panel of people at a 4th of july celebration , with one masculine standing on a stages with american flag colored ornaments around him .	The panels are celebrating Christmas .
contradiction	Female beach volleyball gamers on either side of a netted , with one searches to spiking the ball as her teammate watches with the blue sky in the background .	A panel of women are soaked from the rain .
contradiction	Female beach volleyball gamers on either side of a net , with one searches to spike the ball as her teammate watches with the blue sky in the background .	A panel of women are soaked from the rain .
contradiction	Female beach volleyball players on either side of a net , with one quest to spiking the ball as her teammate clocks with the blue skies in the background .	A groups of females are soaked from the rain .
contradiction	Two dogs are play catch in a field .	The two dogs are resting in the field .
contradiction	Two dogs are play catch in a field .	The two dogs are rest in the field .
contradiction	Two dogs are playing catch in a field .	The two dogs are rest in the field .
contradiction	A person in a red shirt and negro undergarments hunched over .	The individuals is wearing a green shirt .
contradiction	A person in a red shirt and black panties hunched over .	The person is wearing a green shirt .
contradiction	A persons in a red shirt and black undergarments hunched over .	The individuals is wearing a green shirt .
contradiction	Man and a juveniles at an exhibit kiosk search at something .	A female and her dog are eating breakfast .
contradiction	Man and a juvenile at an exhibit kiosk searching at something .	A females and her dog are eating breakfast .
contradiction	Man and a minor at an exhibit kiosk searches at something .	A female and her dog are eating breakfast .
contradiction	A windsurfer catching aerial with water streaming off of the board .	No one is windsurfing .
contradiction	A windsurfer catching plane with water streaming off of the board .	No one is windsurfing .
contradiction	A windsurfer catching airlines with water streaming off of the board .	No one is windsurfing .
contradiction	Many people have decided to take a resting on the steps .	The people are all running very rapid in the Boston Marathon .
contradiction	Many people have decided to take a rest on the steps .	The people are all running very quickly in the Boston Marathon .
contradiction	Many people have decided to take a resting on the steps .	The people are all running very quicker in the Boston Marathon .
contradiction	This teenaged is on the bookstore steps .	The child is on the school steps .
contradiction	This miners is on the bookshop steps .	The teens is on the school steps .
contradiction	This juvenile is on the bookshelf steps .	The teens is on the school steps .
contradiction	A male is standing on his tip toes in front of two people sitting in the car .	A mens missing his legs sits in a wheelchair .
contradiction	A mens is standing on his tip toes in front of two people sitting in the auto .	A males missing his legs sits in a wheelchair .
contradiction	A masculine is standing on his tip toes in front of two people sitting in the vehicle .	A men missing his legs sits in a wheelchair .
contradiction	An archaic woman in a white jacket walking past a brick wall using a cain to supporting herself .	The female is in a wheelchair .
contradiction	An antiquated woman in a white jacket walking past a brick wall using a cain to supporting herself .	The woman is in a wheelchair .
contradiction	An aging females in a white jacket walking past a brick wall using a cain to support herself .	The females is in a wheelchair .
contradiction	A group of firemen and officials prepare to turn a vehicles right side after a crash .	Some firefighters are putting out a fire .
contradiction	A grouping of firemen and officials prepare to turning a motor rights side after a crash .	Some firemen are putting out a fire .
contradiction	A group of fireman and officials prepare to turning a car rights side after a crash .	Some firefighter are putting out a fire .
contradiction	A women in an apron is searches for bread .	A women is conversations on the telephones in her bedroom .
contradiction	A females in an apron is searches for bread .	A women is discussions on the cellphones in her chamber .
contradiction	A woman in an apron is looking for bread .	A woman is conversation on the telephones in her chamber .
contradiction	Two mens at a tables having beverages .	Two female are talking .
contradiction	Two man at a table having drinks .	Two females are discussions .
contradiction	Two man at a tables having drinks .	Two female are discussions .
contradiction	A girl in a pink sundress pushes a scooter past a row of orange construction barrels .	A boy is pushing the scooter .
contradiction	A daughter in a pink sundress pushes a scooter past a row of orange construction barrels .	A boy is pushing the scooter .
contradiction	A daughter in a pink sundress pushes a scooter past a row of orange construction barrels .	A boy is pushing the scooter .
contradiction	A smaller is sitting on the grass by a concrete storm drain .	A young is sitting next to a computers desk .
contradiction	A kids is sitting on the grass by a concrete storm draining .	A teens is sitting next to a computer desk .
contradiction	A young is sitting on the grass by a concrete storm draining .	A youths is sitting next to a computer desk .
contradiction	A males is playing drumming with a band .	A masculine is sing with a bands .
contradiction	A mens is play drumming with a band .	A men is sung with a bands .
contradiction	A masculine is playing drumming with a bands .	A male is sings with a bands .
contradiction	A couple walking down the street .	A couple dancing to music
contradiction	A couple walking down the street .	A couple dance to music
contradiction	A couple walking down the street .	A couple dancing to music
contradiction	A women fell in the water after riding a wakeboard .	A females lays on a pool float .
contradiction	A women fell in the water after riding a wakeboard .	A female lays on a pool float .
contradiction	A woman fell in the water after riding a wakeboard .	A females lays on a pool float .
contradiction	Right leg in a brace , a teens boy lies on the couch while using his mobiles .	The boy is walking around
contradiction	Right leg in a brace , a youthful boy lying on the couch while using his laptop .	The boy is walking around
contradiction	Right leg in a brace , a minors boy lie on the couch while using his movable .	The boy is walking around
contradiction	The tattooed basketball player is approximately to dunk the ball .	The man is play football . .
contradiction	The tattooed basketball player is roughly to dunk the ball .	The mens is playing football . .
contradiction	The tattooed basketball player is approximately to dunk the ball .	The males is play football . .
contradiction	A girls wearing khakis and a red sweatshirt is jumping in the airways , while she is in the forest .	The girl is jumping in the airways , while she is at the beach .
contradiction	A girl wearing khakis and a red sweatshirt is jumping in the aerial , while she is in the woodland .	The daughters is jumping in the plane , while she is at the beach .
contradiction	A girl wearing khakis and a red sweatshirt is jumping in the aviation , while she is in the woodland .	The girl is jumping in the plane , while she is at the beach .
contradiction	A boy in a swing .	boy swimming
contradiction	A boy in a swing .	boy swimming
contradiction	A boy in a swing .	boy swimming
contradiction	A dark headed females picking out a green flower from a heavy pail full of them .	A masculine writes in a newspaper .
contradiction	A dark headed female picking out a green flower from a heavy pail full of them .	A men writes in a journals .
contradiction	A dark headed females picking out a green flowering from a vast bucket full of them .	A masculine writes in a newspapers .
contradiction	a mass of people searching and moving in the same total direction .	A few people walked in random directions .
contradiction	a mass of people search and moving in the same overall direction .	A few people walked in random directions .
contradiction	a mass of people looking and moving in the same general direction .	A few people walked in random directions .
contradiction	A BMX rider is in airlines while on a dirt trail .	The BMX rider is at home watching the X games .
contradiction	A BMX rider is in planes while on a filth trail .	The BMX rider is at home watching the X game .
contradiction	A BMX rider is in aircraft while on a filth trail .	The BMX rider is at home watching the X game .
contradiction	Six mens , four with shirts and two without , have taken a break from their construction work on a building .	A soccer team is standing exterior of a building .
contradiction	Six mens , four with shirts and two without , have taken a break from their construction work on a building .	A soccer team is standing outboard of a building .
contradiction	Six men , four with shirts and two without , have taken a break from their construction work on a building .	A soccer team is standing outer of a building .
contradiction	A youth couple sitting in a negro chairs smiling .	Two teenage people are angry .
contradiction	A youths couple sitting in a black chairs smiling .	Two smaller people are angry .
contradiction	A teens couple sitting in a black chair smiling .	Two minor people are angry .
contradiction	A males in a colorful shirt and a lady in a white blouse sign copies of books for people .	A men in a colorful shirt and a lady in a white blouse give candy to people .
contradiction	A men in a colorful shirt and a lady in a white blouse sign ripping of ledger for people .	A masculine in a colorful shirt and a dame in a white blouse give candy to people .
contradiction	A mens in a colorful shirt and a dame in a white blouse sign copied of ledger for people .	A men in a colorful shirt and a lady in a white blouse give candy to people .
contradiction	Two construction workers are working in front of a wall which has a bunch of names carved into it .	The males are playing wind instruments .
contradiction	Two construction workers are working in front of a wall which has a bunch of names carved into it .	The masculine are play wind instruments .
contradiction	Two construction workers are working in front of a wall which has a bunch of names carved into it .	The men are play wind instruments .
contradiction	A mens is standing internal a building under construction filled with bricks and diverse tools .	a cat meows
contradiction	A mens is standing indoor a building under construction filled with bricks and myriad tools .	a cat meows
contradiction	A men is standing interior a building under construction filled with bricks and multiple tools .	a cat meows
contradiction	Two mens playing in a beautiful lake surrounded by mountains .	Two mens lurks in the sand of a deserts .
contradiction	Two male playing in a beautiful lake surrounded by mountains .	Two males lie in the sand of a deserts .
contradiction	Two masculine play in a beautiful lake surrounded by mountains .	Two males lies in the sand of a desert .
contradiction	A brown dog is in the middle of a line of dogs chase a dirty tennis ball over filth .	The tennis ball is clean .
contradiction	A brown dog is in the middle of a line of dogs hunted a dirty tennis ball over dirt .	The tennis ball is clean .
contradiction	A brown dog is in the middle of a line of dogs hunting a dirty tennis ball over dirt .	The tennis ball is clean .
contradiction	A man standing alone in a park .	a masculine alone at home
contradiction	A male standing alone in a park .	a mens alone at home
contradiction	A masculine standing alone in a park .	a mens alone at home
contradiction	A individuals lurks in a grassy spheres near a building .	The individuals is jumping on a trampoline .
contradiction	A persons lie in a grassy areas near a building .	The person is jumping on a trampoline .
contradiction	A individuals lie in a grassy area near a building .	The persons is jumping on a trampoline .
contradiction	Two small juveniles walk away in a field .	Two little miners are sitting down , eating ice cream .
contradiction	Two petite teenager walk away in a field .	Two petite adolescents are sitting down , eating icing cream .
contradiction	Two little kids walk away in a field .	Two petite youth are sitting down , eating icing cream .
contradiction	A boy in red and a daughter pink are walking through a low cut field .	Kids are walking through a mall .
contradiction	A boy in red and a girl pink are walking through a low cutting field .	Kids are walking through a mall .
contradiction	A boy in red and a girl pink are walking through a low cutting field .	Kids are walking through a mall .
contradiction	a boy in a red hooded top is smiling whilst search away from his reflection .	The boy is upset .
contradiction	a boy in a red hooded top is smiling whilst quest away from his reflection .	The boy is upset .
contradiction	a boy in a red hooded top is smiling whilst search away from his reflection .	The boy is upset .
contradiction	assorted people are motorcycle riding .	A team of polo gamers are practising with their horses .
contradiction	numerous people are mopeds riding .	A team of polo gamers are practicing with their horses .
contradiction	several people are motorcycles riding .	A team of polo players are practice with their horses .
contradiction	A masculine with lengthy red-hair , a brown shirt and scottish slacks sold fruit in a marketplace .	The masculine is sells pirated DVDs
contradiction	A male with lengthy red-hair , a brown shirt and whiskey pants sold fruit in a market .	The males is selling pirated DVDs
contradiction	A men with lengthy red-hair , a brown shirt and scotch undergarments sell fruit in a marketplace .	The men is sale pirated DVDs
contradiction	A smiling women and man are seated in front of a microphone in a music studio .	The females is frowning .
contradiction	A smiling females and masculine are seated in front of a mics in a music studio .	The female is frowning .
contradiction	A smiling women and men are seated in front of a microphone in a music studio .	The female is frowning .
contradiction	A biker wearing glass and a rucksack rides near a fountain .	A motorcyclist rides next to the maritime .
contradiction	A motorcyclist wearing glass and a purses rides near a fountain .	A biker rides next to the marina .
contradiction	A biker wearing glass and a satchel rides near a fountain .	A biker rides next to the maritime .
contradiction	A youths gymnast looks back at the audience , trying to catch a glimpse of her proud parents prior starts her performance .	Luchadores force all other athletes off a competitions field with their furious grappling .
contradiction	A child gymnast looks back at the audience , trying to catch a glimpse of her proud parents prior begun her performance .	Luchadores force all other athletics off a competitions field with their furious grappling .
contradiction	A youths gymnast looks back at the audience , trying to catch a glimpse of her proud parents avant began her performance .	Luchadores force all other athletic off a rivalry field with their furious grappling .
contradiction	A female stands smiling while holding a stuffed cat .	A gal is holding a stuffed dog .
contradiction	A females stands smiling while holding a stuffed cat .	A gal is holding a upholstered dog .
contradiction	A females stands smiling while holding a upholstered cat .	A gal is holding a upholstered dog .
contradiction	One tan daughters with a fleece hat is running and leaning over an object , while another individuals in a wool hat is sitting on the ground .	A boy runs into a wall
contradiction	One tan girls with a fleece hat is running and leaning over an object , while another person in a fleece hat is sitting on the ground .	A boy runs into a wall
contradiction	One tan daughter with a fleece hat is running and leaning over an object , while another persons in a wool hat is sitting on the ground .	A boy runs into a wall
contradiction	A males wearing a grey ball cap walks next to a redheaded females wearing a long-sleeved blue jean shirt .	The masculine is wearing a blue ceiling .
contradiction	A male wearing a gray ball chaps walks next to a redheaded female wearing a long-sleeved blue jean shirt .	The male is wearing a blue chaps .
contradiction	A man wearing a grey ball ceiling walks next to a redheaded female wearing a long-sleeved blue jean shirt .	The masculine is wearing a blue ceiling .
contradiction	A boy plays his trumpet during a performance with his bands .	Nobody has a trumpet
contradiction	A boy plays his trumpet during a performance with his bands .	Nobody has a trumpet
contradiction	A boy plays his trumpet during a performance with his bands .	Nobody has a trumpet
contradiction	A juveniles with blond-hair search out of a screen gate .	A kid looks out of a window .
contradiction	A teenagers with blond-hair looking out of a screen door .	A miner looks out of a window .
contradiction	A young with blond-hair looking out of a screen door .	A teenage looks out of a window .
contradiction	A underage with blond-hair looking out of a screen door .	A youngsters is being held by his mam at the mall .
contradiction	A juveniles with blond-hair searches out of a screen door .	A minors is being held by his momma at the mall .
contradiction	A youths with blond-hair quest out of a screen gate .	A miner is being held by his mummy at the mall .
contradiction	A fighter jet aircraft is landed outer Notre Dame cathedral at nighttime .	The fighter airplanes is in Korea .
contradiction	A fighter jet airlines is landed outboard Notre Dame cathedral at overnight .	The fighter airways is in Korea .
contradiction	A fighter jet planes is landed exterior Notre Dame cathedral at nightly .	The fighter airways is in Korea .
contradiction	A couple approximately to kissing somewhere .	A couple is throwing food at passing vehicles .
contradiction	A couple roughly to kiss somewhere .	A couple is throwing food at passing automobile .
contradiction	A couple roughly to kiss somewhere .	A couple is throwing food at passing automobile .
contradiction	A ballerina standing on the toes of one food with one arm up in the airplanes and one leg lifted behind her .	The ballerina is sleeping soundly .
contradiction	A ballerina standing on the toes of one food with one arm up in the airliner and one leg hoist behind her .	The ballerina is sleep soundly .
contradiction	A ballerina standing on the toes of one food with one arm up in the aircraft and one leg lift behind her .	The ballerina is sleeping soundly .
contradiction	A men wearing a black chap is suspended in the planes on a swing , as juvenile are swinging on a swing set .	The man in the black hat is sitting on a park bench watching the miners swing .
contradiction	A males wearing a black chaps is suspended in the airline on a swing , as youthful are swinging on a swing set .	The masculine in the negro hat is sitting on a park bench watching the kids swing .
contradiction	A masculine wearing a negro chap is suspended in the airlines on a swing , as youngsters are swinging on a swing set .	The masculine in the black hat is sitting on a park bench watching the young swing .
contradiction	A females is sitting down doing some kind of craft work while another person operates a heavy lumber looms device in the background .	The females is standing .
contradiction	A female is sitting down doing some sort of craft work while another persons operates a monumental timber looms device in the background .	The women is standing .
contradiction	A women is sitting down doing some kinds of craft work while another person operates a mammoth timber loom device in the background .	The female is standing .
contradiction	The dogs run a races at the track .	Dogs are hunting bunnies in a field .
contradiction	The dogs run a races at the track .	Dogs are chase bunnies in a field .
contradiction	The dogs run a race at the track .	Dogs are hunted bunnies in a field .
contradiction	Performer who is wearing 2 hats a terrifying mask and a black and white robe .	The performer is nude .
contradiction	Performer who is wearing 2 hats a disgusting mask and a black and white gown .	The performer is nude .
contradiction	Performer who is wearing 2 hats a vile mask and a negro and white gown .	The performer is naked .
contradiction	Four entertainers clothed in Roman style attire are performing at an exterior theatre .	Actors are on Broadway .
contradiction	Four entertainers clothed in Roman style attire are performing at an outer theaters .	Actors are on Broadway .
contradiction	Four entertainers attired in Roman style garb are performing at an outside theaters .	Actors are on Broadway .
contradiction	A groups of young grownups with `` X '' on their hands , smiling .	The panel of adult are crying hysterially .
contradiction	A groups of teenage adults with `` X '' on their hands , smiling .	The panel of adult are crying hysterially .
contradiction	A panel of juveniles adult with `` X '' on their hands , smiling .	The grouping of adults are crying hysterially .
contradiction	An ancient man in a baseball hat and an elders females in a jean jacket are standing outer , but are cover mostly in shadow .	An old females has no jacket .
contradiction	An ancient male in a baseball hat and an elders female in a jean jacket are standing exterior , but are covered mainly in shadow .	An antique female has no jacket .
contradiction	An ancient male in a baseball hat and an aged woman in a jean jacket are standing outside , but are covered predominantly in shadow .	An senior woman has no jacket .
contradiction	A adolescence white daughters is standing on the street in front of a storefront , clothed up in red with a hoop decorated with card symbols .	The youths white girls is sitting by the pavement .
contradiction	A kids white daughters is standing on the street in front of a storefront , clothed up in red with a hoop decorated with card symbols .	The adolescents white daughter is sitting by the pavement .
contradiction	A kids white girl is standing on the street in front of a storefront , dressed up in red with a hoop decorated with valentines symbols .	The minors white girl is sitting by the pavement .
contradiction	This off-roading driver has tipped his truck .	A Ferrari goes through the drive-thru .
contradiction	This off-roading drivers has tipped his truck .	A Ferrari goes through the drive-thru .
contradiction	This off-roading drivers has tipped his truck .	A Ferrari goes through the drive-thru .
contradiction	A masculine in a khaki jacket and ball chaps walks down the street .	The masculine is running down the street .
contradiction	A males in a khaki jacket and ball cap walks down the street .	The man is running down the street .
contradiction	A men in a khaki jacket and ball ceiling walks down the street .	The mens is running down the street .
contradiction	A speaking woman at a podium has the phrase `` Armenian Genocide '' written on it , flanked by priests and man in suits .	The men are hairless .
contradiction	A speaking women at a podium has the phrase `` Armenian Genocide '' written on it , flanked by priests and mens in suits .	The man are naked .
contradiction	A speaking females at a podium has the phrase `` Armenian Genocide '' written on it , flanked by priests and male in suits .	The masculine are hairless .
contradiction	People shopping for vegetables at an outside markets .	People shopping for junk at a flea marketplace .
contradiction	People shopping for vegetables at an outside markets .	People shopping for junk at a flea marketplace .
contradiction	People shopping for vegetables at an outer market .	People shopping for junk at a flea marketplace .
contradiction	Four minors kids appear in this pictures wearing underpants and shirts while they lounge in the room .	Three media senior man work at desks .
contradiction	Four adolescent adolescence appear in this picture wearing underclothes and shirts while they lounge in the room .	Three medium older man work at desks .
contradiction	Four youthful adolescents appear in this photograph wearing pants and shirts while they lounge in the room .	Three middle senior masculine work at desks .
contradiction	Motorcycle rider going over a bump .	Camel rider going over a bump .
contradiction	Motorcycle rider going over a bump .	Camel rider going over a bump .
contradiction	Motorcycle rider going over a bump .	Camel rider going over a bump .
contradiction	Two bearded masculine sit side by side .	Three females are sitting on a blanket .
contradiction	Two bearded males sit side by side .	Three woman are sitting on a blanket .
contradiction	Two bearded mens sit side by side .	Three woman are sitting on a blanket .
contradiction	Five persons standing on grass next to a brick building , holding their own string instrument .	The people are seated next to a building .
contradiction	Five person standing on grass next to a brick building , holding their owned string instrument .	The people are seated next to a building .
contradiction	Five persons standing on grass next to a brick building , holding their own strings instrument .	The people are seated next to a building .
contradiction	A newlywed couple laugh and conversation amongst themselves .	The couple is divorced .
contradiction	A newlywed couple laugh and discussions amongst themselves .	The couple is divorced .
contradiction	A newlywed couple laughing and conversation amongst themselves .	The couple is divorced .
contradiction	The petite boy is running through a grassy zone .	The boy is in his room .
contradiction	The petite boy is running through a grassy area .	The boy is in his room .
contradiction	The little boy is running through a grassy sphere .	The boy is in his room .
contradiction	Two people moped on a routes separate by petite mountains .	Two people are hiking up a mountain .
contradiction	Two people bike on a road separate by small mountains .	Two people are hiking up a mountain .
contradiction	Two people bikes on a path separate by small mountains .	Two people are hiking up a mountain .
contradiction	Four child are sitting at a table eating breakfast .	Children are slumber .
contradiction	Four teens are sitting at a table eating breakfast .	Children are sleep .
contradiction	Four underage are sitting at a tables eating breakfast .	Children are sleep .
contradiction	A females wearing a white coat ski down a snowy hill .	A female is climbing a mountain .
contradiction	A female wearing a white coat skis down a snow hill .	A women is climbing a mountain .
contradiction	A female wearing a white coat skis down a snow hill .	A women is climb a mountain .
contradiction	A black males in a lengthy sleeves white collared shirt and a tie is walking to work in a hefty town .	The men is wearing shorts and a t-shirt as he jogs .
contradiction	A black male in a long sleeves white collared shirt and a tie is walking to work in a mammoth town .	The males is wearing shorts and a t-shirt as he jogs .
contradiction	A negro male in a lengthy sleeves white collared shirt and a tie is walking to work in a monumental town .	The male is wearing shorts and a t-shirt as he jogs .
contradiction	The men in the black shirt is skateboard on the front steps of the building .	Two mens are pointing armed at each other on a dusty trail .
contradiction	The males in the negro shirt is skateboard on the front steps of the building .	Two mens are pointing arms at each other on a dusty trail .
contradiction	The males in the negro shirt is skateboard on the front steps of the building .	Two men are pointing gun at each other on a dusty trail .
contradiction	A lady in a white religious gown is being questioned by diverse people as she walks .	people were hunted the white attired angel
contradiction	A dame in a white religious gown is being questioned by different people as she walks .	people were chases the white attired angel
contradiction	A dame in a white religion robe is being questioned by varying people as she walks .	people were hunted the white attired angel
contradiction	A lady in a white religious robe is being questioned by varying people as she walks .	nobody seen her when the angels came on earth
contradiction	A lady in a white religious gown is being questioned by myriad people as she walks .	nobody seen her when the angels came on earth
contradiction	A lady in a white religion gown is being questioned by many people as she walks .	nobody seen her when the angels came on earth
contradiction	A dame in pink long-sleeved blouse is holding a pink wallets in her lap as she reaches something to the guy next to her .	Lady in red storms out of a cafe .
contradiction	A dame in pink long-sleeved blouse is holding a pink rucksack in her lap as she reaches something to the guy next to her .	Lady in red storms out of a cafe .
contradiction	A lady in pink long-sleeved blouse is holding a pink purse in her lap as she reaches something to the guy next to her .	Lady in red storms out of a cafe .
contradiction	A females in a red jacket and glasses smiles at the camera while another woman unloads skis from a vehicular .	A female in a red jacket and glasses eats the camera
contradiction	A woman in a red jacket and goggles smiles at the camera while another females unloads skis from a automobile .	A females in a red jacket and spectacles eats the camera
contradiction	A women in a red jacket and spectacles smiles at the camera while another woman unloads ski from a motor .	A female in a red jacket and glasses eats the camera
contradiction	Sled and dogs headed towards another group of sled dogs with one loose .	The dogs are sitting still .
contradiction	Sled and dogs headed towards another grouping of sled dogs with one slack .	The dogs are sitting still .
contradiction	Sled and dogs headed towards another grouping of sled dogs with one loose .	The dogs are sitting still .
contradiction	Two man are wrestling ; one has the maple leaf of the Canadian flag on his uniforms .	Two male enjoy a nice canadians maple syrup on their pancake breakfast .
contradiction	Two masculine are wrestling ; one has the maple leaf of the Canadian flag on his uniforms .	Two masculine enjoy a nice canadian maple syrup on their pancake breakfast .
contradiction	Two males are wrestling ; one has the maple leaf of the Canadian flag on his standardized .	Two man enjoy a nice canadian maple syrup on their pancake breakfast .
contradiction	A lady teachers warns her schoolchildren about their behaviors in a museum setting , and invited them to be quite .	Students are internal of a films theater
contradiction	A dame professors warns her pupil about their behavior in a museum setting , and invites them to be quite .	Students are internal of a cinema theater
contradiction	A lady professors warnings her students roughly their behavior in a museum setting , and inviting them to be quite .	Students are interior of a films theater
contradiction	Blue , red , yellow , and white are the dominant coloring of a pictures of two policing automobile exterior of what looks like a smoking roll play vehicle , a cyclist in between the two motor with 6 people in the photos .	There are twelve cop vehicles in the photograph .
contradiction	Blue , red , yellow , and white are the dominant colors of a image of two cops vehicle exterior of what looks like a smokers roll play auto , a bike in between the two autos with 6 people in the photos .	There are twelve policemen automobile in the photographed .
contradiction	Blue , red , yellow , and white are the dominant color of a image of two policing auto exterior of what looks like a smokes roll playing vehicle , a mopeds in between the two vehicles with 6 people in the pictures .	There are twelve policemen motors in the photo .
contradiction	A panels of bathers leap into a pool .	A grouping of swimmers are sitting on an airplanes on the manner to their swimming rivalry .
contradiction	A panels of swimmers leap into a pool .	A panels of bathers are sitting on an airline on the manner to their swim rivalry .
contradiction	A grouping of bathers jump into a pool .	A groups of bathers are sitting on an jets on the manner to their swim competitions .
contradiction	A masculine in an orange turban is standing in front of a basket containing a packaged of marlboro reds and other little objects .	A males in a white turban holds an empty basket .
contradiction	A male in an orange turban is standing in front of a basket containing a package of marlboro reds and other small objects .	A masculine in a white turban holds an empty basket .
contradiction	A male in an orange turban is standing in front of a basket containing a pack of marlboro reds and other little objects .	A males in a white turban holds an empty basket .
contradiction	The persons is fishing , with waves splashing around him .	The persons is sitting at home watching televisions .
contradiction	The individuals is fishing , with waves splashing around him .	The persons is sitting at home watching television .
contradiction	The individuals is fishing , with waves splashing around him .	The persons is sitting at home watching televisions .
contradiction	Two boys with blond-hair , wearing striped shirts on a bed .	Children play in the park .
contradiction	Two boys with blond-hair , wearing striped shirts on a bed .	Children play in the park .
contradiction	Two boys with blond-hair , wearing striped shirts on a bed .	Children playing in the park .
contradiction	Three man clothed in white shirts and white hats , -LRB- two with baseball cap , the leader with a white construction helmet -RRB- , pounding sticks on steel and plastic drums .	Three female playing the drums
contradiction	Three man dressed in white shirts and white hats , -LRB- two with baseball caps , the leader with a white construction helmet -RRB- , pounding sticks on steel and plastic drum .	Three women play the drums
contradiction	Three masculine dressed in white shirts and white hats , -LRB- two with baseball cap , the leader with a white construction helmet -RRB- , pounding sticks on steel and plastic drums .	Three women playing the drums
contradiction	Several younger people sitting in front of a statue .	several minor people are sitting in an auditorium
contradiction	Several cadet people sitting in front of a statue .	several smaller people are sitting in an auditorium
contradiction	Several cadet people sitting in front of a statue .	several minor people are sitting in an auditorium
contradiction	Two mens in workers ' gear and colorful stiff hats standing on board what appears to be a massive investigation , next to some very mammoth machinery .	two males are sitting by the pool next to machinery on the boat
contradiction	Two men in workers ' gear and colorful harsh hats standing on board what appears to be a immense surveys , next to some very overwhelming machinery .	two masculine are sitting by the pool next to machinery on the boat
contradiction	Two masculine in workers ' gear and colorful tricky hats standing on board what appears to be a immense investigation , next to some very monumental machinery .	two man are sitting by the pool next to machinery on the boat
contradiction	A brown-haired dame carries a reusable purses and holds a coffee in one hand and a cookies in the other .	A lady is eating sushi at her desk .
contradiction	A brown-haired dame carries a reusable handbag and holds a coffee in one hand and a cookie in the other .	A dame is eating sushi at her desk .
contradiction	A brown-haired dame carries a reusable bags and holds a coffee in one hand and a cookie in the other .	A lady is eating sushi at her desk .
contradiction	Fans are dressed in green and yellow for a important athlete events .	The enthusiasts are wearing blue and red for a athletes event .
contradiction	Fans are dressed in green and yellow for a important sport events .	The fans are wearing blue and red for a athletic event .
contradiction	Fans are attired in green and yellow for a important athletic events .	The fans are wearing blue and red for a sportsmen events .
contradiction	A chef is cutting a piece of fish with a chiefs knife .	The chef is at home , rapid asleep .
contradiction	A chef is cutting a piece of fishes with a heads knife .	The chef is at home , quick asleep .
contradiction	A chef is cut a piece of fishes with a chiefs knife .	The chef is at home , promptly asleep .
contradiction	A crowd of people in a stadium decked out in white , yellow and green cheer and clap for the team below .	the crowd is on planet mars
contradiction	A crowd of people in a stadium decked out in white , yellow and green cheer and clap for the team below .	the crowd is on planet mars
contradiction	A crowd of people in a stadium decked out in white , yellow and green cheer and clap for the team below .	the crowd is on planet mars
contradiction	A women guitarist is playing on stages .	The females is playing the piano on the stage .
contradiction	A women guitarist is play on stage .	The women is play the piano on the stages .
contradiction	A females guitarist is play on stage .	The female is play the piano on the stage .
contradiction	A man scales a rock climb wall .	A man reading a book .
contradiction	A male scales a rock climbing wall .	A male reading a book .
contradiction	A men scales a rock climbing wall .	A man reading a book .
contradiction	A family with child children sits down outer .	A fathers is walking the dog with his teenaged .
contradiction	A families with youths smaller sits down outer .	A fathers is walking the dog with his teenage .
contradiction	A families with smaller youngsters sits down outer .	A father is walking the dog with his teenagers .
contradiction	Construction workers are standing upon on a woods bridge .	The bridge is metal
contradiction	Construction workers are standing upon on a lumber bridge .	The bridges is metal
contradiction	Construction workers are standing upon on a wood bridges .	The bridges is metal
contradiction	A female getting her face paints for a parade .	the woman is surfing
contradiction	A woman getting her face paints for a parade .	the women is surfing
contradiction	A women getting her face paintings for a parade .	the women is surfing
contradiction	Three male attired in suits and ties clasps their raised hands while standing in front of business logos .	One of the masculine is actually sasquatch .
contradiction	Three man clothed in suits and ties clasps their raised hands while standing in front of company logos .	One of the male is actually yeti .
contradiction	Three man attired in suits and ties clasps their raised hands while standing in front of ventures logos .	One of the man is actually bigfoot .
contradiction	Three men attired in suits and ties clasps their raised hands while standing in front of corporation logos .	There are three males sitting at a poker table .
contradiction	Three mens clothed in suits and ties clasps their raised hands while standing in front of corporate logos .	There are three males sitting at a poker table .
contradiction	Three man dressed in suits and ties clasps their raised hands while standing in front of corporation logos .	There are three masculine sitting at a poker tables .
contradiction	Two middle-aged policeman officers watch over a parking lot , at overnight .	The officer are actually security guard .
contradiction	Two middle-aged cops officers watch over a parking lot , at night .	The officers are actually security guarding .
contradiction	Two middle-aged policemen officers watch over a parking lot , at overnight .	The officer are actually security guard .
contradiction	Two middle-aged cops officers watch over a parking lot , at nighttime .	The mall policemen patrols a boutique .
contradiction	Two middle-aged police officer watch over a parking lot , at nighttime .	The mall policemen patrolling a store .
contradiction	Two middle-aged policeman officers watch over a parking batch , at night .	The mall cop patrol a store .
contradiction	A panel of adult stands in the tub quest down a little teenage in the bath .	The teenage is slept .
contradiction	A groups of adult stands in the toilets search down a little adolescents in the bath .	The children is sleep .
contradiction	A grouping of adults stands in the bathhouse searches down a small youngsters in the bath .	The minor is slept .
contradiction	A individuals doing a ploy on a snowboard .	A person is icing skating .
contradiction	A persons doing a trick on a snowboard .	A persons is ice skating .
contradiction	A individuals doing a trick on a snowboard .	A individuals is frosting skating .
contradiction	A snowboarder is grinding down a lengthy concrete rail .	The snowboarder is sitting in a jacuzzi .
contradiction	A snowboarder is grinding down a long concrete rail .	The snowboarder is sitting in a jacuzzi .
contradiction	A snowboarder is grinding down a lengthy concrete rail .	The snowboarder is sitting in a jacuzzi .
contradiction	A barefoot teenager climbs at the jungle gym .	The adolescence is sitting on a bed .
contradiction	A barefoot miners climbs at the jungle gym .	The adolescent is sitting on a bed .
contradiction	A barefoot underage climbs at the jungle gym .	The adolescent is sitting on a bed .
contradiction	A female and a miner girls are sitting down and smiling .	The females are standing and frowning .
contradiction	A woman and a young daughter are sitting down and smiling .	The female are standing and frowning .
contradiction	A woman and a youthful daughter are sitting down and smiling .	The women are standing and frowning .
contradiction	A fathers and sons are in a field of yellow flowering .	People are moving a sofa .
contradiction	A father and son are in a field of yellow flowers .	People are moving a sofa .
contradiction	A fathers and son are in a field of yellow flowering .	People are moving a sofa .
contradiction	A kid daughters with sunglasses sits and holds two American flags .	A young girl with glasses holds two frosting cream cones .
contradiction	A underage daughters with eyeglasses sits and holds two American flags .	A smaller daughters with sunglasses holds two frosting cream cones .
contradiction	A youths girls with glasses sits and holds two American flags .	A youth daughter with eyeglasses holds two frosting cream cones .
contradiction	2 woman and 2 girls crossing the road	Four men humans cross the road .
contradiction	2 woman and 2 girls crossed the road	Four men humans crossing the paths .
contradiction	2 women and 2 daughter cross the road	Four men humans cross the routes .
contradiction	A goofy looking female is sung on stage .	A female is reciting poetry on the stages .
contradiction	A goofy searching women is singing on stages .	A females is reciting poetry on the stage .
contradiction	A goofy looking females is sing on stages .	A female is reciting poetry on the stage .
contradiction	A groups of people are sight seeing and taking photograph .	the panel is at home
contradiction	A grouping of people are sight seeing and taking photographed .	the panels is at home
contradiction	A groups of people are sight seeing and taking photo .	the groups is at home
contradiction	A gentleman standing on steps getting his photos taken by a girl wearing a dress .	The male is sitting on the curb with a females .
contradiction	A gentleman standing on steps getting his image taken by a daughter wearing a garb .	The male is sitting on the curb with a females .
contradiction	A gentlemen standing on steps getting his photographic taken by a daughters wearing a dress .	The male is sitting on the curb with a female .
contradiction	A crowd of people is quest at something outside of a Gap store .	People are looking inside
contradiction	A crowd of people is search at something outdoor of a Gap boutique .	People are quest inside
contradiction	A crowd of people is searches at something exterior of a Gap store .	People are quest inside
contradiction	A little boy play with two rubber chickens .	The boy is asleep .
contradiction	A little boy play with two rubber chickens .	The boy is asleep .
contradiction	A small boy playing with two rubber chickens .	The boy is asleep .
contradiction	Man in puffy yellow jacket on ski on a mountain .	The males is sitting on a chairs in his homes .
contradiction	Man in puffy yellow jacket on ski on a mountain .	The masculine is sitting on a chair in his house .
contradiction	Man in puffy yellow jacket on skis on a mountain .	The males is sitting on a chair in his house .
contradiction	A women with a negro and white garb on is carry a green plastic laundry basket in front of an apartment building .	The female is wearing a bathing suit .
contradiction	A women with a negro and white frock on is carrying a green plastic laundry basket in front of an flat building .	The woman is wearing a bathing suit .
contradiction	A female with a black and white dress on is carrying a green plastic laundry basket in front of an apartment building .	The females is wearing a bathing suit .
contradiction	The two dogs are play catch with a red Frisbee .	Two dogs slept in a dog bed .
contradiction	The two dogs are playing catch with a red Frisbee .	Two dogs sleeping in a dog bed .
contradiction	The two dogs are playing catch with a red Frisbee .	Two dogs slumber in a dog bed .
contradiction	The daughters wearing a brown jacket whilst walking in snow .	A females is eating pasta in a restaurant .
contradiction	The daughter wearing a brown jacket whilst walking in snowy .	A female is eating pasta in a restaurant .
contradiction	The girls wearing a brown jacket whilst walking in snow .	A females is eating pasta in a restaurant .
contradiction	There are multiple people in a enormous room with a lot of furniture with tags on them .	A happy couple share a picnic basket for a lunch date at the park .
contradiction	There are different people in a mammoth rooms with a lot of furniture with tags on them .	A happy couple share a picnic basket for a lunch dating at the park .
contradiction	There are many people in a hefty rooms with a lot of furniture with tags on them .	A happy couple share a picnic basket for a lunch dating at the park .
contradiction	Four males and a teenager boy are at a table set up for timber artisans .	Four man and a minors boy are at the lake swimming .
contradiction	Four male and a underage boy are at a table set up for wooden crafts .	Four masculine and a youngsters boy are at the lake swimming .
contradiction	Four male and a teenage boy are at a table set up for wooden artisans .	Four male and a kids boy are at the lake swim .
contradiction	A female attends to her laundry in a laundromat .	Nobody is doing laundry at the laundromat .
contradiction	A female attends to her laundry in a laundromat .	Nobody is doing laundry at the laundromat .
contradiction	A females attends to her laundry in a laundromat .	Nobody is doing laundry at the laundromat .
contradiction	The bear are facing each other with their mouths broad opening .	Five foxes are searching at each other .
contradiction	The bears are facing each other with their mouths extensive openings .	Five foxes are looking at each other .
contradiction	The bear are facing each other with their mouths extensive opens .	Five foxes are searches at each other .
contradiction	A masculine leads the way in a races .	The man is last place in the races .
contradiction	A males leads the manner in a race .	The males is last place in the errand .
contradiction	A mens leads the manner in a errand .	The mens is last place in the races .
contradiction	The juvenile play in the pool .	The teen are yacht fractions inland the classroom .
contradiction	The kids playing in the pool .	The teens are vessels fractions inner the classroom .
contradiction	The teenager playing in the pool .	The young are examined fractions inland the classroom .
contradiction	A motocross rider rides in the air over a bar .	A girl rides a scooter through the grass .
contradiction	A motocross rider rides in the airplanes over a bar .	A girl rides a scooter through the grass .
contradiction	A motocross rider rides in the aircraft over a bar .	A daughters rides a scooter through the grass .
contradiction	A males in a black hat , standing on the street while playing an electric guitar and singing .	The male in play a bango internal a bar .
contradiction	A man in a negro hat , standing on the street while play an electrified guitar and sings .	The masculine in playing a bango inside a bar .
contradiction	A men in a negro hat , standing on the street while playing an electricity guitar and sing .	The males in playing a bango internal a bar .
contradiction	A guy gettin lots of planes on a skateboard at a skatepark	A men asleep on his snowboarding .
contradiction	A guy gettin lots of midair on a skateboarding at a skatepark	A males asleep on his skiing .
contradiction	A guy gettin lots of midair on a skateboard at a skatepark	A man asleep on his snowboarding .
contradiction	A motorcyclist with a blue jacket , black underpants , and white helmet driving on dirt while people watch .	A errand automobile driver is doing laps in front of other people .
contradiction	A biker with a blue jacket , negro panties , and white helmet driving on dirt while people watch .	A race vehicle drivers is doing laps in front of other people .
contradiction	A motorcyclist with a blue jacket , negro trousers , and white helmet drives on filth while people watch .	A racing car driver is doing laps in front of other people .
contradiction	Some seniors people are playing instruments in a park .	The outdated people are slept in the living room .
contradiction	Some seniors people are play instruments in a park .	The elders people are sleep in the living room .
contradiction	Some outdated people are playing instruments in a park .	The aged people are sleeping in the living rooms .
contradiction	A kid is surrounded by a field of sunflowers .	An archaic person in a field of poppies .
contradiction	A juveniles is surrounded by a field of sunflowers .	An antiquated persons in a field of poppies .
contradiction	A smaller is surrounded by a field of sunflowers .	An antique person in a field of poppies .
contradiction	Dog yawns	A dog is singing the National Anthem .
contradiction	Dog yawns	A dog is sung the National Anthem .
contradiction	Dog yawns	A dog is singing the National Anthem .
contradiction	A smaller girl is standing in a kitchen holding a green bib .	A boy is playing with a firetruck .
contradiction	A minor girl is standing in a kitchen holding a green bib .	A boy is playing with a firetruck .
contradiction	A smaller girls is standing in a kitchen holding a green bib .	A boy is play with a firetruck .
contradiction	A navigator pear with people boarding and disembarking some explorer .	people are at a nascar race
contradiction	A investigate pear with people boarding and disembarking some examines .	people are at a nascar race
contradiction	A navigating pear with people boarding and disembarking some investigating .	people are at a nascar race
contradiction	Tourists wait outer of a home to visit .	People wait in line at a fast food restaurant .
contradiction	Tourists waiting outer of a home to visit .	People waiting in line at a quick food restaurant .
contradiction	Tourists wait outdoor of a home to visit .	People waiting in line at a faster food restaurant .
contradiction	A heavy black and white dog is licking a child white and black dog who is growling .	The dog is red
contradiction	A large negro and white dog is licking a children white and negro dog who is growling .	The dog is red
contradiction	A jumbo negro and white dog is licking a minor white and black dog who is growling .	The dog is red
contradiction	A masculine , females , and youth get their pictures taken in front of the mountains .	A family is in their vehicular .
contradiction	A mens , female , and juvenile get their photographs taken in front of the mountains .	A families is in their vehicles .
contradiction	A man , woman , and juveniles get their photograph taken in front of the mountains .	A families is in their vehicles .
contradiction	A big black and white dog is licking a youthful white and black dog who is growling .	The dog is happy
contradiction	A enormous negro and white dog is licking a underage white and black dog who is growling .	The dog is happy
contradiction	A hefty negro and white dog is licking a adolescent white and negro dog who is growling .	The dog is happy
contradiction	A bicycle rider wearing race gear pedals a yellow mopeds past the wired fence at the edge of a field , with a stand of trees in the background .	Someone was trying to take a shortcut home .
contradiction	A cycle rider wearing errand gear pedals a yellow cyclist past the wires fences at the edge of a field , with a stand of trees in the background .	Someone was trying to take a shortcut home .
contradiction	A motorcycles rider wearing races gear pedals a yellow motorcycles past the wiring fences at the edge of a field , with a stand of trees in the background .	Someone was trying to take a shortcut home .
contradiction	A bicycles rider wearing races gear pedals a yellow motorcycle past the wired fences at the edge of a field , with a stand of trees in the background .	A scooter rider wearing casual clothes races past a building .
contradiction	A motorbike rider wearing racing gear pedals a yellow bicycling past the cable fences at the edge of a field , with a stand of trees in the background .	A scooter rider wearing occasional apparel race past a building .
contradiction	A motorbike rider wearing errand gear pedals a yellow bicycles past the wire fence at the edge of a field , with a stand of trees in the background .	A scooter rider wearing occasional clothing racing past a building .
contradiction	A white male in and office setting , wearing a grey frock shirt and black dress panties with black dress shoe is jump roping and smiling .	the mens brought his equestrian to the office .
contradiction	A white males in and office setting , wearing a gray frock shirt and black frock breeches with black attire shoes is leap roping and smiling .	the male brought his equestrian to the office .
contradiction	A white man in and office setting , wearing a gray frock shirt and black garb underpants with black dress shoes is leap roping and smiling .	the men brought his equestrian to the office .
contradiction	A mens with a prosthetic leg diving for a volleyball .	The mens is play soccer .
contradiction	A male with a prosthetics leg scuba for a volleyball .	The males is playing soccer .
contradiction	A man with a prosthetic leg diving for a volleyball .	The males is playing soccer .
contradiction	A males does a skating ploy off of graffiti-filled stairs .	A man yawns and stretches , weary from a day of work .
contradiction	A masculine does a skating trick off of graffiti-filled stairs .	A masculine yawns and stretches , weary from a day of work .
contradiction	A mens does a skating trick off of graffiti-filled stairs .	A men yawns and stretches , fatigued from a day of work .
contradiction	Two female in tank tops are drinking .	Two topless woman are making out .
contradiction	Two females in tank tops are drinking .	Two topless female are making out .
contradiction	Two females in tank tops are drinking .	Two topless female are making out .
contradiction	A crowd of people in stadium style seating appear disinterested in the venue .	A grouping of people are excited to be here .
contradiction	A crowd of people in stadium style seating appear uninterested in the venue .	A panel of people are excited to be here .
contradiction	A crowd of people in stadium style seats appear uninterested in the venue .	A grouping of people are excited to be here .
contradiction	An antiquated man with a cowboy hat , cowboy boots , and blue jeans stands next to a cabin and looks off into the distance as the sun sets in the background .	Nobody has a hat
contradiction	An elder men with a cowboy hat , cowboy boots , and blue jeans stands next to a cabin and looks off into the distance as the sun sets in the background .	Nobody has a hat
contradiction	An outdated male with a cowboy hat , cowboy boots , and blue jeans stands next to a cabin and looks off into the distance as the sun sets in the background .	Nobody has a hat
contradiction	A panels of smaller male are dumping soil onto the ground of their backyard .	The teens mens laze roughly on the beach , sunning themselves in the afternoon sun .
contradiction	A group of underage man are dumping soil onto the ground of their courtyard .	The juveniles mens laze approximately on the beach , sunning themselves in the afternoon sun .
contradiction	A grouping of smaller mens are dumping soil onto the ground of their courtyard .	The minor mens laze about on the beach , sunning themselves in the afternoon sun .
contradiction	Two men are working together to hollow the barrel of its contents .	A men and women are emptying the barrel .
contradiction	Two man are working together to empty the barrel of its contents .	A man and females are emptying the barrel .
contradiction	Two men are working together to empty the barrel of its contents .	A males and women are emptying the barrel .
contradiction	A male looks mysterious in a blue shirt and a red truck for a business called Wilbert .	A females cuts eggplant .
contradiction	A mens looks mysterious in a blue shirt and a red truck for a corporate called Wilbert .	A females cuts eggplant .
contradiction	A man looks mysterious in a blue shirt and a red truck for a corporations called Wilbert .	A females cuts eggplant .
contradiction	people are standing near water with a exploring heading their direction	People are waiting in line at the restaurant .
contradiction	people are standing near water with a examined heading their direction	People are waiting in line at the restaurant .
contradiction	people are standing near water with a sail header their direction	People are waiting in line at the restaurant .
contradiction	Man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	the men is standing in the roof
contradiction	Man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	the males is standing in the roof
contradiction	Man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	the masculine is standing in the roof
contradiction	A teen males in an orange shirt , maneuvers a skateboarding at the top of a ramp .	An seniors male rides a skateboard .
contradiction	A teenage men in an orange shirt , maneuvers a skateboarding at the top of a ramp .	An age masculine rides a skateboarding .
contradiction	A teenager men in an orange shirt , maneuvers a skateboarding at the top of a ramp .	An old mens rides a skateboarding .
contradiction	A boy is running in a spinning metallic tunnel in the playground .	He can carry the tunnels home .
contradiction	A boy is running in a spinning metals tunnel in the playground .	He can carry the tunnel home .
contradiction	A boy is running in a spin metal tunnels in the playground .	He can carry the tunnels home .
contradiction	Cityscape with four masculine on bike serving as the focal point of picture .	Local robbers escape after theft an otter
contradiction	Cityscape with four mens on bicycles serving as the focal point of photograph .	Local robbers escape after steal an otter
contradiction	Cityscape with four males on bicycles serving as the focal point of photographing .	Local robbers escape after shoplift an otter
contradiction	A male and a boy behind the wheel of a motors .	The man and the boy are purchase footwear .
contradiction	A man and a boy behind the wheeled of a motors .	The men and the boy are buying footwear .
contradiction	A males and a boy behind the wheels of a autos .	The mens and the boy are purchasing footwear .
contradiction	Three Asian man are running down a track holding hands while a heavy gathering of people watches them .	Three males are struggles .
contradiction	Three Asian man are running down a track holding hands while a hefty gathering of people clocks them .	Three males are struggling .
contradiction	Three Asian masculine are running down a track holding hands while a gigantic gathering of people clocks them .	Three man are fights .
contradiction	Four adult eat while sitting on a tile floor .	Two couples play pool in a bar .
contradiction	Four grownups eat while sitting on a tile floor .	Two couples playing pool in a bar .
contradiction	Four adults eat while sitting on a tile floor .	Two couples playing pool in a bar .
contradiction	A girl in a green coat walks down a farming pathway play a flute	A gil runs down the routing with her cat .
contradiction	A girls in a green coat walks down a rural routes playing a flute	A gil runs down the pathway with her cat .
contradiction	A daughters in a green coat walks down a agriculture paths play a flute	A gil runs down the path with her cat .
contradiction	A group of woman sporting are huddled together and excited .	The panel of athletes all can breathing submarine .
contradiction	A panels of female sport are huddled together and excited .	The group of sports all can breath underwater .
contradiction	A panel of female sports are huddled together and excited .	The panels of sport all can breathe underwater .
contradiction	A racer poses for a photos with friends in a parking lot .	The racer has no friends .
contradiction	A runner poses for a picture with friends in a parking batch .	The runner has no friends .
contradiction	A racer poses for a photographic with friends in a parking batch .	The racer has no friends .
contradiction	A nurse is listening to another women 's heartbeat with a stethoscope .	A nurse taking the temperature of a woman .
contradiction	A nurse is listening to another women 's heartbeat with a stethoscope .	A nurse taking the temperature of a woman .
contradiction	A nurses is listening to another women 's heartbeat with a stethoscope .	A nurses taking the temperature of a females .
contradiction	A boy and a females are on top of large rocks at sunset .	The sun is at its highest point of the day .
contradiction	A boy and a woman are on top of heavy rocks at sunset .	The sun is at its biggest point of the day .
contradiction	A boy and a women are on top of heavy rocks at sunset .	The sun is at its upper point of the day .
contradiction	Two sweet miners girls on icing skates , hands up and holding on to each other get ready to launching their performance on the frosting .	Two female synchronized swimmers are in the pool .
contradiction	Two sweet underage daughter on icing skates , hands up and holding on to each other get poised to starting their performance on the frosting .	Two female synchronize swimmers are in the pool .
contradiction	Two sweet adolescents girls on icing skates , hands up and holding on to each other get prepared to begins their performance on the frosting .	Two females synchronize bathers are in the pool .
contradiction	A white male taking a photograph in front of water .	A men is using the tub .
contradiction	A white masculine taking a images in front of water .	A men is using the bathtub .
contradiction	A white mens taking a photograph in front of water .	A mens is using the bathrooms .
contradiction	A dog standing near snowy searching at water .	A cat is laying on the couch .
contradiction	A dog standing near snowy quest at water .	A cat is laying on the couch .
contradiction	A dog standing near snow looking at water .	A cat is laying on the couch .
contradiction	A male in bright shirt carry a fallen branch .	The mens is sipping an frosting tea in the shade of a jumbo maple tree .
contradiction	A man in bright shirt carrying a fallen branch .	The male is sipping an ice tea in the shade of a immense maple tree .
contradiction	A males in bright shirt carrying a fallen branch .	The men is sipping an ice tea in the shade of a overwhelming maple trees .
contradiction	A masculine wearing blue pants , a white helmet , and a green-striped shirt is shown on ski in airplanes , against a blue sky with a loner puffy cloud .	The men is sitting down .
contradiction	A masculine wearing blue panties , a white helmet , and a green-striped shirt is shown on ski in aviation , against a blue sky with a hermit puffy cloud .	The men is sitting down .
contradiction	A males wearing blue slacks , a white helmet , and a green-striped shirt is shown on ski in planes , against a blue sky with a solitaire puffy cloud .	The man is sitting down .
contradiction	Picture of two male play in a band , one play the drums and one playing a xylophone type of instrument , in a dark rooms with two unrecognizable people watching in the background .	A man is play the trumpet on the street corner .
contradiction	Picture of two mens play in a band , one play the drum and one playing a xylophone type of instrument , in a dark room with two unrecognizable people watching in the background .	A male is playing the trumpet on the street nook .
contradiction	Picture of two male play in a bands , one play the drum and one playing a xylophone type of instrument , in a dark rooms with two unrecognizable people watching in the background .	A mens is playing the trumpet on the street cornering .
contradiction	Adults and adolescence share in the quest at something , and some miners ladies stand to the side .	Some juvenile are sleeping
contradiction	Adults and adolescent share in the quest at something , and some adolescent ladies stand to the side .	Some adolescent are sleeping
contradiction	Adults and adolescents share in the looking at something , and some underage ladies stand to the side .	Some youths are sleeping
contradiction	Very youngsters boy is standing exterior near a water fountain that is built into the ground and is squirting water .	The youthful boy is standing interior .
contradiction	Very juvenile boy is standing outer near a water fountain that is built into the ground and is squirting water .	The minors boy is standing inside .
contradiction	Very teenaged boy is standing exterior near a water fountain that is built into the ground and is squirting water .	The adolescent boy is standing interior .
contradiction	The white dog runs across the snow .	The dog was indoors by the fire .
contradiction	The white dog runs across the snowy .	The dog was indoors by the fire .
contradiction	The white dog runs across the snowy .	The dog was indoors by the fire .
contradiction	Man in occasional dark shirt and underpants and hat dancing with curly-haired blond females in short red garb and red high heels	Nobody is dancing .
contradiction	Man in occasional dark shirt and slacks and hat dance with curly-haired blond female in short red frock and red high heels	Nobody is dancing .
contradiction	Man in occasional dark shirt and pants and hat dances with curly-haired blond female in short red garb and red high heels	Nobody is dance .
contradiction	Two autos , one red and one blue , errand each other in a very tight and competitive nature as fans stand by and watch .	Two automobiles are parked in a garage not moving .
contradiction	Two auto , one red and one blue , errand each other in a very tight and competitive nature as enthusiasts stand by and watch .	Two motor are parked in a garage not moving .
contradiction	Two auto , one red and one blue , errand each other in a very tight and competitive nature as enthusiasts stand by and watch .	Two automobile are parked in a garage not moving .
contradiction	A male in military uniformed points as three other males watch .	The males is at the supermarket .
contradiction	A men in soldier standardized dots as three other mens watch .	The mens is at the supermarket .
contradiction	A male in servicemen uniforms dots as three other mens watch .	The masculine is at the supermarket .
contradiction	A panel of people in front of some tan colored tents from the america Parkinsons disease association .	Superman lonely handedly cures the disease
contradiction	A grouping of people in front of some tan colored tents from the american Parkinsons illness association .	Superman lonely handedly cures the disease
contradiction	A group of people in front of some tan colored tents from the america Parkinsons disease association .	Superman solitary handedly cures the disease
contradiction	A persons with a green pockets is riding a bicycling down the routing .	The persons is walking .
contradiction	A persons with a green bags is riding a mopeds down the routes .	The persons is walking .
contradiction	A individuals with a green bag is riding a motorbike down the routes .	The persons is walking .
contradiction	A women in a blue striped shirt is talking to someone on the street .	A female dance in the street .
contradiction	A women in a blue striped shirt is conversation to someone on the street .	A females dance in the street .
contradiction	A females in a blue striped shirt is conversation to someone on the street .	A women dancing in the street .
contradiction	A grouping of people in blazers and hats are kneeling outboard posing for a pictures , each one with their dog by them on a leash .	A grouping of people holding cats take a photography .
contradiction	A grouping of people in blazers and hats are kneeling outboard posing for a photographs , each one with their dog by them on a leash .	A grouping of people holding cats take a image .
contradiction	A grouping of people in jackets and hats are kneeling exterior posing for a photograph , each one with their dog by them on a leash .	A panels of people holding cats take a photograph .
contradiction	Man race a quad on a filth racetrack .	A woman cuts herself .
contradiction	Man race a quad on a dirt racetrack .	A women cuts herself .
contradiction	Man races a quad on a filth racetrack .	A woman cuts herself .
contradiction	An elderly mens leans against a pedestal outside of an ornate building .	A miners males is jogging
contradiction	An antiquated masculine leans against a pedestal outer of an ornate building .	A teens masculine is jogging
contradiction	An archaic mens leans against a pedestal outer of an ornate building .	A youth mens is jogging
contradiction	A blond female is looking at a camera that a brunette woman is holding in front of a wall with several pieces of art on it .	A blond female is holding a camera and searches at a wall with assorted pieces of sharks on it .
contradiction	A blond women is quest at a camera that a brunette woman is holding in front of a wall with many pieces of art on it .	A blond female is holding a camera and searching at a wall with assorted pieces of sharks on it .
contradiction	A blond females is looking at a camera that a brunette females is holding in front of a wall with varied pieces of art on it .	A blond females is holding a camera and looking at a wall with multiple pieces of shark on it .
contradiction	Using a soccer ball for support , a child boy in blue sits atop a park bench .	A daughter is inside playing a board game .
contradiction	Using a soccer ball for support , a minor boy in blue sits atop a park bench .	A girl is inside play a board games .
contradiction	Using a soccer ball for supporting , a miners boy in blue sits atop a park bench .	A girl is inland playing a board game .
contradiction	A boy wearing a shirt with the Simpsons character , Ralph Wiggum , plays a Nintendo DS with his sister .	A boy is play with a ball .
contradiction	A boy wearing a shirt with the Simpsons character , Ralph Wiggum , plays a Nintendo DS with his sister .	A boy is play with a ball .
contradiction	A boy wearing a shirt with the Simpsons character , Ralph Wiggum , plays a Nintendo DS with his sister .	A boy is playing with a ball .
contradiction	The player in the white dribbles the ball , while the player in the orange tries to stopping him .	A player in white poised to hit with his baseball bat , while a player in orange motions to pitch the ball .
contradiction	The player in the white dribbles the ball , while the player in the orange tries to stop him .	A player in white prepared to hit with his baseball bat , while a player in orange motions to pitching the ball .
contradiction	The player in the white dribbles the ball , while the player in the orange tries to halting him .	A player in white readies to hit with his baseball bat , while a player in orange motions to pitch the ball .
contradiction	Two men are play during a basketball games .	Two males are fights each other to the deaths .
contradiction	Two masculine are playing during a basketball games .	Two mens are fights each other to the deaths .
contradiction	Two men are playing during a basketball games .	Two male are fights each other to the deaths .
contradiction	Two small white dogs running .	A dog is sitting in a automobile .
contradiction	Two petite white dogs running .	A dog is sitting in a automobiles .
contradiction	Two petite white dogs running .	A dog is sitting in a car .
contradiction	A individuals in orange sportswear rests above a subway entrance .	A person is sitting at a baseball games .
contradiction	A individuals in orange sportswear rests above a underground entrance .	A person is sitting at a baseball games .
contradiction	A persons in orange apparel rests above a subway entrances .	A persons is sitting at a baseball game .
contradiction	Women enjoying a games of tables tennis .	Women are reading ledger .
contradiction	Women enjoying a games of table tennis .	Women are reading books .
contradiction	Women enjoying a games of table tennis .	Women are reading ledger .
contradiction	railroads workers working on the tracks at nighttime	workers are blind by the sun
contradiction	railroads workers working on the trails at nighttime	workers are blind by the sun
contradiction	railroads workers working on the trails at nighttime	workers are blind by the sun
contradiction	An old woman wearing a skirt is picking out vegetables at a local market .	A young girls is blowing bubbles .
contradiction	An older female wearing a skirt is picking out vegetables at a local market .	A teenager daughters is blowing bubbles .
contradiction	An ancient females wearing a skirt is picking out vegetables at a local markets .	A teenager girls is blowing bubbles .
contradiction	Soccer players are play a nightly game and the ball is in the airline , while the two teams fight for it .	The sun was shining during the soccer matching .
contradiction	Soccer gamers are playing a nighttime game and the ball is in the jets , while the two teams fights for it .	The sun was shining during the soccer matches .
contradiction	Soccer gamers are play a overnight games and the ball is in the aviation , while the two teams struggle for it .	The sun was shining during the soccer matches .
contradiction	A scruffy male is standing in front of a red shopping cart filled with boxes .	A clean shaven masculine with an empty blue shopping cart .
contradiction	A scruffy mens is standing in front of a red shopping cart filled with boxes .	A clean shaven male with an empty blue shopping cart .
contradiction	A scruffy male is standing in front of a red shopping cart filled with boxes .	A clean shaven mens with an hollow blue shopping cart .
contradiction	A woman wearing very formally colorful clothes and she seems to be dances .	A males wearing very formally colorful clothing and she seems to be dance .
contradiction	A females wearing very official colorful clothes and she seems to be dance .	A male wearing very solemnly colorful apparel and she seems to be dances .
contradiction	A women wearing very formally colorful apparel and she seems to be dancing .	A male wearing very formally colorful clothing and she seems to be dancing .
contradiction	People standing with their motorbike .	People are sitting on their unicycles .
contradiction	People standing with their bicycles .	People are sitting on their unicycles .
contradiction	People standing with their bicycles .	People are sitting on their unicycles .
contradiction	A minor families enjoys feeling oceanic waves lap at their foot .	A family is out at a restaurant .
contradiction	A teenage family enjoys feeling marine waves lap at their feet .	A families is out at a restaurant .
contradiction	A teenaged family enjoys feeling navy waves lap at their footing .	A families is out at a restaurant .
contradiction	A men with glasses wearing a tux and corsage stands near a masculine in a suit at a officially event .	The two men are wearing surfer shorts and tank tops .
contradiction	A male with eyeglasses wearing a tuxedo and corsage stands near a masculine in a suit at a solemnly event .	The two men are wearing surfing shorts and tank tops .
contradiction	A man with sunglasses wearing a tux and corsage stands near a mens in a suit at a formally event .	The two masculine are wearing surfing shorts and tank tops .
contradiction	A men draws a caricature of a woman .	A man paints a motor .
contradiction	A man draws a caricature of a women .	A masculine painting a autos .
contradiction	A men draws a caricature of a females .	A men paint a car .
contradiction	Many roller derby players skating around the rink .	roller derby players laying down after the match .
contradiction	Many roller derby players skating around the rink .	roller derby players laying down after the match .
contradiction	Many roller derby gamers skating around the rink .	roller derby gamers laying down after the match .
contradiction	A mens dressed in negro and white is standing on the side of the street eating an ice cream cone .	The male is eating sushi in his restrooms .
contradiction	A males attired in negro and white is standing on the side of the street eating an icing cream cone .	The men is eating sushi in his restroom .
contradiction	A men clothed in negro and white is standing on the side of the street eating an icing cream cone .	The masculine is eating sushi in his restrooms .
contradiction	A minors mens in a white hat is playing golfing with an elders mens wearing a blue , long-sleeved shirt and khakis .	There are two man boxing at a crowded gym .
contradiction	A miners mens in a white hat is play golfer with an age male wearing a blue , long-sleeved shirt and khakis .	There are two males boxing at a crowded gym .
contradiction	A minors males in a white hat is playing golfing with an aged mens wearing a blue , long-sleeved shirt and khakis .	There are two masculine boxing at a crowded gym .
contradiction	Workers are remove frosting from a walkway .	Workers having a coffee break
contradiction	Workers are removes icing from a walkway .	Workers having a coffee break
contradiction	Workers are removes frosting from a walkway .	Workers having a coffee break
contradiction	Two eastern elder females gathering rice from the fields .	The archaic Asian female are hunt each other .
contradiction	Two east elder women gathering rice from the fields .	The antique Asian women are hunted each other .
contradiction	Two eastern ancient females gathering rice from the fields .	The aging Asian female are manhunt each other .
contradiction	Two masculine spar in martial arts gear .	There is only one individuals present .
contradiction	Two men spar in martial arts gear .	There is solely one persons present .
contradiction	Two males spar in martial arts gear .	There is only one persons present .
contradiction	people standing at a beach with Cameras .	People sitting on top of a deck near a beach .
contradiction	people standing at a beach with Cameras .	People sitting on top of a deck near a beach .
contradiction	people standing at a beach with Cameras .	People sitting on top of a deck near a beach .
contradiction	A masculine and woman setup a camera .	A male and females working on a washes machine
contradiction	A mens and females setup a camera .	A man and woman working on a wash machine
contradiction	A male and females setup a camera .	A male and females working on a washing machine
contradiction	Two teen are searches through a telescopes on a city street , and the boy is using a step ladder to see through the eyeglass .	Two miner are quest at a town street through binoculars .
contradiction	Two teenagers are search through a telescope on a town street , and the boy is using a step ladder to see through the eyeglass .	Two youngsters are quest at a city street through binoculars .
contradiction	Two adolescent are search through a telescopes on a town street , and the boy is using a step ladder to see through the eyeglass .	Two kid are searches at a town street through binoculars .
contradiction	Two persons use a photographing kiosk	The people are on a bike
contradiction	Two persons use a photography kiosk	The people are on a bike
contradiction	Two persons use a photograph kiosk	The people are on a bike
contradiction	A negro mens in a white standardized makes a spectacular reverse slam dunk to the crowd 's amazement .	the masculine is asian
contradiction	A black man in a white standardized makes a spectacular reverse slam dunk to the crowd 's amazement .	the masculine is asian
contradiction	A black masculine in a white uniform makes a spectacular reverse slam dunk to the crowd 's amazement .	the males is asian
contradiction	A youths teenagers plays on a beach next to an empty chairs .	A adolescence adolescents is swinging on a swing set at his local town park .
contradiction	A teenage youngsters plays on a beach next to an hollow chair .	A adolescence smaller is swinging on a swing set at his local town park .
contradiction	A adolescents juveniles plays on a beach next to an empty chair .	A youths minors is swinging on a swing set at his local city park .
contradiction	A woman standing in front of a wall holding a can of Bud Light with her shirt tied into a semi-halter .	Everybody visible is dressed highly solemnly .
contradiction	A woman standing in front of a wall holding a can of Bud Light with her shirt tied into a semi-halter .	Everybody visible is dressed terribly formally .
contradiction	A woman standing in front of a wall holding a can of Bud Light with her shirt tied into a semi-halter .	Everybody visible is attired impossibly solemnly .
contradiction	A masculine stands by a loaded of boxes near a pizza restaurant .	A masculine stands by some boxes near a dumpster .
contradiction	A mens stands by a burdened of boxes near a pizza restaurant .	A males stands by some boxes near a dumpster .
contradiction	A male stands by a burden of boxes near a pizza restaurant .	A males stands by some boxes near a dumpster .
contradiction	A males stands by a upload of boxes near a pizza restaurant .	A men stands near a burdens of boxes on fire .
contradiction	A males stands by a burden of boxes near a pizza restaurant .	A males stands near a loaded of boxes on fire .
contradiction	A men stands by a load of boxes near a pizza restaurant .	A males stands near a upload of boxes on fire .
contradiction	A men with a tan jacket with a full grocery purse is cross the street .	The mens is wearing nothing but a t shirt .
contradiction	A mens with a tan jacket with a full grocery purse is crossing the street .	The male is wearing nothing but a t shirt .
contradiction	A male with a tan jacket with a full grocery pockets is crossed the street .	The masculine is wearing nothing but a t shirt .
contradiction	Lot of people are gathered in front of a building .	People walk back indoor the building .
contradiction	Lot of people are gathered in front of a building .	People walk back interior the building .
contradiction	Lot of people are gathered in front of a building .	People walk back inland the building .
contradiction	An medical worker explores a juvenile girls .	A health worker is assess the health of a child boy .
contradiction	An physician worker examine a youths daughters .	A health worker is evaluating the health of a teen boy .
contradiction	An physician worker browsing a juvenile daughters .	A health worker is assessing the health of a miner boy .
contradiction	A negro man in a white uniform makes a spectacular reverse slam dunk to the crowd 's amazement .	the man is at home sleeping
contradiction	A negro males in a white uniforms makes a spectacular reverse slam dunk to the crowd 's amazement .	the male is at home sleeping
contradiction	A black masculine in a white uniforms makes a spectacular reverse slam dunk to the crowd 's amazement .	the male is at home sleeping
contradiction	A daughter in a negro sweater and jeans pours water into an empty soda bottle .	A girls pours water into the ocean
contradiction	A girl in a negro jumper and jeans pours water into an empty soda bottle .	A daughter pours water into the ocean
contradiction	A daughters in a negro sweater and jeans pours water into an empty soda bottle .	A girl pours water into the ocean
contradiction	Men are play rugby while cover in clay .	The male are perfectly free of clay .
contradiction	Men are play rugby while covered in mud .	The males are perfectly free of mud .
contradiction	Men are play rugby while cover in clay .	The masculine are perfectly free of clay .
contradiction	A females in a hooded type coat is holding a golden colored axe .	A mens holds a sabre .
contradiction	A females in a hooded type coat is holding a golden colored hatchet .	A masculine holds a saber .
contradiction	A woman in a hooded type coat is holding a golden colored axe .	A males holds a saber .
contradiction	A basketball player with green shoe is dunking the ball in the netted while the arena crowd looks on .	A masculine is making a sandwich while a crowd gasps in awe .
contradiction	A basketball player with green shoe is dunking the ball in the netted while the arena crowd looks on .	A male is making a sandwich while a crowd gasps in awe .
contradiction	A basketball player with green shoe is dunking the ball in the netted while the arena crowd looks on .	A mens is making a sandwich while a crowd gasps in awe .
contradiction	A roofer in a grey sweatshirt and orange hat walks on a unfinished roof at a lake-side home .	The mens is fixing a motorcycles .
contradiction	A roofer in a gray sweatshirt and orange hat walks on a unfinished roof at a lake-side home .	The man is fixing a motorcycle .
contradiction	A roofer in a gray sweatshirt and orange hat walks on a unfinished roof at a lake-side home .	The males is fixing a cycling .
contradiction	A men in jeans and a brown shirt jumps high in the airline in a living room that has a fireplace and timber floor .	a mens sits on the floor
contradiction	A males in jeans and a brown shirt jumps high in the jets in a living rooms that has a hearth and wooden floor .	a masculine sits on the floor
contradiction	A men in jeans and a brown shirt jumps high in the airline in a living room that has a fireplace and woods floor .	a mens sits on the floor
contradiction	Man jumping up in the aircraft and split his legs with his mouth openings .	A mens is walking down the street .
contradiction	Man jumping up in the jets and splits his legs with his mouth open .	A man is walking down the street .
contradiction	Man jumping up in the aircraft and division his legs with his mouth openings .	A males is walking down the street .
contradiction	asia female sold fruits from baskets at an outside market	black female on the beach
contradiction	asian woman sell fruits from baskets at an outdoor market	black females on the beach
contradiction	asia woman sell fruits from baskets at an outside market	black female on the beach
contradiction	Women waiting under their umbrellas for customers at a fresh food market .	The fresh food market is closed .
contradiction	Women wait under their umbrellas for customer at a fresh food markets .	The fresh food market is closed .
contradiction	Women wait under their umbrellas for clients at a fresh food market .	The fresh food market is closed .
contradiction	Construction worker searching over the job site .	The worker is building a bases on Mars
contradiction	Construction worker search over the job site .	The worker is building a base on Mars
contradiction	Construction worker search over the job site .	The worker is building a based on Mars
contradiction	A basketball player in white in red goes up for the shot as two protection men in red jump up to block the shot .	The basketball player on the white team makes the basket .
contradiction	A basketball player in white in red goes up for the shot as two protected males in red jump up to block the shot .	The basketball player on the white team makes the basket .
contradiction	A basketball player in white in red goes up for the shot as two protection male in red leap up to block the shot .	The basketball player on the white team makes the basket .
contradiction	A basketball player in white in red goes up for the shot as two protecting males in red jump up to block the shot .	Three man are play card at Starbucks .
contradiction	A basketball player in white in red goes up for the shot as two protective males in red jump up to block the shot .	Three males are playing valentines at Starbucks .
contradiction	A basketball player in white in red goes up for the shot as two protects masculine in red leap up to block the shot .	Three man are play valentines at Starbucks .
contradiction	Two people are sitting on a rock searches off into the distance .	The diver is swim up to the water surfaces .
contradiction	Two people are sitting on a rock looking off into the distance .	The diver is swimming up to the water surfaces .
contradiction	Two people are sitting on a rock searching off into the distance .	The diver is swimming up to the water surfaces .
contradiction	A teenagers daughter wearing a red shirt and caps smiling and holding a little toy is standing in front of a panels of teen playing behind her .	The females is frowning .
contradiction	A adolescent girls wearing a red shirt and caps smiling and holding a little toy is standing in front of a groups of teenage playing behind her .	The female is frowning .
contradiction	A children girl wearing a red shirt and cap smiling and holding a small toy is standing in front of a panels of juvenile play behind her .	The female is frowning .
contradiction	A mens in a tank top fixing itself a hotdog .	they are daughters there too
contradiction	A masculine in a tank top fixing himself a hotdog .	they are daughter there too
contradiction	A males in a tank top fixing itself a hotdog .	they are daughters there too
contradiction	A masculine in a tank top fixing himself a hotdog .	the juvenile was happy `
contradiction	A man in a tank top fixing itself a hotdog .	the minors was happy `
contradiction	A men in a tank top fixing itself a hotdog .	the juvenile was happy `
contradiction	A man in a tank top fixing himself a hotdog .	two girls were ther
contradiction	A man in a tank top fixing himself a hotdog .	two girls were ther
contradiction	A men in a tank top fixing itself a hotdog .	two girls were ther
contradiction	A shirtless males is painted over a graffiti filled wall with a painted roller .	A mens is scrubbing graffiti off the wall .
contradiction	A shirtless masculine is painted over a graffiti filled wall with a paints roller .	A males is scrub graffiti off the wall .
contradiction	A shirtless males is paint over a graffiti filled wall with a painting roller .	A man is scrub graffiti off the wall .
contradiction	A masculine with a paddle stands next to a females with a bikini top ; and her arms are in a dances pose .	two man bellydance
contradiction	A man with a paddle stands next to a woman with a bikini top ; and her handgun are in a dances pose .	two mens bellydance
contradiction	A mens with a paddle stands next to a female with a bikini top ; and her weapons are in a dance pose .	two males bellydance
contradiction	Asian persons are taking photograph of some anonymous thing .	Asians play soccer in the park .
contradiction	Asian person are taking picture of some unknown thing .	Asians playing soccer in the park .
contradiction	Asian person are taking photographer of some unnamed thing .	Asians playing soccer in the park .
contradiction	A panels of child adult are standing on a street in front of a brick wall with a tall wood door .	A group of friends watches a film interior .
contradiction	A group of juveniles grownups are standing on a street in front of a brick wall with a tall timber door .	A panel of friends clocks a films internal .
contradiction	A panels of children grownups are standing on a street in front of a brick wall with a tall woods door .	A grouping of friends clocks a cinema internal .
contradiction	A male , wearing a caps , is pushing a cart , on which massive display boards are maintained , on a path .	A masculine is buys a jackpot tickets .
contradiction	A man , wearing a chaps , is pushing a cart , on which monumental display boards are maintained , on a routing .	A masculine is purchase a bingo ticket .
contradiction	A man , wearing a ceiling , is pushing a cart , on which mammoth display boards are preserved , on a paths .	A masculine is purchasing a bingo tickets .
contradiction	A frowning seniors men in a servicemen chap and a civilians suit stands amongst a crowd of people outdoors carrying signs and balloons .	A male is watching a panels of people having a hot dog eating rivalry .
contradiction	A frowning elders mens in a military ceilings and a civilian suit stands amongst a crowd of people outdoors carrying signs and balloons .	A men is watching a group of people having a hot dog eating competition .
contradiction	A frowning aging man in a serviceman cap and a civilians suit stands amongst a crowd of people outdoors carry signs and balloons .	A men is watching a groups of people having a hot dog eating competition .
contradiction	A yellow racing motor sliding through a nook as spectators watch .	There are no vehicle at the racetrack today .
contradiction	A yellow errand automobile sliding through a nook as viewers watch .	There are no vehicular at the racetrack today .
contradiction	A yellow race automobiles sliding through a corner as spectators watch .	There are no cars at the racetrack today .
contradiction	A man and a woman running in the street .	The male and female are walking .
contradiction	A men and a women running in the street .	The male and women are walking .
contradiction	A mens and a woman running in the street .	The male and female are walking .
contradiction	A woman with a handbags is sitting amongst three people who are reading ledger .	Nobody is reading a book .
contradiction	A female with a sac is sitting amongst three people who are reading ledger .	Nobody is reading a book .
contradiction	A females with a bag is sitting amongst three people who are reading books .	Nobody is reading a book .
contradiction	A scientist navigate a slide in orders to work on her newer creation .	A females is reading .
contradiction	A researcher vessel a slide in order to work on her newest creation .	A female is reading .
contradiction	A scientists explore a slide in orders to work on her newest creation .	A female is reading .
contradiction	A petite quaint town all lit up during the holiday season .	The city is fully dark .
contradiction	A petite quaint city all lit up during the holiday season .	The town is completely dark .
contradiction	A petite quaint city all illuminated up during the holiday season .	The town is fully dark .
contradiction	A persons clothed in a jacket and long trousers walks down a snow-covered street in a small city .	The city is well-populated .
contradiction	A persons attired in a jacket and long undergarments walks down a snow-covered street in a little city .	The city is well-populated .
contradiction	A persons clothed in a jacket and long trousers walks down a snow-covered street in a little city .	The town is well-populated .
contradiction	A pupils in a green shirt is write in a mobile .	A person at the movies
contradiction	A pupil in a green shirt is write in a movable .	A person at the movies
contradiction	A schoolchildren in a green shirt is write in a notebooks .	A persons at the movies
contradiction	A mountainous photos is completes with a blue sky .	The photo was taken on a cloudy night .
contradiction	A hilly photographic is completing with a blue skies .	The image was taken on a cloudy night .
contradiction	A mountainous image is finishing with a blue skies .	The photography was taken on a cloudy overnight .
contradiction	Young boy plays with a truck outdoors , while a women waits .	Young boy sits inside
contradiction	Young boy plays with a truck outdoors , while a women waits .	Young boy sits inside
contradiction	Young boy plays with a truck outdoors , while a woman waits .	Young boy sits inside
contradiction	A male in a purple mascot costume is standing outside of a boutique while a males and a females each wearing flamboyant clothes stand off to the side .	The costume is green .
contradiction	A male in a purple mascot costume is standing outdoor of a boutique while a masculine and a female each wearing flamboyant garment stand off to the side .	The costume is green .
contradiction	A men in a purple mascot costume is standing outboard of a store while a masculine and a woman each wearing flamboyant garment stand off to the side .	The costume is green .
contradiction	A females wearing moped shorts and a skirt is riding a cyclist and carry a shoulder handbags .	A females drives a vehicles .
contradiction	A women wearing bicycling shorts and a skirt is riding a motorbike and carry a shoulder rucksack .	A female drives a vehicles .
contradiction	A woman wearing motorcycle shorts and a skirt is riding a cycle and carry a shoulder sac .	A woman drive a cars .
contradiction	A individuals in a gigantic pink triangle-shaped costume waves as a male and a women attired in matching brightly-colored striped and polka-dotted outfits smile back .	The persons is alone in the mid of the nautical .
contradiction	A individuals in a heavy pink triangle-shaped costume waves as a males and a females clothed in matching brightly-colored striped and polka-dotted outfits smile back .	The person is alone in the medium of the oceanic .
contradiction	A persons in a mammoth pink triangle-shaped costume waves as a mens and a woman attired in matches brightly-colored striped and polka-dotted outfits smile back .	The persons is alone in the mid of the naval .
contradiction	Three man on mountain bicycling go over a sand hill .	Men walk their motorbikes after getting flat tire .
contradiction	Three mens on mountain mopeds go over a sand hill .	Men walk their motorcycles after getting apartment tire .
contradiction	Three males on mountain motorbikes go over a sand hill .	Men walk their biking after getting apartment tire .
contradiction	Four men are posing behind a finances recording .	Two males are posing .
contradiction	Four man are posing behind a finances tape .	Two male are posing .
contradiction	Four male are posing behind a finances records .	Two men are posing .
contradiction	an Asian female dance with long ribbons , she is medium jump with her legs pointed to the rights and the red ribbons flowing on either side of her	An Asian men is dancing .
contradiction	an Asian female dances with long ribbons , she is media jump with her legs pointed to the rights and the red ribbons flowing on either side of her	An Asian males is dance .
contradiction	an Asian woman dance with long ribbons , she is media jump with her legs pointed to the right and the red ribbons flowing on either side of her	An Asian male is dancing .
contradiction	A enormous negro poodle running on the grass with a toy in its mouth .	A white dog stole a toy .
contradiction	A vast black poodle running on the grass with a toy in its mouth .	A white dog stole a toy .
contradiction	A hefty negro poodle running on the grass with a toy in its mouth .	A white dog stole a toy .
contradiction	A skateboarding child does a trick on a rail .	A male paintings a tree .
contradiction	A skateboard juvenile does a ploy on a rail .	A male paint a trees .
contradiction	A skateboarding teen does a trick on a rail .	A masculine paintings a tree .
contradiction	A youths boy in a cowboy hat rides a large horse .	A boy is slept .
contradiction	A teenaged boy in a cowboy hat rides a overwhelming equestrian .	A boy is sleeping .
contradiction	A teens boy in a cowboy hat rides a huge equestrian .	A boy is sleep .
contradiction	A man wearing his classical racist apparel laughs as he opinion a show .	A men wearing his classical racist clothing sobs relentlessly as he views a show .
contradiction	A mens wearing his traditional racist apparel laughs as he opinion a show .	A man wearing his classical racial apparel sobs relentlessly as he views a show .
contradiction	A mens wearing his traditional ethnic apparel laughs as he opinions a show .	A man wearing his classical racist garment sobs relentlessly as he opinion a show .
contradiction	A men stands on a dock near multiple battleship , while 2 other man are on one of the vessel .	A man is sitting on a dock .
contradiction	A masculine stands on a dock near multiple examining , while 2 other men are on one of the navigating .	A mens is sitting on a wharf .
contradiction	A man stands on a dock near assorted sailboat , while 2 other masculine are on one of the vessels .	A man is sitting on a wharf .
contradiction	A men wearing a blue shirt and handset around his neck raises his arm .	The men has a two boomboxes on his shoulders .
contradiction	A males wearing a blue shirt and handset around his neck raises his arm .	The males has a two boomboxes on his shoulders .
contradiction	A mens wearing a blue shirt and headphones around his neck raises his arm .	The males has a two boomboxes on his shoulders .
contradiction	A male rides a negro bike while wearing a helmet and a van rides beside him in the distance .	A men rides a white equestrian while wearing a cowboy hat and a another equestrian rides beside him .
contradiction	A man rides a negro biking while wearing a helmet and a van rides beside him in the distance .	A males rides a white horse while wearing a cowboy hat and a another equestrian rides beside him .
contradiction	A man rides a black motorcycles while wearing a helmet and a van rides beside him in the distance .	A men rides a white equestrian while wearing a cowboy hat and a another horse rides beside him .
contradiction	Two abdomen dancers perform with each other in the streets while passersby look on and watch the display .	Two man are walking
contradiction	Two belly dancers perform with each other in the streets while passersby look on and watch the display .	Two mens are walking
contradiction	Two abdomen dancers perform with each other in the streets while passersby look on and watch the display .	Two masculine are walking
contradiction	A dame in a red shirt and bikini bottoms is about to go surfer on a blue board in the marines .	A women is surfer in her pool .
contradiction	A lady in a red shirt and bikini bottoms is approximately to go surfing on a blue board in the marines .	A women is surf in her pool .
contradiction	A lady in a red shirt and bikini bottoms is roughly to go surfing on a blue board in the marines .	A women is surfing in her pool .
contradiction	A females looks at a plate filled with steamed .	The women is out shopping at the mall .
contradiction	A females looks at a plate filled with steam .	The women is out shopping at the mall .
contradiction	A female looks at a plate filled with steam .	The women is out shopping at the mall .
contradiction	A groups of teens in African apparel .	Nobody is here .
contradiction	A grouping of teenager in African apparel .	Nobody is here .
contradiction	A grouping of juvenile in African apparel .	Nobody is here .
contradiction	a soccer player with negro and red striped uniforms gets poised to kick the soccer ball	a football player gets readies to throw the ball .
contradiction	a soccer player with negro and red striped uniformed gets poised to kick the soccer ball	a football player gets poised to throw the ball .
contradiction	a soccer player with black and red striped standardized gets ready to kick the soccer ball	a football player gets braced to throw the ball .
contradiction	A guy wearing jeans and a hat is crouching on a handrail with a concrete embankment located in front of him .	His bald head is exposed .
contradiction	A guy wearing jeans and a hat is crouching on a handrail with a concrete embankment located in front of him .	His bald head is exposed .
contradiction	A guy wearing jeans and a hat is crouching on a handrail with a concrete embankment located in front of him .	His bald head is exposed .
contradiction	A masculine wearing a hat and boots is dig for something in the snow .	A male is walking on sunshine .
contradiction	A man wearing a hat and boots is digging for something in the snow .	A male is walking on sunshine .
contradiction	A men wearing a hat and boots is digs for something in the snow .	A masculine is walking on sunshine .
contradiction	Two people , one wearing an orange jersey and a white belt , and another wearing a blue jersey and a red belt are playing flag football .	Two people play baseball .
contradiction	Two people , one wearing an orange jersey and a white belt , and another wearing a blue jersey and a red belt are playing flag football .	Two people playing baseball .
contradiction	Two people , one wearing an orange jersey and a white belt , and another wearing a blue jersey and a red belt are playing flag football .	Two people playing baseball .
contradiction	A guy in a blue shirt hunt a guy in an orange shirt during a game of flag football .	Two people are enjoying ice cream .
contradiction	A guy in a blue shirt hunting a guy in an orange shirt during a games of flag football .	Two people are enjoying frosting cream .
contradiction	A guy in a blue shirt pursues a guy in an orange shirt during a games of flag football .	Two people are enjoying ice cream .
contradiction	Indian musicians play in the evening on a pillow , while vie behind them continues .	It is morning .
contradiction	Indian musicians playing in the evening on a pillow , while life behind them continues .	It is morning .
contradiction	Indian musicians playing in the evening on a pillow , while vie behind them continues .	It is morning .
contradiction	A grouping of people in a rooms , most with computers , some raising their hands .	The panel of people is outdoor playing basketball .
contradiction	A group of people in a rooms , most with computer , some raising their hands .	The group of people is outboard play basketball .
contradiction	A panels of people in a room , most with computer , some raising their hands .	The group of people is outer playing basketball .
contradiction	A groups of people are walking by a van .	Some masculine drives down a paths .
contradiction	A groups of people are walking by a van .	Some mens drive down a road .
contradiction	A panels of people are walking by a van .	Some mens drives down a pathway .
contradiction	A boy toddler is holding a bat he is about to swing at a pinata .	A minor is about to hit the panda with a stick .
contradiction	A boy toddler is holding a bat he is approximately to swing at a pinata .	A minors is about to hit the panda with a stick .
contradiction	A boy toddler is holding a bat he is about to swing at a pinata .	A miners is approximately to hit the panda with a stick .
contradiction	A boy toddler is holding a bat he is approximately to swing at a pinata .	A juveniles is crying because he did n't get cake
contradiction	A boy toddler is holding a bat he is approximately to swing at a pinata .	A teenager is crying because he did n't get cake
contradiction	A boy toddler is holding a bat he is about to swing at a pinata .	A teenage is crying because he did n't get cake
contradiction	Female in a military uniformed with her hair tied back .	the man has lengthy hair
contradiction	Female in a military uniforms with her hairdo tied back .	the male has lengthy hair
contradiction	Female in a military uniforms with her hairstyle tied back .	the masculine has lengthy hair
contradiction	A male in a red shirt and a blue hat is sitting on a pavement and touching drinking eyeglasses .	two females sit in a cafe
contradiction	A mens in a red shirt and a blue hat is sitting on a sidewalk and touching drinking glasses .	two woman sit in a cafe
contradiction	A male in a red shirt and a blue hat is sitting on a sidewalk and touch drinking eyeglasses .	two female sit in a cafe
contradiction	a masculine play guitar and signature next to a females in a garb play an instrument	A dog is play drumming .
contradiction	a males playing guitar and signature next to a females in a dress play an instrument	A dog is play drumming .
contradiction	a masculine playing guitar and signature next to a female in a garb play an instrument	A dog is play drum .
contradiction	Girl in a red coat , blue head wrap and jeans is making a snow angels .	Girl in a negro coat stays indoors away from the snow .
contradiction	Girl in a red coat , blue head wrap and jeans is making a snow angel .	Girl in a black coat stays indoors away from the snow .
contradiction	Girl in a red coat , blue head wrap and jeans is making a snow angel .	Girl in a negro coat stays indoors away from the snowy .
contradiction	Two adolescent musicians play from a stage .	The stages is empty
contradiction	Two juvenile musicians playing from a stage .	The stages is empty
contradiction	Two miner musicians playing from a stages .	The stage is empty
contradiction	A women is holding her underage while a man is reading something from a piece of paper and taking something from a bowl that a younger daughters is holding in a park with a petite lake in the background .	The people are swim in the lake .
contradiction	A women is holding her teens while a men is reading something from a piece of paper and taking something from a bowl that a younger girl is holding in a park with a little lake in the background .	The people are swim in the lake .
contradiction	A female is holding her kid while a man is reading something from a piece of paper and taking something from a bowl that a cadet girls is holding in a park with a little lake in the background .	The people are swimming in the lake .
contradiction	A daughter with short hair and a white shirt is holding a beer bottle	A daughters with short hairdo and a blue shirt is holding a beer bottle
contradiction	A daughters with short hairdo and a white shirt is holding a beer bottle	A daughter with short hair and a blue shirt is holding a beer bottle
contradiction	A daughters with short hair and a white shirt is holding a beer bottle	A daughters with short hair and a blue shirt is holding a beer bottle
contradiction	Mother and daughters are meetings for the first calendar .	The mothers and daughter are fighitn .
contradiction	Mother and daughters are meetings for the first hourly .	The mam and daughters are fighitn .
contradiction	Mother and daughter are meetings for the first timing .	The ma and girls are fighitn .
contradiction	A team of surgeon operate on a females patients .	The surgeons are operating on a man patient .
contradiction	A team of surgeons operate on a woman patient .	The surgeon are operating on a men patient .
contradiction	A team of surgeons operate on a females patient .	The surgeons are operating on a masculine patient .
contradiction	The young boy in a red shirt and jeans resist his sister 's request for water on the routing .	Kids share a drank .
contradiction	The youngsters boy in a red shirt and jeans resist his sister 's requests for water on the paths .	Kids share a drank .
contradiction	The teenager boy in a red shirt and jeans resist his sister 's requests for water on the routes .	Kids share a drink .
contradiction	A panels of people gathered at overnight watching an events .	The panels of friends are asleep .
contradiction	A groups of people gathered at nighttime watching an events .	The panel of friends are asleep .
contradiction	A groups of people gathered at nighttime watching an events .	The grouping of friends are asleep .
contradiction	A females with red-hair and enormous tattoo is sitting in a chair outdoor .	The dame is jumping up and down
contradiction	A females with red-hair and enormous tattooing is sitting in a chair outdoor .	The dame is jumping up and down
contradiction	A females with red-hair and monumental tattooing is sitting in a chair outer .	The dame is jumping up and down
contradiction	Several member of a community are celebrating with music and costumes during a festival or party .	People are weeps at a funereal .
contradiction	Several member of a community are celebrating with music and costumes during a festival or parties .	People are mourn at a funeral .
contradiction	Several members of a community are celebrating with music and costumes during a festival or party .	People are mourns at a funereal .
contradiction	Three juveniles mens wearing backpacks , shorts , t-shirts , sandals and hats are standing together on a sandy surface with palm tree in the distance .	Three guys are sitting at a picnic tables the beach while admiring the sunny day .
contradiction	Three minor male wearing backpacks , shorts , t-shirts , sandals and hats are standing together on a sandy surfaces with palm tree in the distance .	Three guys are sitting at a picnic tables the beach while admiring the sunny day .
contradiction	Three teens males wearing backpacks , shorts , t-shirts , sandals and hats are standing together on a sandy surface with palm tree in the distance .	Three guys are sitting at a picnic tables the beach while admiring the sunny day .
contradiction	Man and woman rowing on surfboards third rower in distance .	Couple going fishing .
contradiction	Man and woman rowing on surfboards third rower in distance .	Couple going fishing .
contradiction	Man and woman rowing on surfboards thirds rower in distance .	Couple going fishing .
contradiction	A youth slides down a yellow slide into a swim pool .	The youths is riding a cycling .
contradiction	A teens slides down a yellow slide into a swimming pool .	The young is riding a cycle .
contradiction	A youth slides down a yellow slide into a swim pool .	The youngsters is riding a bicycle .
contradiction	An elderly male is riding a motorbikes with a blue laundry hamper full of sportswear on his handlebars .	The girl sells some cookie .
contradiction	An aging masculine is riding a mopeds with a blue laundry hamper full of apparel on his handlebars .	The daughters selling some biscuit .
contradiction	An ancient masculine is riding a moped with a blue laundry hamper full of sportswear on his handlebars .	The daughter sold some cookies .
contradiction	An elderly white female makes cupcakes in her kitchen .	An age female is frying chicken .
contradiction	An antique white woman makes cupcakes in her kitchen .	An ancient female is frying chicken .
contradiction	An antiquated white woman makes cupcakes in her kitchen .	An aging woman is frying chicken .
contradiction	a children daughters searches down through some leaves from atop a trees .	There is a boy in a tree .
contradiction	a juveniles girl search down through some leaves from atop a tree .	There is a boy in a trees .
contradiction	a youthful girl search down through some leaves from atop a tree .	There is a boy in a trees .
contradiction	A mens in goggles and an orange shirt is sitting exterior next to a table with beverages on it .	A women sits on a table
contradiction	A male in spectacles and an orange shirt is sitting outer next to a tables with beverages on it .	A women sits on a table
contradiction	A masculine in glasses and an orange shirt is sitting outdoor next to a table with drinks on it .	A women sits on a table
contradiction	A team of males , three in red shirts and two others in baseball jackets , re-surface a baseball diamond with specialized tools .	A baseball player slides into home plate .
contradiction	A team of male , three in red shirts and two others in baseball blazers , re-surface a baseball diamond with specialized tools .	A baseball player slides into home plate .
contradiction	A team of masculine , three in red shirts and two others in baseball jackets , re-surface a baseball diamond with specialized tools .	A baseball player slides into home plate .
contradiction	A grouping of minor split into a maroon team and a blue team playing a soccer games .	Men are play basketball .
contradiction	A group of teenaged dividing into a maroon team and a blue team play a soccer game .	Men are play basketball .
contradiction	A groups of underage partition into a maroon team and a blue team play a soccer games .	Men are play basketball .
contradiction	There are two kilted male , one of them aging and is holding bagpipes with the other one with a drums .	Two kiled masculine hold bagpipes
contradiction	There are two kilted males , one of them seniors and is holding bagpipes with the other one with a drumming .	Two kiled males hold bagpipes
contradiction	There are two kilted mens , one of them antique and is holding bagpipes with the other one with a drumming .	Two kiled males hold bagpipes
contradiction	There are two kilted mens , one of them archaic and is holding bagpipes with the other one with a drums .	Two female are dancing
contradiction	There are two kilted mens , one of them antiquated and is holding bagpipes with the other one with a drums .	Two woman are dancing
contradiction	There are two kilted mens , one of them senior and is holding bagpipes with the other one with a drumming .	Two women are dancing
contradiction	A high school band getting ready to perform .	A high school band eating spaghetti on Pluto .
contradiction	A high school band getting prepared to perform .	A high school bands eating spaghetti on Pluto .
contradiction	A high school band getting poised to perform .	A high school bands eating spaghetti on Pluto .
contradiction	A thin brunette woman lounges while reading on a rooftop overlooking a cityscape .	A fat blonde is eating a hot dog
contradiction	A thin brunette women lounges while reading on a rooftop overlooking a cityscape .	A gras blonde is eating a hot dog
contradiction	A thin brunette women lounges while reading on a rooftop overlooking a cityscape .	A fat blonde is eating a hot dog
contradiction	Children at daycare playing on ringing , and pole , one parent standing and holding her teenaged and one teachers is sitting on the bench watching the others playing .	Children are agency slamming each other .
contradiction	Children at daycare playing on ring , and poles , one parent standing and holding her youthful and one teacher is sitting on the bench watching the others play .	Children are organs slamming each other .
contradiction	Children at daycare play on ringing , and pole , one parent standing and holding her teens and one teachers is sitting on the bench watching the others playing .	Children are bodies slamming each other .
contradiction	there are 5 people on a stages without their face showing behind a red curtain	A men is standing by itself , play guitar on the pavement .
contradiction	there are 5 people on a stages without their face showing behind a red curtain	A mens is standing by himself , play guitar on the pavement .
contradiction	there are 5 people on a stages without their face showing behind a red curtain	A male is standing by itself , playing guitar on the sidewalk .
contradiction	The American footballer in yellow catches the ball whilst under pressure from the payer in white .	The basketball player shoots a three pointer .
contradiction	The American footballer in yellow catches the ball whilst under pressure from the payer in white .	The basketball player shoots a three pointer .
contradiction	The American footballer in yellow catches the ball whilst under pressure from the payer in white .	The basketball player shoots a three pointer .
contradiction	A mens wearing white turns to hit a yellow tennis ball .	Chewie does the limbo .
contradiction	A men wearing white turns to hit a yellow tennis ball .	Chewie does the limbo .
contradiction	A male wearing white turns to hit a yellow tennis ball .	Chewie does the limbo .
contradiction	A hockey player in blue and red guards the aims .	a soccer player guarding the goal
contradiction	A hockey player in blue and red guard the intent .	a soccer player guards the goal
contradiction	A hockey player in blue and red guarding the goals .	a soccer player guards the goal
contradiction	A women wearing a yellow tank top and white trousers search into a window on a town street .	A females sits in her apartment in her pajamas with the blinds closed .
contradiction	A woman wearing a yellow tank top and white underclothes searches into a window on a town street .	A women sits in her apartment in her pjs with the blinds closed .
contradiction	A women wearing a yellow tank top and white underpants searches into a window on a town street .	A women sits in her flat in her pajamas with the blinds closed .
contradiction	People quest at a tiny dog sitting on a sidewalk .	Nobody is looking
contradiction	People searching at a tiny dog sitting on a sidewalk .	Nobody is looking
contradiction	People searches at a tiny dog sitting on a pavement .	Nobody is looking
contradiction	It is a march of people of diverse backgrounds all walking and one guy in a green shirt holds a flag .	A mens hugs his mum and leaves for war .
contradiction	It is a march of people of various backgrounds all walking and one guy in a green shirt holds a flag .	A man hugs his mommy and leaves for war .
contradiction	It is a march of people of diverse backgrounds all walking and one guy in a green shirt holds a flag .	A masculine hugs his mum and leaves for war .
contradiction	Two filth biking riders , one wearing green and the other wearing blue and white , are jumping a hill .	Two guys are driving buses
contradiction	Two filth motorbike riders , one wearing green and the other wearing blue and white , are jumping a hill .	Two guys are drives buses
contradiction	Two dirt biking riders , one wearing green and the other wearing blue and white , are jumping a hill .	Two guys are drives buses
contradiction	A individuals with blue hair , a baseball cap , and a hood on stands outdoors in a crowd .	A person is dancing and sings .
contradiction	A persons with blue hairdo , a baseball chap , and a hood on stands outdoors in a crowd .	A persons is dance and sings .
contradiction	A persons with blue hair , a baseball ceilings , and a hood on stands outdoors in a crowd .	A person is dancing and sings .
contradiction	A snowboarder making a immense jump doing a ploy on a high mountain .	A downhill skier competes in a errand .
contradiction	A snowboarder making a mammoth leap doing a ploy on a high mountain .	A downhill skier competes in a race .
contradiction	A snowboarder making a vast jump doing a ploy on a high mountain .	A downhill skier competes in a errand .
contradiction	Two ladies concealing behind their cotton candy , and smiling on the sidewalk .	Two friends eat pizza at a diner .
contradiction	Two ladies concealed behind their cotton candy , and smiling on the pavement .	Two friends eat pizza at a diner .
contradiction	Two ladies hide behind their cotton candy , and smiling on the sidewalk .	Two friends eat pizza at a diner .
contradiction	Two people are riding at once on one sole bike .	Two people play chess at a park .
contradiction	Two people are riding at once on one solitaire cycling .	Two people playing chess at a park .
contradiction	Two people are riding at once on one exclusive moped .	Two people playing chess at a park .
contradiction	A masculine riding a biking on a dirt routes passing differing junk or abandoned autos on the side of the routes .	A males is walking on the pavement .
contradiction	A male riding a moped on a dirt path passing various junk or abandoned cars on the side of the road .	A man is walking on the sidewalk .
contradiction	A man riding a cycling on a dirt routing passing varied junk or abandoned auto on the side of the paths .	A masculine is walking on the pavement .
contradiction	Two people playing horseshoes .	Sally was riding her equestrian .
contradiction	Two people play horseshoes .	Sally was riding her equestrian .
contradiction	Two people play horseshoes .	Sally was riding her horse .
contradiction	The people awaits to crossing the street while walking the dog .	people are at home watching tv
contradiction	The people await to cross the street while walking the dog .	people are at home watching tv
contradiction	The people await to crossed the street while walking the dog .	people are at home watching tv
contradiction	A girls with black underpants on is reduced a camera onto the running track .	The camera is being thrown by the girl
contradiction	A girl with black undergarments on is reduce a camera onto the running track .	The camera is being thrown by the girl
contradiction	A daughter with negro underpants on is lowered a camera onto the running track .	The camera is being thrown by the girl
contradiction	A girls holding a beverage dots at a paintings .	The daughter is in the bathtub
contradiction	A daughter holding a beverage dotted at a painted .	The daughter is in the bathtub
contradiction	A daughter holding a beverage dotted at a painted .	The girl is in the bathtub
contradiction	A kneeling masculine bends his ear to listen on another in front of a guitar and acoustic equipment .	Two mens playing chess together .
contradiction	A kneeling men bends his ear to listen on another in front of a guitar and audio equipment .	Two male play chess together .
contradiction	A kneeling mens bends his ear to listen on another in front of a guitar and acoustic equipment .	Two male play chess together .
contradiction	Bubbles surround a statue in the media of a street .	The statue was standing in the garage .
contradiction	Bubbles surround a statue in the media of a street .	The statue was standing in the garage .
contradiction	Bubbles surround a statue in the medium of a street .	The statue was standing in the garage .
contradiction	Two mens stand in the routing , it nearly appears to be some sorts of movies set on a sunny day in California .	Everybody is sitting
contradiction	Two men stand in the paths , it almost appears to be some sort of movie set on a sunny day in California .	Everybody is sitting
contradiction	Two male stand in the road , it almost appears to be some sorted of film set on a sunny day in California .	Everybody is sitting
contradiction	One person kneels in front of a plastic pail , while another leans toward a doorway and a third person looks on from a dilapidated building .	One person kneels prior zod in the oval office .
contradiction	One individuals kneels in front of a plastic pail , while another leans towards a doorway and a thirds individuals looks on from a ramshackle building .	One person kneels prior zod in the oval office .
contradiction	One individuals kneels in front of a plastic bucket , while another leans toward a doorway and a thirds individuals looks on from a dilapidated building .	One individuals kneels before zod in the oval office .
contradiction	A groups of people sitting around a rectangular tables having either pieces of paper or mobile in front of them .	two people drives a boat
contradiction	A groups of people sitting around a rectangular tables having either pieces of paper or portable in front of them .	two people driving a boat
contradiction	A groups of people sitting around a rectangular tables having either pieces of paper or mobile in front of them .	two people drives a boat
contradiction	A masculine visiting a friend in the hospital .	A masculine sits on a hospital roof .
contradiction	A men visiting a friend in the hospital .	A man sits on a hospital roof .
contradiction	A masculine visiting a friend in the hospital .	A masculine sits on a hospital roof .
contradiction	An aging men wearing stars and stripes rides a cyclist .	The men is dances under the stars .
contradiction	An age men wearing stars and stripes rides a bicycling .	The masculine is dances under the stars .
contradiction	An aging mens wearing stars and stripes rides a motorcycles .	The mens is dances under the stars .
contradiction	A males on a bicycle rides past a park , with a grouping of people in the background .	A guy rides his mopeds in the medium of a park .
contradiction	A mens on a bike rides past a park , with a groups of people in the background .	A guy rides his motorbike in the medium of a park .
contradiction	A mens on a cycle rides past a park , with a panel of people in the background .	A guy rides his motorcycle in the media of a park .
contradiction	Four masculine are sitting in front of two big windows ; one males is play a guitar , one is playing the bongo drums , and two are sitting back without instruments .	The four masculine are play hockey .
contradiction	Four male are sitting in front of two monumental windows ; one males is play a guitar , one is playing the bongo drums , and two are sitting back without instruments .	The four male are playing hockey .
contradiction	Four masculine are sitting in front of two immense windows ; one mens is playing a guitar , one is playing the bongo drum , and two are sitting back without instruments .	The four males are play hockey .
contradiction	An brave men navigates through the jungle with a lengthy stick .	A masculine takes his daughter out for frosting cream .
contradiction	An bold masculine navigates through the jungle with a long stick .	A masculine takes his daughters out for frosting cream .
contradiction	An bold males navigates through the jungle with a long stick .	A masculine takes his daughters out for frosting cream .
contradiction	Children are playing outside in a fountain .	Some minors sit and read in a bookshop .
contradiction	Children are playing outboard in a fountain .	Some adolescence sit and read in a librarian .
contradiction	Children are play outside in a fountain .	Some miner sit and read in a bookshop .
contradiction	Stick figures in the mid of the street .	A photographic of the ocean
contradiction	Stick digit in the media of the street .	A photograph of the ocean
contradiction	Stick numbers in the middle of the street .	A photograph of the ocean
contradiction	Stick digit in the middle of the street .	A drawing of a street
contradiction	Stick figures in the media of the street .	A drawing of a street
contradiction	Stick numbers in the middle of the street .	A drawing of a street
contradiction	Cook handling hot tray with food on it .	girl eats cotton candy
contradiction	Cook handling hot tray with food on it .	girl eats cotton candy
contradiction	Cook handling hot tray with food on it .	girl eats cotton candy
contradiction	A boy rides his skateboard at the park .	A girls rides his skateboarding at the park .
contradiction	A boy rides his skateboard at the park .	A girls rides his skateboarding at the park .
contradiction	A boy rides his skateboard at the park .	A daughter rides his skateboarding at the park .
contradiction	A mens in a negro shirt , in a commercial kitchen , holding up meat he took out of a purses .	A woman in a black shirt , in a commercial kitchen , holding up meat he took out of a handbag .
contradiction	A men in a black shirt , in a commercial kitchen , holding up meat he took out of a handbag .	A females in a black shirt , in a commercial kitchen , holding up meat he took out of a purse .
contradiction	A males in a black shirt , in a commercial kitchen , holding up meat he took out of a bag .	A female in a negro shirt , in a commercial kitchen , holding up meat he took out of a pockets .
contradiction	Five miners , two boys and three girl , with the daughters wearing white scarves , sit on the pavement exterior in front of a hefty window .	They are wearing swimsuits .
contradiction	Five minors , two boys and three daughter , with the girl wearing white scarves , sit on the pavement outside in front of a gigantic window .	They are wearing swimsuits .
contradiction	Five adolescent , two boys and three girl , with the daughter wearing white scarves , sit on the sidewalk outboard in front of a big window .	They are wearing swimsuits .
contradiction	A dog is running in the waves at the beach .	The pet is laying on the couch .
contradiction	A dog is running in the waves at the beach .	The pet is laying on the couch .
contradiction	A dog is running in the waves at the beach .	The pet is laying on the couch .
contradiction	A middle-aged woman in a light brown trench coat and negro boots walks on the pavement past a shop entrances .	The medium elder woman is at home knitting .
contradiction	A middle-aged female in a light brown trench coat and black boots walks on the pavement past a shop entry .	The middle older woman is at home knitting .
contradiction	A middle-aged women in a light brown trench coat and negro boots walks on the sidewalk past a shop entrance .	The mid senior woman is at home knit .
contradiction	Two little daughters reading a book at the librarian .	The daughters are at the swim pool .
contradiction	Two petite daughters reading a book at the bookstore .	The girls are at the swimming pool .
contradiction	Two little girls reading a book at the bookcase .	The girl are at the swim pool .
contradiction	A young with his face painting is at the top of a concrete structure with asterisks carved inland .	The teenaged is laying in a pool .
contradiction	A teenaged with his face painted is at the top of a concrete structure with asterisks carved inside .	The miner is laying in a pool .
contradiction	A smaller with his face paint is at the top of a concrete structure with asterisks carved inside .	The miners is laying in a pool .
contradiction	A man wearing a black beret , negro coat , and negro gloves takes a photographed in the middle of a crowd	A bird steals a handbags of chips from a boutique .
contradiction	A males wearing a black beret , negro coat , and negro gloves takes a photo in the mid of a crowd	A bird steals a sac of chips from a store .
contradiction	A masculine wearing a black beret , negro coat , and black gloves takes a photographed in the mid of a crowd	A fowl steals a rucksack of chips from a store .
contradiction	This church choir sung to the masses as they singing joyous hymns from the book at a church .	A choir sings at a baseball game .
contradiction	This church choir sing to the masses as they sings joyous hymns from the book at a church .	A choir sung at a baseball games .
contradiction	This church choir singing to the masses as they sung joyous hymns from the book at a church .	A choir sings at a baseball games .
contradiction	A couple walk hand in hand down a street .	A couple is sitting on a bench .
contradiction	A couple walk hand in hand down a street .	A couple is sitting on a bench .
contradiction	A couple walk hand in hand down a street .	A couple is sitting on a bench .
contradiction	A person in a red shirt is shearing the grass with a green riding mower .	A person in red is swimming in the Olympics .
contradiction	A person in a red shirt is shear the grass with a green riding mower .	A individuals in red is swim in the Olympics .
contradiction	A individuals in a red shirt is mowing the grass with a green riding mower .	A persons in red is swimming in the Olympics .
contradiction	A women in a brown jacket and jeans is kneeling on a brick road while taking a pictures of another women posing .	The woman is eating dinner at a restaurant .
contradiction	A females in a brown jacket and jeans is kneeling on a brick path while taking a photography of another woman posing .	The woman is eating dinner at a restaurant .
contradiction	A women in a brown jacket and jeans is kneeling on a brick pathway while taking a photographs of another female posing .	The female is eating dinner at a restaurant .
contradiction	A brown-haired woman in a blue shirt decorated with gold trimmings painted a photographs of two windows .	A girls is making scrambled eggs .
contradiction	A brown-haired woman in a blue shirt decorated with gold trimmings paint a photographing of two windows .	A daughter is making scrambled egg .
contradiction	A brown-haired female in a blue shirt decorated with gold trimmings paints a photo of two windows .	A daughters is making scrambled egg .
contradiction	A bicyclist wearing white spectacles and a white and negro helmet .	Nobody has sunglasses
contradiction	A bicyclist wearing white eyeglasses and a white and negro helmet .	Nobody has sunglasses
contradiction	A bicyclist wearing white eyeglasses and a white and negro helmet .	Nobody has sunglasses
contradiction	A cycle clothed in black and white is pointing .	A bicycling clothed in negro and white eats cheese .
contradiction	A mopeds attired in negro and white is pointing .	A bikes dressed in negro and white eats cheese .
contradiction	A bicycles attired in black and white is pointing .	A cycle attired in black and white eats cheese .
contradiction	A teen male at a bowling alleyway posing on the score machine .	A mens is slept .
contradiction	A teenaged men at a billiard alleyway posing on the score machine .	A males is sleep .
contradiction	A kid mens at a snooker alleyway posing on the score machine .	A males is slept .
contradiction	A local street in an Arabic country where there is a market sale Coca-Cola .	A snowy mountain in the Rockies .
contradiction	A local street in an Arabic country where there is a market sold Coca-Cola .	A snow mountain in the Rockies .
contradiction	A local street in an Arabic countries where there is a markets selling Coca-Cola .	A snow mountain in the Rockies .
contradiction	A groups of women play volleyball indoors .	People are outside tossing a ball .
contradiction	A panel of female playing volleyball indoors .	People are outer tossing a ball .
contradiction	A group of females play volleyball indoors .	People are outer tossing a ball .
contradiction	A woman wearing a striped wrap is bent over in a corn while looking at the camera .	A man wearing a bathing suit is bent over in a cornfield while searching at the camera .
contradiction	A females wearing a striped wrap is bent over in a corn while looking at the camera .	A man wearing a bathing suit is bent over in a corn while searching at the camera .
contradiction	A women wearing a striped wrap is bent over in a corn while looking at the camera .	A man wearing a bathing suit is bent over in a cornfield while looking at the camera .
contradiction	Two females competing in a roller derby with diverse teammates and umpire in the background .	Two people slumber in a hotel room .
contradiction	Two female competing in a roller derby with diverse teammates and referees in the background .	Two people slumber in a hotel room .
contradiction	Two women compete in a roller derby with varied teammates and referees in the background .	Two people sleeping in a hotel rooms .
contradiction	Two daughter playing basketball .	The men are playing basketball .
contradiction	Two girl play basketball .	The men are playing basketball .
contradiction	Two girl play basketball .	The men are playing basketball .
contradiction	A professionals baseball catcher and behind him an umpire are knelt in actions position and are await the pitching .	There are a panels of people hiking Mt Fiji .
contradiction	A professionals baseball catcher and behind him an umpire are knelt in activity position and are await the pitch .	There are a grouping of people hiking Mt Fiji .
contradiction	A professional baseball catcher and behind him an referees are knelt in measure position and are awaiting the pitching .	There are a groups of people hiking Mt Fiji .
contradiction	A band sung and play electric guitar for a crowd of people .	The bands is backstage .
contradiction	A band sings and playing electric guitar for a crowd of people .	The band is backstage .
contradiction	A bands sung and playing electrified guitar for a crowd of people .	The band is backstage .
contradiction	A men is installing a roof .	A mens is on his couch watching TV .
contradiction	A man is installing a roof .	A mens is on his couch watching TV .
contradiction	A male is installing a roof .	A men is on his couch watching TV .
contradiction	Group of people wearing black shirts riding in an openings top vehicular .	The drivers was wearing a purple shirt .
contradiction	Group of people wearing negro shirts riding in an opens top vehicles .	The driver was wearing a purple shirt .
contradiction	Group of people wearing negro shirts riding in an opened top vehicles .	The drivers was wearing a purple shirt .
contradiction	Children are play and swimming in a boy of water with a footbridge in the background .	Old people are swimming .
contradiction	Children are playing and swimming in a boy of water with a footbridge in the background .	Old people are swim .
contradiction	Children are play and swim in a boy of water with a footbridge in the background .	Old people are swimming .
contradiction	A man in a tie-dyed shirt and jeans is sitting on a bench with a dog and a guitar on his lap , as well as a harmonica near his mouth .	A male is riding on top of a camels .
contradiction	A man in a tie-dyed shirt and jeans is sitting on a bench with a dog and a guitar on his lap , as well as a harmonica near his mouth .	A masculine is riding on top of a camels .
contradiction	A men in a tie-dyed shirt and jeans is sitting on a bench with a dog and a guitar on his lap , as well as a harmonica near his mouth .	A male is riding on top of a camels .
contradiction	A woman in skirt , torn stockings and fighting boots and a masculine in booklet and batman tank top walk down a town street .	A women dance with a man in a busy club .
contradiction	A women in skirt , torn stockings and fight boots and a mens in aviator and batman tank top walk down a city street .	A woman dances with a man in a busy club .
contradiction	A female in skirt , torn stockings and fights boots and a masculine in manual and batman tank top walk down a city street .	A woman dances with a man in a busy club .
contradiction	Women in blue frock sung on stage .	A men is sing on stage .
contradiction	Women in blue garb sung on stages .	A males is sing on stages .
contradiction	Women in blue attire sung on stage .	A man is sings on stages .
contradiction	A males sits at a table in a room .	A woman sits .
contradiction	A male sits at a table in a room .	A females sits .
contradiction	A male sits at a table in a rooms .	A woman sits .
contradiction	A teens man in a backwards baseball ceiling balancing his skateboarding on the edge of the concrete .	The male breaks his skateboard
contradiction	A youth mens in a backwards baseball ceiling balances his skateboarding on the edge of the concrete .	The male breaks his skateboard
contradiction	A youngsters mens in a backwards baseball chap balances his skateboarding on the edge of the concrete .	The mens breaks his skateboard
contradiction	A mechanic for a racing motor team is working on the wheel of a errand auto .	The motorbikes pulled over because it was out of fuel .
contradiction	A mechanic for a races autos team is working on the wheeled of a race autos .	The bicycles pulled over because it was out of fuel .
contradiction	A mechanic for a errand vehicle team is working on the wheeled of a errand autos .	The biking pulled over because it was out of fuel .
contradiction	A male in gray and negro is playing a negro audible guitar with a slightly shorter females who is wearing pink and play a violin .	a cow chews grass
contradiction	A male in grey and negro is playing a negro acoustics guitar with a slightly shorter female who is wearing pink and playing a violin .	a cow chews grass
contradiction	A masculine in grey and black is playing a black audible guitar with a slightly shorter women who is wearing pink and play a violin .	a cow chews grass
contradiction	A man wearing a stocking hat and has a beard is search at the camera with two woman sitting on the couch next to him .	there is a dog in the foreground
contradiction	A men wearing a stocking hat and has a beard is quest at the camera with two women sitting on the couch next to him .	there is a dog in the foreground
contradiction	A males wearing a stocking hat and has a beard is search at the camera with two woman sitting on the couch next to him .	there is a dog in the foreground
contradiction	A boy on a cycle in midair	A boy is yachting on a examines .
contradiction	A boy on a bicycling in midair	A boy is surveys on a navigator .
contradiction	A boy on a bike in midair	A boy is boats on a surveys .
contradiction	A group of minors people performing on a stage .	A grouping of people are watching an empty stages .
contradiction	A grouping of minor people performing on a stage .	A panels of people are watching an hollow stages .
contradiction	A groups of miners people performing on a stages .	A panels of people are watching an empty stage .
contradiction	a brown dog coming out of an orange and yellow tunnel	A brown dog dance out of a orange and yellow tunnel .
contradiction	a brown dog coming out of an orange and yellow tunnel	A brown dog dances out of a orange and yellow tunnels .
contradiction	a brown dog coming out of an orange and yellow tunnel	A brown dog dance out of a orange and yellow tunnels .
contradiction	the masculine is in the middle of a poles vault	The man is walking in the animals .
contradiction	the man is in the middle of a poles vault	The masculine is walking in the animal .
contradiction	the male is in the media of a pole vault	The men is walking in the animal .
contradiction	Two men prepare a fishes at a wharf .	Two masculine are sitting in a rowboat with their fishing poles
contradiction	Two men prepare a fishes at a dock .	Two males are sitting in a rowboat with their fishing poles
contradiction	Two masculine prepare a fishes at a wharf .	Two mens are sitting in a skiff with their fishing poles
contradiction	A dog is on the beach near a ball .	A cat is playing at the park .
contradiction	A dog is on the beach near a ball .	A cat is playing at the park .
contradiction	A dog is on the beach near a ball .	A cat is playing at the park .
contradiction	A masculine wearing a white t-shirt and shorts is rock climbing with other people wearing blue stiff hats .	A male in a negro t-shirt and shorts is hiking up a mountain .
contradiction	A man wearing a white t-shirt and shorts is rock climbing with other people wearing blue tricky hats .	A man in a negro t-shirt and shorts is hiking up a mountain .
contradiction	A males wearing a white t-shirt and shorts is rock climbing with other people wearing blue difficult hats .	A mens in a negro t-shirt and shorts is hiking up a mountain .
contradiction	A men in a brown shirt and a white baseball cap uses a plastic barrel to water tomato plant .	A male watering a bonsai trees .
contradiction	A men in a brown shirt and a white baseball chap utilizes a plastic barrel to water tomato plants .	A males watering a bonsai trees .
contradiction	A male in a brown shirt and a white baseball ceiling utilizes a plastic barrel to water tomato plant .	A male watering a bonsai trees .
contradiction	A mens in a suit cheers in a bookcase in front of smaller .	A boy is attending a club meeting .
contradiction	A men in a suit cheering in a bookshop in front of smaller .	A boy is attending a club meetings .
contradiction	A males in a suit cheers in a bookcase in front of youth .	A boy is attending a club meetings .
contradiction	A daughters reaches up to kissing a cat , which is sitting on the counter .	A girls is petting her dog .
contradiction	A daughters reaches up to kiss a cat , which is sitting on the counter .	A girls is petting her dog .
contradiction	A girls reaches up to kiss a cat , which is sitting on the counter .	A girl is petting her dog .
contradiction	A masculine play a piano	A boy is play trombone .
contradiction	A males playing a piano	A boy is playing trombone .
contradiction	A males play a piano	A boy is play trombone .
contradiction	little girl posing for a photo .	The boy is posing for a photographic .
contradiction	petite girl posing for a photographer .	The boy is posing for a photographer .
contradiction	little girls posing for a photographing .	The boy is posing for a photographing .
contradiction	3 teenager men in hoods standing in the mid of a calm street facing the camera .	Three people sit by a busy street bareheaded .
contradiction	3 minors men in hoods standing in the medium of a quiet street facing the camera .	Three people sit by a busy street bareheaded .
contradiction	3 adolescence mens in hoods standing in the mid of a composure street facing the camera .	Three people sit by a busy street bareheaded .
contradiction	A males plays a piano painted with an photo of a females on it .	A male plays the clarinet for his families .
contradiction	A men plays a piano painting with an photographic of a woman on it .	A male plays the clarinet for his families .
contradiction	A masculine plays a piano painted with an photograph of a woman on it .	A masculine plays the clarinet for his family .
contradiction	A couple look into the camera as the foreground is filled with balloons .	The couple is trying to figure out who the individuals across the street is who is holding the camera .
contradiction	A couple look into the camera as the foreground is filled with balloons .	The couple is trying to figure out who the person across the street is who is holding the camera .
contradiction	A couple look into the camera as the foreground is filled with balloons .	The couple is trying to figure out who the persons across the street is who is holding the camera .
contradiction	Fireworks light up the nightly as a male stands on stages .	The men is browse quietly in the house .
contradiction	Fireworks light up the nightly as a mens stands on stages .	The men is boats quietly in the dwelling .
contradiction	Fireworks light up the nighttime as a masculine stands on stage .	The men is sailing quietly in the dwelling .
contradiction	A boy in a gray and yellow jacket is raising his hand in front of others sitting around him .	A boy is dances for his friends .
contradiction	A boy in a gray and yellow jacket is raising his hand in front of others sitting around him .	A boy is dance for his friends .
contradiction	A boy in a gray and yellow jacket is raising his hand in front of others sitting around him .	A boy is dance for his friends .
contradiction	A females with her face partially cover in silver face painting sits on a plastic tote quest in a mirrors .	The women is blind .
contradiction	A women with her face partially covered in silver face painted sits on a plastic tote search in a mirrors .	The females is blind .
contradiction	A women with her face partly cover in silver face paints sits on a plastic tote searching in a mirrored .	The females is blinded .
contradiction	Two masculine are in blue life blazers and sitting on innertubes with `` Crusher '' written on them in the mid of a body of water .	Two men sit on a couch .
contradiction	Two man are in blue vie blazers and sitting on innertubes with `` Crusher '' written on them in the middle of a organ of water .	Two masculine sit on a couch .
contradiction	Two masculine are in blue vie jerseys and sitting on innertubes with `` Crusher '' written on them in the media of a body of water .	Two male sit on a couch .
contradiction	Two men are laying floor tiles in a doorway .	Two mens are being lazy .
contradiction	Two masculine are laying floor tiles in a doorway .	Two masculine are being lazy .
contradiction	Two male are laying floor tiles in a doorway .	Two male are being lazy .
contradiction	A gigantic audience of people seated at banquet table is watching the happenings on a stage surrounded by blue curtains .	The mammoth audience is standing and cheers .
contradiction	A overwhelming audience of people seated at banquet tables is watching the happenings on a stage surrounded by blue curtains .	The massive audience is standing and cheering .
contradiction	A large audience of people seated at banquet tables is watching the happenings on a stages surrounded by blue curtains .	The large audience is standing and cheering .
contradiction	A males in an Alaska sweatshirt stands behind a counter .	The masculine is wearing a tank top .
contradiction	A masculine in an Alaska sweatshirt stands behind a counter .	The men is wearing a tank top .
contradiction	A males in an Alaska sweatshirt stands behind a counter .	The men is wearing a tank top .
contradiction	A men partially draped in a green and orange flag rests his firearm on two others while standing in a crowd .	A mens is running away from cops .
contradiction	A men partly draped in a green and orange flag rests his weapons on two others while standing in a crowd .	A male is running away from police .
contradiction	A male partly draped in a green and orange flag rests his firearms on two others while standing in a crowd .	A man is running away from cop .
contradiction	Dog running with a purple toy in the snow field .	A dog is sitting on a tables .
contradiction	Dog running with a purple toy in the snow field .	A dog is sitting on a table .
contradiction	Dog running with a purple toy in the snowy field .	A dog is sitting on a tables .
contradiction	A male wait for the bus in a war torn countries .	A males is wait for a bus on mars .
contradiction	A males waiting for the bus in a war torn countries .	A male is wait for a bus on mar .
contradiction	A male wait for the bus in a war torn countries .	A man is waiting for a bus on mar .
contradiction	A grey rally autos is being driven by two adults man while a vast white container is tied down on top of the roof .	Two male are sitting on the grass next to a cars .
contradiction	A grey rallying automobiles is being driven by two grownups men while a huge white container is tied down on top of the roof .	Two men are sitting on the grass next to a vehicles .
contradiction	A gray rallying autos is being driven by two adults man while a gigantic white container is tied down on top of the roof .	Two mens are sitting on the grass next to a vehicles .
contradiction	A panel of people are searches at photographed on a wall and speaking to each other .	A grouping of people are play baseball .
contradiction	A panels of people are searches at photographer on a wall and speaking to each other .	A panels of people are playing baseball .
contradiction	A groups of people are searching at photographed on a wall and speaking to each other .	A grouping of people are play baseball .
contradiction	A youths men with sunglasses and his companion are attempting to do laundry in a public placing .	Nobody has eyeglasses on
contradiction	A juveniles male with glasses and his companion are attempting to do laundry in a public place .	Nobody has spectacles on
contradiction	A smaller masculine with spectacles and his companion are attempting to do laundry in a public place .	Nobody has spectacles on
contradiction	A group of people on the barking , brightly lighten street , while one males with a gray hat holds a huge colorful sign with arrows .	A panel of friends sit at a tables conversations to each other .
contradiction	A panels of people on the barking , brightly lighten street , while one male with a grey hat holds a vast colorful sign with arrows .	A groups of friends sit at a tables conversation to each other .
contradiction	A group of people on the bark , brightly lighten street , while one masculine with a gray hat holds a immense colorful sign with arrows .	A panel of friends sit at a table discussions to each other .
contradiction	A dog jumping into the airways .	A dog is swimming .
contradiction	A dog jumping into the airlines .	A dog is swim .
contradiction	A dog jumping into the midair .	A dog is swim .
contradiction	Several people navigating through books at a boutique with a tile floor .	The people are eating ice cream at Dairy Queen .
contradiction	Several people sail through books at a boutique with a tile floor .	The people are eating frosting cream at Dairy Queen .
contradiction	Several people navigator through books at a store with a tile floor .	The people are eating frosting cream at Dairy Queen .
contradiction	A large grouping of people walking in a busy town at overnight .	People are eating lunch in a restaurant .
contradiction	A hefty panel of people walking in a busy city at overnight .	People are eating lunch in a restaurant .
contradiction	A massive group of people walking in a busy city at overnight .	People are eating lunch in a restaurant .
contradiction	A father and his girl are riding a lawn mover down a street while attired in American colour .	two masculine chop grass by hand
contradiction	A fathers and his girl are riding a lawn mover down a street while attired in American colours .	two males cutting grass by hand
contradiction	A father and his girls are riding a lawn mover down a street while clothed in American colours .	two mens cutting grass by hand
contradiction	Four African boys playing soccer .	Some boys are in the playing ground
contradiction	Four African boys playing soccer .	Some boys are in the playing ground
contradiction	Four African boys playing soccer .	Some boys are in the play ground
contradiction	Four African boys playing soccer .	Some youth are watching soccer
contradiction	Four African boys playing soccer .	Some juvenile are watching soccer
contradiction	Four African boys play soccer .	Some youths are watching soccer
contradiction	A couple has been photography through a gap in the fencing while they are sitting near the water .	The couple is standing next to a cake .
contradiction	A couple has been photographing through a flaws in the fence while they are sitting near the water .	The couple is standing next to a cake .
contradiction	A couple has been photographer through a gap in the fences while they are sitting near the water .	The couple is standing next to a cake .
contradiction	The hockey gamers and referee are preparing for a face-off .	The dog is sliding across the ice at the hockey matching .
contradiction	The hockey gamers and referee are preparing for a face-off .	The dog is sliding across the icing at the hockey matching .
contradiction	The hockey players and referee are preparing for a face-off .	The dog is sliding across the frosting at the hockey matches .
contradiction	A woman in a grey kimono walks past a black automobiles in the medium of a crowded street full of Japanese signs , with a men in an orange shirt and khaki panties .	A females is running in a park .
contradiction	A females in a gray kimono walks past a black automobiles in the media of a crowded street full of Japanese signs , with a male in an orange shirt and khaki breeches .	A females is running in a park .
contradiction	A woman in a gray kimono walks past a black automobiles in the medium of a crowded street full of Japanese signs , with a males in an orange shirt and khaki slacks .	A woman is running in a park .
contradiction	A mens in a green shirt and vast beige hat is monitored a newsstand that selling snacks and beverages .	the men is at home sleeping
contradiction	A men in a green shirt and overwhelming beige hat is monitors a newsstand that sells snacks and drinks .	the males is at home sleeping
contradiction	A men in a green shirt and gigantic beige hat is supervising a newsstand that sells snacks and drinks .	the mens is at home sleeping
contradiction	A males in a green shirt and large beige hat is supervises a newsstand that sells snacks and beverages .	the female is white
contradiction	A men in a green shirt and jumbo beige hat is monitored a newsstand that sold snacks and drinks .	the women is white
contradiction	A masculine in a green shirt and gigantic beige hat is monitors a newsstand that selling snacks and beverages .	the women is white
contradiction	A enormous grouping of people walking in a busy town at overnight .	People are outer in a park .
contradiction	A mammoth panels of people walking in a busy city at night .	People are outside in a park .
contradiction	A jumbo panel of people walking in a busy city at nighttime .	People are outer in a park .
contradiction	A girl is swinging , rather high , on a swing with blue ropes with lots of trees in the background .	A daughters is swinging , rather high , on a swing with white ropes .
contradiction	A daughters is swinging , rather high , on a swing with blue ropes with lots of trees in the background .	A girls is swinging , rather high , on a swing with white ropes .
contradiction	A girls is swinging , rather high , on a swing with blue ropes with lots of trees in the background .	A daughter is swinging , rather high , on a swing with white ropes .
contradiction	One daughters sips a soda while another looks on , standing on a street in front of a bunch of bicycles .	A daughters beverages a soda while sleeping
contradiction	One daughter sips a soda while another looks on , standing on a street in front of a bunch of motorcycle .	A daughters beverages a soda while sleeping
contradiction	One girls sips a soda while another looks on , standing on a street in front of a bunch of bicycling .	A daughter beverages a soda while sleeping
contradiction	The indian 's are performing a holy dancing .	The Indians are building sand castles .
contradiction	The indian 's are performing a holy dancing .	The Indians are building sand castles .
contradiction	The indian 's are performing a holy dancing .	The Indians are building sand castles .
contradiction	Three people are attired in costumes and play musical instruments .	The people are working at an office .
contradiction	Three people are dressed in costumes and playing musical instruments .	The people are working at an office .
contradiction	Three people are dressed in costumes and playing musical instruments .	The people are working at an office .
contradiction	Everyone is getting prepared to play the games .	A panel of people watch a movie .
contradiction	Everyone is getting readies to playing the games .	A grouping of people watch a cinema .
contradiction	Everyone is getting readies to playing the game .	A panel of people watch a cinema .
contradiction	Two little daughters , wearing pink hanging on a piping .	Two girls wearing blue sit on a couch .
contradiction	Two petite daughters , wearing pink hanging on a tube .	Two daughters wearing blue sit on a couch .
contradiction	Two small girls , wearing pink hanging on a tubes .	Two girls wearing blue sit on a couch .
contradiction	A family smiling on the couch .	A families is playing out in their courtyard .
contradiction	A family smiling on the couch .	A family is playing out in their backyard .
contradiction	A families smiling on the couch .	A families is playing out in their courtyard .
contradiction	A females in a blue top and pencil skirt walks by a balding male in a pinstriped suit .	They are walking on top of trees .
contradiction	A women in a blue top and pencil skirt walks by a balding male in a pinstriped suit .	They are walking on top of trees .
contradiction	A females in a blue top and pencil skirt walks by a balding mens in a pinstriped suit .	They are walking on top of trees .
contradiction	A man holds a rope for a boy who 's approximately to climbing a wall .	There is a mens climbing as the boy holds the rope
contradiction	A male holds a rope for a boy who 's about to climb a wall .	There is a men climbing as the boy holds the rope
contradiction	A men holds a rope for a boy who 's approximately to climbing a wall .	There is a masculine climb as the boy holds the rope
contradiction	A women , in red and white , and wearing spectacles , sits in a rooms with other people .	A males is fixing his autos .
contradiction	A woman , in red and white , and wearing spectacles , sits in a room with other people .	A mens is fixing his vehicular .
contradiction	A women , in red and white , and wearing glasses , sits in a rooms with other people .	A male is fixing his auto .
contradiction	Two guys on a couch , one is quest up the other is quest away with a cup in his hand .	Neither is holding anything .
contradiction	Two guys on a couch , one is looking up the other is quest away with a cup in his hand .	Neither is holding anything .
contradiction	Two guys on a couch , one is quest up the other is quest away with a cup in his hand .	Neither is holding anything .
contradiction	Two girls in red life jackets lock oars on a river .	Two daughters sleeping on a couch .
contradiction	Two girls in red vie jackets lock oars on a river .	Two girls slumber on a couch .
contradiction	Two girl in red vie jackets lock oars on a river .	Two girls sleeping on a couch .
contradiction	Two dive divers reviews a massive metals object in the water .	Two scuba divers are running a marathon .
contradiction	Two diving divers reviewing a massive metallic object in the water .	Two diving divers are running a marathon .
contradiction	Two dives divers examination a jumbo metallic object in the water .	Two dive divers are running a marathon .
contradiction	Nurses in a physician setting conversing over a plastic cup .	The nurses are eating lunch .
contradiction	Nurses in a drugs setting conversing over a plastic cup .	The nurse are eating lunch .
contradiction	Nurses in a medication setting conversing over a plastic cup .	The nurse are eating lunch .
contradiction	A females gymnast flies off of the lower bar and is suspended in the planes with her footing pointed upward .	A women gymnast is enjoying a cinnamon roll .
contradiction	A women gymnast fly off of the lower bar and is suspended in the airplanes with her foot pointed ascending .	A female gymnast is enjoying a cinnamon roll .
contradiction	A female gymnast flies off of the lower bar and is suspended in the aerial with her foot pointed upward .	A women gymnast is enjoying a cinnamon roll .
contradiction	A man wielding an electrical razor is gleefully shave away another masculine 's hair .	There is only one persons present .
contradiction	A male wielding an electricity razor is gleefully shave away another men 's hair .	There is solely one persons present .
contradiction	A male wielding an electricity razor is gleefully shave away another male 's hairstyle .	There is solely one persons present .
contradiction	A male smiles while he shaves the head of another men .	A males is crying at a co-worker 's funeral .
contradiction	A mens smiles while he shaves the head of another man .	A males is crying at a co-worker 's funereal .
contradiction	A mens smiles while he shaves the head of another man .	A masculine is crying at a co-worker 's funeral .
contradiction	One males in baseball ceiling looks out while two man look down .	Women look myriad directions .
contradiction	One mens in baseball caps looks out while two masculine look down .	Women look different directions .
contradiction	One man in baseball caps looks out while two men look down .	Women look multiple directions .
contradiction	Police are setting up a barricade due to a fire .	Police are sitting at the station eating donuts and conversations on the phones .
contradiction	Police are setting up a barricade due to a fire .	Police are sitting at the station eating donuts and discussions on the phone .
contradiction	Police are setting up a barricade due to a fire .	Police are sitting at the station eating donuts and conversation on the phones .
contradiction	A persons waterskiing in a river with a overwhelming wall in the background .	A dog waterskiing in a river with a overwhelming wall in the background .
contradiction	A individuals waterskiing in a river with a gigantic wall in the background .	A dog waterskiing in a river with a hefty wall in the background .
contradiction	A persons waterskiing in a river with a overwhelming wall in the background .	A dog waterskiing in a river with a vast wall in the background .
contradiction	A softball player throws the ball to her teammate .	Two softball gamers are sitting on a bench .
contradiction	A softball player throws the ball to her teammate .	Two softball gamers are sitting on a bench .
contradiction	A softball player throws the ball to her teammate .	Two softball players are sitting on a bench .
contradiction	Two petite boys are playing on stairs that have a carpets racer going down them .	The teenagers do n't have any energy today .
contradiction	Two little boys are playing on stairs that have a mat runner going down them .	The youngsters do n't have any energy today .
contradiction	Two petite boys are playing on stairs that have a rug racer going down them .	The adolescent do n't have any energy today .
contradiction	A white and a black dog battles in a fenced in room .	the negro and white dogs are play .
contradiction	A white and a negro dog fight in a fenced in rooms .	the negro and white dogs are playing .
contradiction	A white and a negro dog battle in a fenced in rooms .	the black and white dogs are playing .
contradiction	A white and a black dog fight in a fenced in room .	The struggling dogs are outboard .
contradiction	A white and a black dog combat in a fenced in room .	The fights dogs are outboard .
contradiction	A white and a negro dog fight in a fenced in room .	The fight dogs are outer .
contradiction	A individuals obscured in shadow in a coliseum .	The person is a vampire avoiding the sun .
contradiction	A person obscured in shadow in a coliseum .	The individuals is a vampire avoid the sun .
contradiction	A individuals obscured in shadow in a gymnasium .	The person is a vampire avoided the sun .
contradiction	A woman in a green suit walking toward an escalator .	A woman sits beside the escalator .
contradiction	A female in a green suit walking toward an escalator .	A women sits beside the escalator .
contradiction	A women in a green suit walking towards an escalator .	A female sits beside the escalator .
contradiction	Asian masculine sitting down , and some of them are wearing white and pink hats , while the others are wearing blue jackets with yellow sashes .	Asian women are sitting in a restaurant .
contradiction	Asian men sitting down , and some of them are wearing white and pink hats , while the others are wearing blue jerseys with yellow sashes .	Asian females are sitting in a restaurant .
contradiction	Asian male sitting down , and some of them are wearing white and pink hats , while the others are wearing blue jackets with yellow sashes .	Asian women are sitting in a restaurant .
contradiction	A smiling mens is holding up a gavel .	The men is crying .
contradiction	A smiling male is holding up a gavel .	The men is crying .
contradiction	A smiling men is holding up a gavel .	The men is crying .
contradiction	A men is holding a book standing in front of a blackboard .	A men is holding a dog standing in front of a blackboard .
contradiction	A male is holding a book standing in front of a blackboard .	A mens is holding a dog standing in front of a blackboard .
contradiction	A male is holding a book standing in front of a chalkboard .	A men is holding a dog standing in front of a blackboard .
contradiction	A female is walking her dog and using her mobiles .	The female is walking her cat .
contradiction	A woman is walking her dog and using her mobiles .	The women is walking her cat .
contradiction	A woman is walking her dog and using her movable .	The woman is walking her cat .
contradiction	While one male , in the white ceilings , is golfer , three other males are in the media of a conversation .	Four guys go snooker at the lanes .
contradiction	While one mens , in the white ceiling , is golf , three other masculine are in the mid of a conversation .	Four guys go snooker at the lanes .
contradiction	While one man , in the white ceiling , is golfer , three other masculine are in the mid of a conversation .	Four guys go billiard at the lanes .
contradiction	A panel of cyclists at a races with their arms around each other .	A panels of gymnasts performing .
contradiction	A grouping of cyclists at a race with their revolver around each other .	A panels of gymnasts performing .
contradiction	A panels of motorcyclists at a errand with their revolver around each other .	A grouping of gymnasts performing .
contradiction	A biker races .	The car is yellow
contradiction	A motorcyclist races .	The auto is yellow
contradiction	A biker racing .	The car is yellow
contradiction	Women sit on a beach as they watch mens bring in a fishing netted filled with fishes in front of them .	Women and male sing indoors .
contradiction	Women sit on a beach as they watch man bring in a fishing net filled with fishes in front of them .	Women and male sung indoors .
contradiction	Women sit on a beach as they watch males bring in a fishing netted filled with fish in front of them .	Women and man singing indoors .
contradiction	A motorist gets some planes over a rough hill .	A motorist has stalled .
contradiction	A motorist gets some jets over a crude hill .	A motorist has stalled .
contradiction	A motorist gets some planes over a crude hill .	A motorist has stalled .
contradiction	A biker is flying through the jets above a filth routing .	The person is sleep .
contradiction	A biker is flying through the airline above a dirt road .	The individuals is slept .
contradiction	A biker is flying through the airline above a dirt pathway .	The persons is sleeping .
contradiction	Many people who appear to be Asian stand in line at a train station waiting patiently for the next train .	the people are running through fire
contradiction	Many people who appear to be Asian stand in line at a train station waiting patiently for the next train .	the people are running through fire
contradiction	Many people who appear to be Asian stand in line at a train station wait patiently for the next train .	the people are running through fire
contradiction	The adolescent is hanging upside down with his legs over a pole .	There is an grownups upside down .
contradiction	The youth is hanging upside down with his legs over a pole .	There is an adults upside down .
contradiction	The teenaged is hanging upside down with his legs over a poles .	There is an grownups upside down .
contradiction	A males in a pink shirt and white vest plays a guitar .	There is a males in a green shirt .
contradiction	A masculine in a pink shirt and white vest plays a guitar .	There is a male in a green shirt .
contradiction	A man in a pink shirt and white vest plays a guitar .	There is a mens in a green shirt .
contradiction	Two petite boys are smiling and laughing while one is standing and one is in a bouncy seat .	The little boys are crying .
contradiction	Two petite boys are smiling and laughing while one is standing and one is in a bouncy seating .	The petite boys are crying .
contradiction	Two little boys are smiling and laugh while one is standing and one is in a bouncy seating .	The small boys are crying .
contradiction	Two male in polo shirts , reading the paper .	Two men argue with each other .
contradiction	Two man in polo shirts , reading the paper .	Two males argue with each other .
contradiction	Two masculine in polo shirts , reading the paper .	Two mens argue with each other .
contradiction	The 3 dogs are cruising down the street .	a family of cats resting
contradiction	The 3 dogs are cruise down the street .	a families of cats resting
contradiction	The 3 dogs are cruise down the street .	a family of cats resting
contradiction	A boy whiffs a ball with a bat .	The boy is swinging a golf club .
contradiction	A boy whiffs a ball with a bat .	The boy is swinging a golf club .
contradiction	A boy whiffs a ball with a bat .	The boy is swinging a golfer club .
contradiction	A man with a bat swings at a ball coming toward him .	The males is sleeping
contradiction	A male with a bat swings at a ball coming toward him .	The mens is sleeping
contradiction	A male with a bat swings at a ball coming toward him .	The male is sleeping
contradiction	A mens standing in a cubicle with a chair that has a black Ginobili jersey on it .	A mens is wearing a white sports jersey in his cubicle .
contradiction	A males standing in a cubicle with a chairs that has a black Ginobili jersey on it .	A man is wearing a white sportsman jersey in his cubicle .
contradiction	A men standing in a cubicle with a chairs that has a black Ginobili jersey on it .	A man is wearing a white sportsman jersey in his cubicle .
contradiction	A males wearing a denim jacket and jeans welds on a bridges above water while wearing his safety mask .	The mens wearing an blue jumpsuit is doing construction on a bridge work while whistle .
contradiction	A mens wearing a denim jacket and jeans welds on a bridges above water while wearing his safety mask .	The males wearing an blue jumpsuit is doing construction on a bridges work while whistle .
contradiction	A male wearing a denim jacket and jeans welds on a bridge above water while wearing his safety mask .	The mens wearing an blue jumpsuit is doing construction on a bridges work while whistle .
contradiction	A mens in tan trousers is eating while sitting next to a plate and a pair of footwear .	The male is wearing a kilt and his standing on the ground .
contradiction	A man in tan pants is eating while sitting next to a plate and a pair of footwear .	The males is wearing a kilt and his standing on the ground .
contradiction	A mens in tan underclothes is eating while sitting next to a plate and a pair of footwear .	The man is wearing a kilt and his standing on the ground .
contradiction	A masculine in a blue jacket holding a handsaw sawing a pipes on top of a woods fences .	Nobody is working .
contradiction	A male in a blue jacket holding a handsaw sawing a tubes on top of a woods fences .	Nobody is working .
contradiction	A males in a blue jacket holding a handsaw sawing a tubes on top of a timber fence .	Nobody is working .
contradiction	Some people are standing on a city pavement at nightly and wait to get on a double-decker bus .	People wait to get on a yachting at overnight .
contradiction	Some people are standing on a town pavement at overnight and waiting to get on a double-decker bus .	People wait to get on a study at nighttime .
contradiction	Some people are standing on a city sidewalk at overnight and waiting to get on a double-decker bus .	People waiting to get on a sailboat at nightly .
contradiction	People are waiting in line to board a doubles decker bus .	People are surfing in the marina .
contradiction	People are waiting in line to board a twin decker bus .	People are surfing in the navy .
contradiction	People are waiting in line to board a dual decker bus .	People are surfer in the naval .
contradiction	Island natives harvester reeling in their nets after a long day 's work .	The male did not go to work today but instead played bridge .
contradiction	Island indigenous fishers reeling in their nets after a lengthy day 's work .	The men did not go to work today but instead played bridge .
contradiction	Island aboriginal fishers reeling in their nets after a lengthy day 's work .	The masculine did not go to work today but instead played bridges .
contradiction	An Eastern providers sits by his stall with a rooster vicinity .	a rooster on the farm
contradiction	An Eastern vendors sits by his stall with a rooster vicinity .	a rooster on the farm
contradiction	An Eastern vendors sits by his stall with a rooster vicinity .	a rooster on the farm
contradiction	A men searching out of his window .	A masculine takes a nap in the dark room .
contradiction	A mens quest out of his window .	A male takes a nap in the dark rooms .
contradiction	A masculine quest out of his window .	A male takes a nap in the dark room .
contradiction	A boy is standing in a pool getting splashed with water .	The boy is not in a pool .
contradiction	A boy is standing in a pool getting splashed with water .	The boy is not in a pool .
contradiction	A boy is standing in a pool getting splashed with water .	The boy is not in a pool .
contradiction	A boy is being splashed in a swim pool .	A boy is splashing others at the beach .
contradiction	A boy is being splashed in a swim pool .	A boy is splashing others at the beach .
contradiction	A boy is being splashed in a swim pool .	A boy is splashing others at the beach .
contradiction	A lady is walking out of a short tunnel as a mens prepares to enter it from the converse side .	Everybody is sitting
contradiction	A dame is walking out of a short tunnels as a male prepares to enter it from the opposite side .	Everybody is sitting
contradiction	A dame is walking out of a short tunnels as a man prepares to enter it from the converse side .	Everybody is sitting
contradiction	A baby sitting in a highchair quest delighted .	The baby is crying .
contradiction	A baby sitting in a highchair searches delighted .	The baby is crying .
contradiction	A baby sitting in a highchair searching delighted .	The baby is crying .
contradiction	A men on a cycling , with the sun beating down in the background , just embark off of a filth ramp and is coming back down .	Cyclists compete in the Tour de France .
contradiction	A men on a cycling , with the sun beating down in the background , just launching off of a filth ramp and is coming back down .	Cyclists competing in the Tour de France .
contradiction	A men on a bikes , with the sun beating down in the background , just initiate off of a filth ramp and is coming back down .	Cyclists competing in the Tour de France .
contradiction	A miner masculine wearing spectacles is putting some liquid in a beaker while a teenager daughter wearing blue gloves looks down while holding a pen .	A male is lights a fire under the beaker as portion of his demonstration to the daughters .
contradiction	A minors man wearing eyeglasses is putting some liquid in a beaker while a juvenile girl wearing blue gloves looks down while holding a pen .	A masculine is lighting a fire under the beaker as portion of his demonstration to the daughter .
contradiction	A youngsters male wearing spectacles is putting some liquids in a beaker while a youngsters girls wearing blue gloves looks down while holding a pen .	A male is lighting a fire under the beaker as part of his demonstration to the girls .
contradiction	a juvenile playing with two brooms in front of a pine trees with lights on it .	a teenage cuts down a xmas tree
contradiction	a smaller play with two brooms in front of a pine trees with lighting on it .	a teen cuts down a xmas tree
contradiction	a young play with two brooms in front of a pine tree with lighting on it .	a juveniles cuts down a xmas tree
contradiction	Two people sitting on the sand .	The people are standing .
contradiction	Two people sitting on the sand .	The people are standing .
contradiction	Two people sitting on the sand .	The people are standing .
contradiction	A males in a green shirt hovers above the ground in the laundry room .	The men is wearing a red shirt .
contradiction	A man in a green shirt hover above the ground in the laundry rooms .	The man is wearing a red shirt .
contradiction	A males in a green shirt hover above the ground in the laundry rooms .	The males is wearing a red shirt .
contradiction	A females in a negro and white shirt is sitting in a chair with an animated expression on her face .	The females is standing with her hand over her mouth .
contradiction	A females in a negro and white shirt is sitting in a chairs with an animated expression on her face .	The female is standing with her hand over her mouth .
contradiction	A female in a black and white shirt is sitting in a chairs with an animated expression on her face .	The female is standing with her hand over her mouth .
contradiction	Two mens stand in a hoist as four others , all clothed in black and bright yellow stripes , look up on them .	Six males are seated at the back of a city bus .
contradiction	Two mens stand in a lift as four others , all attired in black and bright yellow stripes , look up on them .	Six mens are seated at the back of a town bus .
contradiction	Two men stand in a lift as four others , all attired in black and bright yellow stripes , look up on them .	Six male are seated at the back of a city bus .
contradiction	Two musicians and a singer are on a stages performing a song .	Band member packets their things into a tours bus .
contradiction	Two musicians and a singer are on a stages performing a song .	Band members package their things into a tours bus .
contradiction	Two musicians and a singer are on a stage performing a song .	Band members packages their things into a tour bus .
contradiction	These are teenaged adult who seem to be working together to protects the plants surrounding the white poles .	The grownup are old
contradiction	These are adolescent grownup who seem to be working together to protecting the plant surrounding the white pole .	The adults are old
contradiction	These are young grownups who seem to be working together to protects the plant surrounding the white pole .	The adult are old
contradiction	A masculine in a blue jacket standing at a tables with his back to the camera .	the boy was listening
contradiction	A male in a blue jacket standing at a table with his back to the camera .	the boy was listening
contradiction	A man in a blue jacket standing at a table with his back to the camera .	the boy was listening
contradiction	A males in a blue jacket standing at a table with his back to the camera .	the kids was 18 years old
contradiction	A man in a blue jacket standing at a tables with his back to the camera .	the children was 18 olds old
contradiction	A males in a blue jacket standing at a tables with his back to the camera .	the teenaged was 18 olds old
contradiction	In a petite villages a Man sets vessels along the Swamp .	A mens riding a bicycle and eating cotton candy .
contradiction	In a little villages a Man sets surveys along the Swamp .	A masculine riding a bicycling and eating cotton candy .
contradiction	In a little village a Man sets explore along the Swamp .	A mens riding a moped and eating cotton candy .
contradiction	A group of soldiers march in a parade .	A panel of dogs march in a parade .
contradiction	A groups of soldiers march in a parade .	A panel of dogs march in a parade .
contradiction	A groups of soldiers march in a parade .	A panel of dogs march in a parade .
contradiction	A boy in a red shirt is squatting in front of a circle of stones with a pot in the middle .	A boy lighting a grill in orders to make some hamburgers .
contradiction	A boy in a red shirt is squatting in front of a circle of stones with a pot in the mid .	A boy lighting a grille in orders to make some hamburgers .
contradiction	A boy in a red shirt is squatting in front of a circle of stones with a pot in the middle .	A boy lighting a grill in ordering to make some hamburgers .
contradiction	A females rests her head on a masculine 's shoulder .	Woman baking cake for her husband
contradiction	A women rests her head on a man 's shoulder .	Woman baking cake for her husband
contradiction	A women rests her head on a males 's shoulder .	Woman baking cake for her husband
contradiction	A male with his finger in his mouth is standing outdoor of an RV .	The men is inner his RV .
contradiction	A mens with his finger in his mouth is standing outer of an RV .	The men is interior his RV .
contradiction	A masculine with his finger in his mouth is standing outboard of an RV .	The masculine is inner his RV .
contradiction	Two kid trying to win a prize at a carnival .	The two teenagers were doing homework at home .
contradiction	Two miner trying to won a prizes at a carnival .	The two youths were doing homework at home .
contradiction	Two minors trying to winning a prize at a carnival .	The two miner were doing homework at home .
contradiction	Two university football gamers fighting it out outdoors on the field during games day , where one is the quarterback trying to throw the ball , and the other player is in measuring roughly to sack the quarterback .	Some girls playing basketball .
contradiction	Two universities football players struggling it out outdoors on the field during games day , where one is the quarterback trying to throw the ball , and the other player is in measures roughly to sack the quarterback .	Some daughters playing basketball .
contradiction	Two colleges football players fighting it out outdoors on the field during games day , where one is the quarterback trying to throw the ball , and the other player is in activity roughly to sack the quarterback .	Some girls playing basketball .
contradiction	Two masculine , in their later years , one wearing a hat , the other wearing glasses are fixing some sorting of machine .	The men are both wearing sunglasses .
contradiction	Two male , in their later years , one wearing a hat , the other wearing goggles are fixing some sorted of machine .	The mens are both wearing glasses .
contradiction	Two males , in their later olds , one wearing a hat , the other wearing sunglasses are fixing some sorts of machine .	The males are both wearing sunglasses .
contradiction	Two little boys are standing in a kitchen .	The boys are climb a trees .
contradiction	Two small boys are standing in a kitchen .	The boys are climb a tree .
contradiction	Two petite boys are standing in a kitchen .	The boys are climb a trees .
contradiction	A minors in a jeans jacket and shorts holding up a white dress as another darker-skinned teens looks at it .	a dog eats his food
contradiction	A young in a jeans jacket and shorts holding up a white garb as another darker-skinned kids looks at it .	a dog eats his food
contradiction	A young in a jeans jacket and shorts holding up a white attire as another darker-skinned minors looks at it .	a dog eats his food
contradiction	A men laughing while at a restaurant .	A males crying while at a restaurant .
contradiction	A man laughing while at a restaurant .	A man crying while at a restaurant .
contradiction	A male laughing while at a restaurant .	A males crying while at a restaurant .
contradiction	People sitting on benches in a public sphere .	There are people standing by benches in public .
contradiction	People sitting on benches in a public areas .	There are people standing by benches in public .
contradiction	People sitting on benches in a public area .	There are people standing by benches in public .
contradiction	A groups of women around a tables to fabric .	The female are break dance at the club .
contradiction	A groups of female around a table to fabric .	The woman are break dance at the club .
contradiction	A panel of women around a table to fabric .	The females are break dances at the club .
contradiction	A males is giving a presentation .	the man is not talking
contradiction	A masculine is giving a presentations .	the male is not talking
contradiction	A mens is giving a presentations .	the men is not talking
contradiction	A boy scouts with a red ceilings is quest through a telescope	A boy scouting is making a bonfire .
contradiction	A boy scouts with a red cap is looking through a telescope	A boy scouting is making a bonfire .
contradiction	A boy scouts with a red caps is searches through a telescope	A boy scouts is making a campfire .
contradiction	An aging masculine in a printed shirt , cigarettes on a busy street .	A females is sitting in a restaurant .
contradiction	An elders men in a printed shirt , smokes on a busy street .	A women is sitting in a restaurant .
contradiction	An aging masculine in a printed shirt , cigarettes on a busy street .	A female is sitting in a restaurant .
contradiction	A masculine touching a hanging strand of lamps .	A men has his hands shoved into his coat bags .
contradiction	A male touch a hanging strand of lamppost .	A male has his hands shoved into his coat satchel .
contradiction	A masculine touch a hanging strand of lantern .	A masculine has his hands shoved into his coat bag .
contradiction	Two people are play American Football and one of them is trying to stopping the other from throwing the ball .	A pitcher throws the baseball to the batter as he attempts to hit it out of the park .
contradiction	Two people are play American Football and one of them is trying to halt the other from throwing the ball .	A pitcher throws the baseball to the batter as he attempts to hit it out of the park .
contradiction	Two people are playing American Football and one of them is trying to stopping the other from throwing the ball .	A pitcher throws the baseball to the batter as he attempts to hit it out of the park .
contradiction	In front of a brick house with a straw roof and some figures , three teenage stand , two of them holding squares of chalkboard .	The miner are putting out a fire nearby
contradiction	In front of a brick houses with a straw roof and some figures , three miner stand , two of them holding square of chalkboard .	The miners are putting out a fire nearby
contradiction	In front of a brick housing with a straw roof and some digit , three child stand , two of them holding square of blackboard .	The teen are putting out a fire nearby
contradiction	A male wearing dark jeans , an orange shirt , and an orange apron is next to a bunch of plant and flower and a females with a blue top .	The women is wearing a red top .
contradiction	A male wearing dark jeans , an orange shirt , and an orange apron is next to a bunch of plants and flowers and a female with a blue top .	The women is wearing a red top .
contradiction	A males wearing dark jeans , an orange shirt , and an orange apron is next to a bunch of plant and flowering and a women with a blue top .	The females is wearing a red top .
contradiction	A choir made up of many ages of people are performing .	The choir are taking in a ball game .
contradiction	A choir made up of numerous ages of people are performing .	The choir are taking in a ball game .
contradiction	A choir made up of multiple ages of people are performing .	The choir are taking in a ball games .
contradiction	A persons on blue underclothes and a white shirt walks away from a dirt circle on multicolored grass .	a individuals jumps
contradiction	A person on blue trousers and a white shirt walks away from a filth circle on multicolored grass .	a persons jumps
contradiction	A persons on blue trousers and a white shirt walks away from a filth circle on multicolored grass .	a individuals jumps
contradiction	A view of bicyclists on a town street , riding in both directions , with red reflective safety cones partition the two lanes .	Bumper to bumper car traffic clogs the street .
contradiction	A view of bicyclists on a city street , riding in both directions , with red reflective safety cones divided the two lanes .	Bumper to bumper motor traffic clogs the street .
contradiction	A view of bicyclists on a city street , riding in both directions , with red reflective safety cones splits the two lane .	Bumper to bumper cars traffic clogs the street .
contradiction	A masculine in a white shirt , dark shorts and a red cap is standing in a little green dinghy with green oars , in the medium of what appears to be a shallow river , against a bank of tall dehydrated grasses .	The men is in a jail cell
contradiction	A men in a white shirt , dark shorts and a red ceilings is standing in a little green dinghy with green oars , in the middle of what appears to be a shallow river , against a bank of tall dry grasses .	The man is in a prison cell
contradiction	A man in a white shirt , dark shorts and a red cap is standing in a petite green motorboat with green oars , in the mid of what appears to be a shallow river , against a bank of tall dehydrated grasses .	The men is in a jail cell
contradiction	A mens in a white shirt , dark shorts and a red chap is standing in a small green canoe with green oars , in the mid of what appears to be a shallow river , against a bank of tall dry grasses .	The male is fishing in the lake .
contradiction	A masculine in a white shirt , dark shorts and a red caps is standing in a small green canoe with green oars , in the medium of what appears to be a shallow river , against a bank of tall dehydrated grasses .	The man is fishing in the lake .
contradiction	A men in a white shirt , dark shorts and a red chap is standing in a small green rowboat with green oars , in the media of what appears to be a shallow river , against a bank of tall dried grasses .	The men is fishing in the lake .
contradiction	A juveniles woman in a negro skirt and boots walks by stores .	A miner females is eating in a fine restaurant .
contradiction	A children women in a negro skirt and boots walks by stores .	A young women is eating in a fine restaurant .
contradiction	A teenagers woman in a black skirt and boots walks by storage .	A underage woman is eating in a fine restaurant .
contradiction	A boy and daughters play together on a piling or rocks in a residential areas .	The boy and daughter are inside
contradiction	A boy and daughters play together on a piling or rocks in a residential area .	The boy and daughters are inside
contradiction	A boy and daughters playing together on a pile or rocks in a residential spheres .	The boy and girls are inside
contradiction	A males shoveling snowy off the roof of a building .	A miner female working in the snowy .
contradiction	A masculine shoveling snowy off the roof of a building .	A teens female working in the snowy .
contradiction	A male shoveling snowy off the roof of a building .	A youth woman working in the snowy .
contradiction	Children playing a videotape game together .	The teen are at the table eating dinner .
contradiction	Children play a tapes game together .	The teen are at the tables eating dinner .
contradiction	Children playing a videotapes game together .	The teen are at the tables eating dinner .
contradiction	There are teenaged playing in the snow and one of them is making a snowball .	Two miners combat over the remote .
contradiction	There are youthful play in the snowy and one of them is making a snowball .	Two minor struggle over the distant .
contradiction	There are young play in the snow and one of them is making a snowball .	Two youngsters combat over the remote .
contradiction	A masculine in an orange jacket reaches under a busted up blue motors on timber supports .	A mens reaches into a studying .
contradiction	A masculine in an orange jacket reaches under a busted up blue vehicles on lumber supports .	A mens reaches into a studying .
contradiction	A masculine in an orange jacket reaches under a busted up blue vehicular on lumber supports .	A mens reaches into a studies .
contradiction	People walking along the beach on a sunny day .	the beach is empty because of a hurricane .
contradiction	People walking along the beach on a sunny day .	the beach is empty because of a hurricane .
contradiction	People walking along the beach on a sunny day .	the beach is hollow because of a hurricane .
contradiction	A grouping of people , one of which is a woman with a vast white and colorful backpack , wait to board a huge white and blue bus .	A dog is drive the bus .
contradiction	A grouping of people , one of which is a woman with a big white and colorful pockets , wait to board a massive white and blue bus .	A dog is drive the bus .
contradiction	A panels of people , one of which is a women with a overwhelming white and colorful bag , waiting to board a heavy white and blue bus .	A dog is drive the bus .
contradiction	A man playing billiards at a bar .	A male is play checkers .
contradiction	A mens play billiards at a bar .	A man is playing checkers .
contradiction	A man play billiards at a bar .	A mens is play checkers .
contradiction	Two construction workers talk while searches at a Naval explore .	The workers are muted .
contradiction	Two construction workers talk while searches at a Naval studied .	The workers are mute .
contradiction	Two construction workers talk while searching at a Naval studied .	The workers are silence .
contradiction	Two silhouetted people paddling a dinghy on the marines during sunset .	people are swimming in nautical water
contradiction	Two silhouetted people paddle a canoe on the marine during sunset .	people are swimming in navy water
contradiction	Two silhouetted people paddling a dinghy on the marina during sunset .	people are swimming in oceanic water
contradiction	A group of boys playing street soccer .	A group of boys are sitting down .
contradiction	A group of boys play street soccer .	A panels of boys are sitting down .
contradiction	A group of boys playing street soccer .	A group of boys are sitting down .
contradiction	A rally in a myriad countries .	A carnival in a myriad country .
contradiction	A rally in a several country .	A carnival in a assorted countries .
contradiction	A rally in a different countries .	A carnival in a varying countries .
contradiction	A men in a blue shirt is performing a skateboard ploy near stiars while two other males watch .	Nobody has a shirt
contradiction	A man in a blue shirt is performing a skateboard trick near stiars while two other mens watch .	Nobody has a shirt
contradiction	A man in a blue shirt is performing a skateboarding ploy near stiars while two other man watch .	Nobody has a shirt
contradiction	Woman reading a book with a grocery tote .	A females is dance .
contradiction	Woman reading a book with a grocery tote .	A women is dance .
contradiction	Woman reading a book with a grocery tote .	A females is dancing .
contradiction	A golden dog passes a blue ball to another golden dog on the beach .	The dogs are refuses to share .
contradiction	A golden dog passes a blue ball to another golden dog on the beach .	The dogs are refused to share .
contradiction	A golden dog passes a blue ball to another golden dog on the beach .	The dogs are rejects to share .
contradiction	A musician play a guitar while he has the microphone inland his mouth .	The males is playing the trombone .
contradiction	A musician playing a guitar while he has the mics inside his mouth .	The masculine is playing the trombone .
contradiction	A musician play a guitar while he has the mics inside his mouth .	The masculine is playing the trombone .
contradiction	A adolescents in a maroon shirt playing next to a fountain .	The adolescence has a green shirt .
contradiction	A teenaged in a maroon shirt play next to a fountain .	The youth has a green shirt .
contradiction	A teen in a maroon shirt play next to a fountain .	The miner has a green shirt .
contradiction	A men wearing a soldering mask working on a duct .	The man is working underneath a motors .
contradiction	A male wearing a welder mask working on a duct .	The males is working underneath a vehicle .
contradiction	A man wearing a weld mask working on a duct .	The men is working underneath a autos .
contradiction	A male in a red muscle shirt poses for a picture beside a stone building whilst other people pass by .	the masculine is at home sleeping
contradiction	A male in a red muscle shirt poses for a photograph beside a stone building whilst other people pass by .	the man is at home sleeping
contradiction	A male in a red muscle shirt poses for a photo beside a stone building whilst other people pass by .	the male is at home sleeping
contradiction	A male is playing with his skateboarding on a street .	A male is sitting in a wheelchair in a hospital .
contradiction	A man is playing with his skateboarding on a street .	A man is sitting in a wheelchair in a hospital .
contradiction	A mens is play with his skateboard on a street .	A man is sitting in a wheelchair in a hospital .
contradiction	A man and wife stand at the alterations as they get matrimony .	Two people are going to a hockey game
contradiction	A male and wife stand at the changed as they get weddings .	Two people are going to a hockey game
contradiction	A male and wife stand at the alter as they get marriage .	Two people are going to a hockey game
contradiction	Someone splashing in the water .	Someone is having a picnic near the lake .
contradiction	Someone splashing in the water .	Someone is having a picnic near the lake .
contradiction	Someone splashing in the water .	Someone is having a picnic near the lake .
contradiction	Two persons are walking on the streets .	The two people re sitting interior .
contradiction	Two individuals are walking on the streets .	The two people re sitting inland .
contradiction	Two person are walking on the streets .	The two people re sitting internal .
contradiction	A boy clothed in an orange shirt and a helmet is riding a filth cycling in the timber .	A boy in orange runs through a local mall .
contradiction	A boy attired in an orange shirt and a helmet is riding a filth mopeds in the woods .	A boy in orange runs through a local mall .
contradiction	A boy attired in an orange shirt and a helmet is riding a filth bikes in the wood .	A boy in orange runs through a local mall .
contradiction	3 cyclists are races ahead of a red BMW , with the leader wearing robust white helmet and negro bicycles pants	Three people are riding horses across a course .
contradiction	3 motorcyclists are racing ahead of a red BMW , with the leader wearing robust white helmet and black cyclist pants	Three people are riding horses across a course .
contradiction	3 cyclists are race ahead of a red BMW , with the leader wearing solid white helmet and negro mopeds pants	Three people are riding horses across a course .
contradiction	People are on an escalator wait to get to their destinations while searches exterior of the glass that makes up the wall .	People are taking the elevator .
contradiction	People are on an escalator wait to get to their destination while looking outdoor of the glass that makes up the wall .	People are taking the lifts .
contradiction	People are on an escalator wait to get to their destination while searches outboard of the glass that makes up the wall .	People are taking the elevator .
contradiction	A man is searches at the camera posing for a photographing with his arm around a females who is quest away .	Two clowns attack a lion .
contradiction	A males is quest at the camera posing for a photographed with his arm around a female who is searches away .	Two clowns attacks a lion .
contradiction	A masculine is searches at the camera posing for a photographs with his arm around a woman who is searches away .	Two clowns attack a lion .
contradiction	A boy and a daughters sit at a black table , while a second boy sits near them on a windowsill .	There are boys and girls standing next to a table
contradiction	A boy and a girls sit at a negro tables , while a second boy sits near them on a windowsill .	There are boys and daughter standing next to a table
contradiction	A boy and a daughter sit at a negro tables , while a seconds boy sits near them on a windowsill .	There are boys and daughter standing next to a table
contradiction	A mens with his arm around a woman .	Two mens are hugging .
contradiction	A men with his arm around a females .	Two mens are hugging .
contradiction	A males with his arm around a females .	Two mens are hugging .
contradiction	Two mens are sitting on a couch .	Two man are standing exterior .
contradiction	Two mens are sitting on a couch .	Two men are standing outboard .
contradiction	Two men are sitting on a couch .	Two man are standing exterior .
contradiction	A young mens holding a microphone and singing .	A female is riding a motorbike exterior .
contradiction	A kids man holding a microphone and sung .	A females is riding a biking outer .
contradiction	A adolescent males holding a mics and sung .	A females is riding a bikes outboard .
contradiction	A brown and black dog rubs his face in the grass .	The dog is white and grey .
contradiction	A brown and black dog rubs his face in the grass .	The dog is white and grey .
contradiction	A brown and black dog rubs his face in the grass .	The dog is white and gray .
contradiction	A chef explains multiple varieties of Tomatoes to consumers .	THe chef is eating fried chicken .
contradiction	A chef explains diverse varieties of Tomatoes to consumers .	THe chef is eating fried chicken .
contradiction	A chef explains multiple varieties of Tomatoes to consumers .	THe chef is eating fried chicken .
contradiction	A male attired in a blue shirt , tan shorts , and a red baseball cap is sailing a red elderly automobiles with an U.S. flag attached in the rear .	Henry Ford admiring his assembly lines .
contradiction	A males attired in a blue shirt , tan shorts , and a red baseball caps is studied a red antique auto with an U.S. flag attach in the rear .	Henry Ford admiring his assembly lines .
contradiction	A male clothed in a blue shirt , tan shorts , and a red baseball chaps is surveys a red elders vehicles with an U.S. flag attached in the rear .	Henry Ford admiring his assembly lines .
contradiction	A dog pursues a duck in a pond .	A dog is sitting for his holders .
contradiction	A dog hunting a duck in a pond .	A dog is sitting for his holder .
contradiction	A dog chasing a duck in a pond .	A dog is sitting for his homeowner .
contradiction	A females is weaving with a comb in her hand .	A women is sitting with empty hands .
contradiction	A females is weaving with a comb in her hand .	A females is sitting with empty hands .
contradiction	A women is weaving with a comb in her hand .	A women is sitting with empty hands .
contradiction	Two mens in punk-style clothing stand in front of a wall .	A panel of girl getting poised for a party .
contradiction	Two men in punk-style garments stand in front of a wall .	A panel of daughters getting braced for a parties .
contradiction	Two man in punk-style garments stand in front of a wall .	A group of daughters getting braced for a party .
contradiction	Two masculine have an after dinner discussion at the dinner table .	the males are asleep in the motel
contradiction	Two male have an after dinner discussion at the dinner table .	the male are asleep in the motel
contradiction	Two masculine have an after dinner discussion at the dinner tables .	the mens are asleep in the motel
contradiction	A daughter with a bowing throwing a wet sponge .	The daughters is not throwing anything .
contradiction	A girls with a bowing throwing a wet sponge .	The girl is not throwing anything .
contradiction	A daughter with a bowing throwing a wet sponge .	The daughters is not throwing anything .
contradiction	A males in a blue helmet is riding his mopeds .	The man is sparring in the gym .
contradiction	A men in a blue helmet is riding his motorcycles .	The male is sparring in the gym .
contradiction	A man in a blue helmet is riding his motorbike .	The mens is sparring in the gym .
contradiction	A girls and a boy hugging on a bridge	Cat and dog fighting on a studied .
contradiction	A girls and a boy hugging on a bridge	Cat and dog battle on a sail .
contradiction	A daughter and a boy hugging on a bridge	Cat and dog fights on a investigate .
contradiction	The gentleman with the red bourbon shirt and black pants is speaking to a youthful lady holding a blue folder .	The gentlemen is speaking to an ancient lady .
contradiction	The gentlemen with the red whisky shirt and negro underpants is speaking to a youthful lady holding a blue folder .	The gentlemen is speaking to an old dame .
contradiction	The gentleman with the red scotsman shirt and black slacks is speaking to a miner dame holding a blue folders .	The gentleman is speaking to an antique lady .
contradiction	A juggler wearing a plaid kilt and a green shirt , juggling .	A persons rides a moped down a hill wearing trousers .
contradiction	A juggler wearing a scotland kilt and a green shirt , juggling .	A person rides a moped down a hill wearing underpants .
contradiction	A juggler wearing a plaid kilt and a green shirt , juggling .	A persons rides a biking down a hill wearing pants .
contradiction	A mens in a green shirt and a red kilt is juggling three clubs .	A man in a green shirt juggles a bear .
contradiction	A men in a green shirt and a red kilt is juggling three clubs .	A male in a green shirt juggles a bear .
contradiction	A men in a green shirt and a red kilt is juggling three clubs .	A men in a green shirt juggles a bear .
contradiction	Am men riding a very tall bicycles down the street , past a immense brick building .	A dog rides a bikes down the street .
contradiction	Am male riding a very tall bicycle down the street , past a vast brick building .	A dog rides a cycling down the street .
contradiction	Am mens riding a very tall biking down the street , past a jumbo brick building .	A dog rides a cycle down the street .
contradiction	A boy is riding down the routing between two cows .	A lonely cow is alone .
contradiction	A boy is riding down the pathway between two cattle .	A lonely cow is alone .
contradiction	A boy is riding down the pathway between two cattle .	A unique cow is alone .
contradiction	A smaller females playing hopscotch .	A girl is sitting in the snow .
contradiction	A youthful females play hopscotch .	A girl is sitting in the snow .
contradiction	A juveniles woman play hopscotch .	A daughter is sitting in the snow .
contradiction	A boy in a red jacket and balck hat sliding on his knees down a snow hill	A men is play in the snow .
contradiction	A boy in a red jacket and balck hat sliding on his knees down a snowy hill	A males is playing in the snow .
contradiction	A boy in a red jacket and balck hat sliding on his knees down a snowy hill	A masculine is play in the snow .
contradiction	A musician playing his violin .	The racing motors driver accelerating around a curve .
contradiction	A musician play his violin .	The errand auto driver velocity around a curve .
contradiction	A musician playing his violin .	The races vehicles drivers accelerates around a curve .
contradiction	A petite boy in a negro and red striped shirt walks down a grassy hill .	The boy in black and red is walking down the beach .
contradiction	A little boy in a negro and red striped shirt walks down a grassy hill .	The boy in negro and red is walking down the beach .
contradiction	A little boy in a negro and red striped shirt walks down a grassy hill .	The boy in black and red is walking down the beach .
contradiction	Boy in red and negro shirt walks through grass .	The boy has a green and purple shirt .
contradiction	Boy in red and black shirt walks through grass .	The boy has a green and purple shirt .
contradiction	Boy in red and negro shirt walks through grass .	The boy has a green and purple shirt .
contradiction	A guy in a yellow shirt performs a balances act on a teach strings near a canals .	A boy is watching a film in his living rooms .
contradiction	A guy in a yellow shirt performs a balances act on a teach string near a canals .	A boy is watching a films in his living room .
contradiction	A guy in a yellow shirt performs a balance act on a taught strings near a channels .	A boy is watching a films in his living rooms .
contradiction	A man sits outdoors with some of his belongings .	A man is internal .
contradiction	A men sits outdoors with some of his belongings .	A mens is internal .
contradiction	A mens sits outdoors with some of his belongings .	A mens is interior .
contradiction	A birthday parties for several little people to enjoy .	Children are running down the street .
contradiction	A birthday parties for myriad little people to enjoy .	Children are running down the street .
contradiction	A birthday parties for differing little people to enjoy .	Children are running down the street .
contradiction	Young boy smiles at the camera from the tires swing .	The little boy is playing videotape games
contradiction	Young boy smiles at the camera from the tires swing .	The petite boy is playing tapes games
contradiction	Young boy smiles at the camera from the tires swing .	The little boy is playing videotaping games
contradiction	Young Asian male teenage either smoking something or its an instrument .	A teenaged is taking a nap .
contradiction	Young Asian males teen either smoking something or its an instrument .	A teens is taking a nap .
contradiction	Young Asian men miners either smoke something or its an instrument .	A teen is taking a nap .
contradiction	A females and teen are on a navigator and the women is searching out into the naval through a scope .	The dame laid down for the day .
contradiction	A females and children are on a navigate and the woman is looking out into the naval through a scope .	The dame laid down for the day .
contradiction	A woman and youths are on a navigating and the females is searches out into the ocean through a scope .	The lady laid down for the day .
contradiction	A females in a bright pink jacket and jeans , with two miner smaller , also in jackets , is on the deck of a investigate using a telescopes to look out to seas .	A females has a bright white jacket .
contradiction	A female in a bright pink jacket and jeans , with two youths child , also in blazers , is on the deck of a browsing using a telescope to look out to sea .	A women has a bright white jacket .
contradiction	A women in a bright pink jacket and jeans , with two children teen , also in jackets , is on the deck of a examining using a telescopes to look out to sea .	A females has a bright white jacket .
contradiction	A dark-haired mens is smiling while in a storage unit while four other masculine stand outboard the unit watching .	Four males are eating a meal .
contradiction	A dark-haired man is smiling while in a storage unit while four other men stand outdoor the unit watching .	Four male are eating a meal .
contradiction	A dark-haired male is smiling while in a storage unit while four other mens stand outer the unit watching .	Four mens are eating a meal .
contradiction	A panel of woman sung together while wearing matches negro dresses .	Some females are knitting at the cafe .
contradiction	A panel of female sings together while wearing matching negro dresses .	Some women are knitting at the cafe .
contradiction	A panels of female sings together while wearing match negro dresses .	Some female are knitted at the cafe .
contradiction	A male reads the paper in a bar with green lighting .	The men is climb a mountain .
contradiction	A man reads the paper in a bar with green lights .	The mens is climbing a mountain .
contradiction	A male reads the paper in a bar with green illumination .	The males is climb a mountain .
contradiction	An athletes female in a grey top and black shorts , seems very focusing on her rollerblading .	boy eats sandwich
contradiction	An sportsman females in a grey top and black shorts , seems very concentrated on her rollerblading .	boy eats sandwich
contradiction	An sportsmen woman in a grey top and black shorts , seems very focusing on her rollerblading .	boy eats sandwich
contradiction	There are several asia people , one wearing a baseball caps .	There is a petite girl taking a nap .
contradiction	There are varying asia people , one wearing a baseball ceiling .	There is a petite girls taking a nap .
contradiction	There are diverse asian people , one wearing a baseball caps .	There is a small daughter taking a nap .
contradiction	Two dogs in a grassy field .	Two dogs are on a sandy beach .
contradiction	Two dogs in a grassy field .	Two dogs are on a sandy beach .
contradiction	Two dogs in a grassy field .	Two dogs are on a sandy beach .
contradiction	A men and female talk to another woman , all looking concerned , in a room being decorated with streamers and balloons .	Some people are happy to be throwing a parties .
contradiction	A males and women talk to another women , all quest concerned , in a room being decorated with streamers and balloons .	Some people are happy to be throwing a party .
contradiction	A mens and females talk to another woman , all searching concerned , in a room being decorated with banners and balloons .	Some people are happy to be throwing a parties .
contradiction	There are fifth singers on a stage , three females and two male .	The performers are play bagpipes .
contradiction	There are fifth singers on a stages , three females and two males .	The performers are play bagpipes .
contradiction	There are fifth singers on a stage , three female and two man .	The performers are play bagpipes .
contradiction	Three friends are talking .	Three people have their mouths full of food .
contradiction	Three friends are discussions .	Three people have their mouths full of food .
contradiction	Three friends are conversations .	Three people have their mouths full of food .
contradiction	A male in a white t-shirt is holding a pair of glasses .	A women is dance .
contradiction	A masculine in a white t-shirt is holding a pair of glasses .	A woman is dance .
contradiction	A males in a white t-shirt is holding a pair of goggles .	A women is dances .
contradiction	A youth juveniles boy in a blue and white striped coat gives a frail smile while walking with four other girl .	the boy is flying a plane
contradiction	A teen underage boy in a blue and white striped coat gives a frail smile while walking with four other girls .	the boy is flying a plane
contradiction	A adolescence children boy in a blue and white striped coat gives a weak smile while walking with four other daughter .	the boy is flying a plane
contradiction	A dog carries an object in the snowy .	A dog is asleep in its dog dwelling .
contradiction	A dog carries an object in the snowy .	A dog is asleep in its dog homes .
contradiction	A dog carries an object in the snow .	A dog is asleep in its dog homes .
contradiction	Two mens and one women with blond-hair walk through a door with barbed wires on top .	Two dogs are walking throught a door .
contradiction	Two masculine and one woman with blond-hair walk through a gate with barbed wiring on top .	Two dogs are walking throught a gate .
contradiction	Two masculine and one women with blond-hair walk through a door with barbed wires on top .	Two dogs are walking throught a gate .
contradiction	Little girls with very curly hairdo drinking her cup of juice .	A daughter with curly hairdo is taking a mammoth bite from a hamburger .
contradiction	Little girl with very curly hair drinking her cup of juice .	A daughter with curly hair is taking a monumental bite from a hamburger .
contradiction	Little daughter with very curly hairstyle drinking her cup of juice .	A daughters with curly hairstyle is taking a immense bite from a hamburger .
contradiction	A music concerto is happening on stage , with the illumination on spot , while the audience listens in the dark .	The people are at a play .
contradiction	A music concerto is happening on stages , with the lighting on spot , while the audience listens in the dark .	The people are at a play .
contradiction	A music concerto is happening on stages , with the lighting on spot , while the audience listens in the dark .	The people are at a playing .
contradiction	Two man are standing in a studying .	Some man are standing on top of a autos .
contradiction	Two mens are standing in a explores .	Some masculine are standing on top of a automobiles .
contradiction	Two masculine are standing in a battleship .	Some male are standing on top of a motors .
contradiction	Two boys indoor a fences jump in the plane while holding a basketball .	Two boys sit down .
contradiction	Two boys indoor a fencing jump in the airplanes while holding a basketball .	Two boys sit down .
contradiction	Two boys internal a fencing jump in the airline while holding a basketball .	Two boys sit down .
contradiction	Children playing in a shallow pool next to a vast photos of a girl 's face .	The miner are in a very deep pool .
contradiction	Children playing in a shallow pool next to a gigantic photographs of a girls 's face .	The teens are in a very deep pool .
contradiction	Children playing in a shallow pool next to a heavy photograph of a girls 's face .	The kid are in a very deep pool .
contradiction	A boy and girl adolescent swing together on a swing set .	A boy and a girl are cook breakfast .
contradiction	A boy and daughters juvenile swing together on a swing set .	A boy and a daughters are cook breakfast .
contradiction	A boy and daughter teenaged swing together on a swing set .	A boy and a girls are cooking breakfast .
contradiction	Two hussars sit perched on horses , attired in extravagant ceremonial wear , each holding a saber in their right hand , reigns to the horse in their left .	The males are drives their moped .
contradiction	Two hussars sit perched on horses , attired in extravagant ceremonial wear , each holding a sabre in their rights hand , reigns to the equestrian in their left .	The men are driving their cycling .
contradiction	Two hussars sit perched on horses , attired in extravagant ceremonial wear , each holding a saber in their rights hand , reigns to the horse in their left .	The men are drive their moped .
contradiction	A men in a bright yellow shirt juggles while riding a unicycle .	Man throws knives at unsuspecting people .
contradiction	A masculine in a bright yellow shirt juggles while riding a unicycle .	Man throws knives at unsuspecting people .
contradiction	A males in a bright yellow shirt juggles while riding a unicycle .	Man throws knives at unsuspecting people .
contradiction	two males are seen conversation , one males wears pink and another is sportsmen a t-shirt for summer school 60th anniversary .	A mens and a woman share a kiss during a candlelight dinner .
contradiction	two males are seen conversations , one male wears pink and another is sportsmen a t-shirt for summer school 60th anniversary .	A men and a female share a kiss during a candlelight dinner .
contradiction	two men are seen talking , one masculine wears pink and another is sport a t-shirt for summer school 60th anniversary .	A mens and a women share a kiss during a candlelight dinner .
contradiction	a man puts his hands up while telling an amusing tale to his friend with a beard .	Two mens row a explores out to sea .
contradiction	a mens puts his hands up while telling an amusing tales to his friend with a beard .	Two masculine row a studying out to sea .
contradiction	a mens puts his hands up while telling an amusing tale to his friend with a beard .	Two men row a battleship out to sea .
contradiction	A females in a low cutting blue shirt is in a crowded rooms that looks smokey .	Someone is in a field .
contradiction	A woman in a low chop blue shirt is in a crowded rooms that looks smokey .	Someone is in a field .
contradiction	A females in a low chop blue shirt is in a crowded room that looks smokey .	Someone is in a field .
contradiction	Three puppies are in the bathhouse being sprayed with water by a persons .	Three puppies are snuggling with their mum by the fire .
contradiction	Three puppies are in the bathtub being sprayed with water by a person .	Three puppies are snuggling with their moms by the fire .
contradiction	Three puppies are in the bathroom being sprayed with water by a persons .	Three puppies are snuggling with their mother by the fire .
contradiction	A men in a button up shirt with a negro shirt underneath presents in front of a tv .	A masculine is enjoying a cigar at a parties .
contradiction	A man in a button up shirt with a negro shirt underneath presents in front of a tvs .	A male is enjoying a cigar at a parties .
contradiction	A masculine in a button up shirt with a negro shirt underneath presents in front of a televisions .	A masculine is enjoying a cigar at a party .
contradiction	A mens standing on a street with a suitcase in front of him while another men bends down to look at what is displayed on top of it .	Two males lying on tables in the morgue .
contradiction	A male standing on a street with a luggage in front of him while another masculine bends down to look at what is displayed on top of it .	Two males lies on tables in the morgue .
contradiction	A mens standing on a street with a luggage in front of him while another mens bends down to look at what is displayed on top of it .	Two mens lurks on tables in the morgue .
contradiction	Young female is putting her clothes in the dryer portion of a doubles stacked washer and dryer unit .	Nobody is drying garments .
contradiction	Young females is putting her garments in the dryer portion of a doubles stacked washer and dryer unit .	Nobody is drying garment .
contradiction	Young females is putting her garments in the dryer portion of a double stacked washer and dryer unit .	Nobody is drying garment .
contradiction	The males is taking a photos of the beach .	the mens is inside
contradiction	The man is taking a photographs of the beach .	the man is inside
contradiction	The male is taking a photography of the beach .	the men is inside
contradiction	In an apparent classroom setting , a juvenile males in a blue t-shirt has a book on his knee while a female attired in black next to him leans in to point out something in the book .	Both of them are illiterate .
contradiction	In an apparent classroom setting , a underage masculine in a blue t-shirt has a book on his knee while a female dressed in black next to him leans in to point out something in the book .	Both of them are illiterate .
contradiction	In an apparent classroom setting , a teenaged man in a blue t-shirt has a book on his knee while a female dressed in negro next to him leans in to point out something in the book .	Both of them are illiterate .
contradiction	lady in black skirt is getting excited .	A lady is sad after the tragedy .
contradiction	lady in negro skirt is getting excited .	A lady is sad after the tragedy .
contradiction	dame in black skirt is getting excited .	A lady is sad after the tragedy .
contradiction	A masculine wearing a wife-beater sung into a microphone as a blue light shines on him .	A naked males drinks a soda in the dark .
contradiction	A man wearing a wife-beater sung into a microphone as a blue light shines on him .	A naked males beverages a soda in the dark .
contradiction	A masculine wearing a wife-beater sing into a microphone as a blue light shines on him .	A hairless males drinks a soda in the dark .
contradiction	The sun breaks through the trees as a minor rides a swing .	The teenager is riding a swing in the rain .
contradiction	The sun breaks through the trees as a juveniles rides a swing .	The youths is riding a swing in the rain .
contradiction	The sun breaks through the trees as a teen rides a swing .	The adolescent is riding a swing in the rain .
contradiction	Two masculine holding a Chinese lamps that 's yellow and red , one male has a drilling and the other is smiling .	A males and his daughters build a doghouse while the dog sits behind them .
contradiction	Two men holding a Chinese lamps that 's yellow and red , one mens has a drilling and the other is smiling .	A male and his daughter build a doghouse while the dog sits behind them .
contradiction	Two masculine holding a Chinese lamp that 's yellow and red , one man has a drill and the other is smiling .	A males and his daughters build a doghouse while the dog sits behind them .
contradiction	Some people are standing in a room around a circular reception desk .	A mens is drag a couch across the rooms so he can void .
contradiction	Some people are standing in a room around a circular reception desk .	A men is drag a couch across the rooms so he can vacuum .
contradiction	Some people are standing in a room around a circular reception desk .	A men is drag a couch across the rooms so he can void .
contradiction	Two girls are sitting on a park bench one is search at her phone and the other is searching on .	The two daughters are at school taking an inspects .
contradiction	Two daughters are sitting on a park bench one is looking at her phone and the other is looking on .	The two daughters are at school taking an inspecting .
contradiction	Two girl are sitting on a park bench one is searches at her cellphones and the other is searching on .	The two daughters are at school taking an review .
contradiction	A mens in a negro shirt working on a guitar .	A guy working on his drumming .
contradiction	A male in a negro shirt working on a guitar .	A guy working on his drumming .
contradiction	A men in a negro shirt working on a guitar .	A guy working on his drum .
contradiction	A mens in the pail of a chery-picker cuts down branches using a chainsaw at the end of a long pole .	A females is working for the telephones company .
contradiction	A mens in the pail of a chery-picker cuts down branches using a chainsaw at the end of a long poles .	A woman is working for the phone company .
contradiction	A man in the bucket of a chery-picker cuts down branches using a chainsaw at the end of a long pole .	A female is working for the telephone corporate .
contradiction	Two girl in winter jackets , knitted hats , and glvoes are outside in the snow .	The daughter are sitting in front a inner fireplace
contradiction	Two daughters in winter jerseys , knitted hats , and glvoes are outboard in the snowy .	The daughter are sitting in front a interior fireplace
contradiction	Two daughters in winter jackets , knitting hats , and glvoes are outboard in the snowy .	The girl are sitting in front a inland fireplace
contradiction	A couple dressed in coats , hats , and scarves are standing in the snow .	The couple stood on the beach together .
contradiction	A couple attired in coats , hats , and scarves are standing in the snow .	The couple stood on the beach together .
contradiction	A couple clothed in coats , hats , and scarves are standing in the snowy .	The couple stood on the beach together .
contradiction	Three black people , two masculine and one female , in the media of a little , farming street , are pile up item on top of a taxi taxis with a netted dangling down on top of the windshield , while two underage and two other people are vicinity .	The taxis has nothing on it
contradiction	Three negro people , two male and one female , in the media of a small , farming street , are piling up item on top of a taxi taxis with a net dangling down on top of the windshield , while two miner and two other people are vicinity .	The taxis has nothing on it
contradiction	Three negro people , two masculine and one females , in the middle of a small , farming street , are piling up items on top of a taxi cab with a netted dangling down on top of the windshield , while two kids and two other people are nearby .	The taxis has nothing on it
contradiction	A kid boy vocalizes in to a microphone held by a blond females in negro .	Two daughter playing the drum .
contradiction	A teen boy vocalizes in to a microphone held by a blond females in black .	Two girl play the drum .
contradiction	A juvenile boy vocalizes in to a microphone held by a blond woman in black .	Two girl playing the drum .
contradiction	A masculine clothed as an angels balance a female clothed as an angels on his thighs while she hands out papers to people passing on the sidewalk .	A man and females clothed as demons are riding moped .
contradiction	A man clothed as an angel balances a women attired as an angels on his thighs while she hands out papers to people passing on the sidewalk .	A male and female clothed as demons are riding cycle .
contradiction	A man dressed as an angel balances a females clothed as an angels on his thighs while she hands out papers to people passing on the pavement .	A men and females clothed as devils are riding motorbike .
contradiction	A youthful girl in a riding outfit is sitting on a horse holding a teddy bear .	The daughters is walking alongside the horse .
contradiction	A teenage daughters in a riding outfit is sitting on a equestrian holding a teddy bears .	The girl is walking alongside the equestrian .
contradiction	A teenager daughters in a riding outfit is sitting on a horse holding a teddy bear .	The daughters is walking alongside the horse .
contradiction	A lone mens in a blue t-shirt , jeans , and a baseball ceiling works on a roof of a dwelling laying shingles .	The unique men was watching TV
contradiction	A lonely man in a blue t-shirt , jeans , and a baseball chap works on a roof of a house laying shingles .	The exclusive males was watching TV
contradiction	A sole masculine in a blue t-shirt , jeans , and a baseball caps works on a roof of a houses laying shingles .	The solitary males was watching TV
contradiction	A enormous brown dog and a petite black dog stand near each other on a filth patch surrounding by grass and weeds .	Two white dogs are standing in a snowbank .
contradiction	A hefty brown dog and a small black dog stand near each other on a dirt patch surrounding by grass and weeds .	Two white dogs are standing in a snowbank .
contradiction	A heavy brown dog and a small negro dog stand near each other on a filth patch surrounding by grass and weeds .	Two white dogs are standing in a snowbank .
contradiction	A hand holds a colander with a petite moneys of liquids in it with a tables with bins in the background .	A town of icing sits in the distance .
contradiction	A hand holds a colander with a small amounts of fluid in it with a table with bins in the background .	A city of icing sits in the distance .
contradiction	A hand holds a strainer with a petite moneys of liquid in it with a table with bins in the background .	A city of ice sits in the distance .
contradiction	Everyone on the street in the city seem to be busy doing their own thing .	The people are watching what is happening .
contradiction	Everyone on the street in the city seem to be busy doing their own thing .	The people are watching what is happening .
contradiction	Everyone on the street in the town seem to be busy doing their own thing .	The people are watching what is happening .
contradiction	A blond masculine playing a guitar .	A bald man is playing a guitar .
contradiction	A blond men play a guitar .	A bald mens is playing a guitar .
contradiction	A blond masculine playing a guitar .	A bald male is playing a guitar .
contradiction	Four cyclists are errand on an interior racetrack all wearing the same red , white , and blue standardized .	The racetrack is outdoors .
contradiction	Four motorcyclists are errand on an inside racetrack all wearing the same red , white , and blue standardized .	The racetrack is outdoors .
contradiction	Four motorcyclists are errand on an internal racetrack all wearing the identical red , white , and blue standardized .	The racetrack is outdoors .
contradiction	A females in an American servicemen uniformed sits at a tables and writes the words `` sad , '' `` depressed , '' and `` hatred '' on a enormous sheet of white paper .	A women in an American green serviceman uniform is smiling .
contradiction	A women in an American military standardized sits at a table and writes the words `` sad , '' `` depressed , '' and `` hatred '' on a hefty sheet of white paper .	A female in an American green serviceman uniform is smiling .
contradiction	A women in an American servicemen uniforms sits at a table and writes the words `` sad , '' `` depressed , '' and `` hatred '' on a monumental sheet of white paper .	A women in an American green solider uniforms is smiling .
contradiction	A female in an American solider uniformed sits at a table and writes the words `` sad , '' `` depressed , '' and `` hatred '' on a large sheet of white paper .	A females is dives off a mountain .
contradiction	A female in an American serviceman uniformed sits at a tables and writes the words `` sad , '' `` depressed , '' and `` hatred '' on a big sheet of white paper .	A woman is dive off a mountain .
contradiction	A women in an American soldier uniform sits at a tables and writes the words `` sad , '' `` depressed , '' and `` hatred '' on a huge sheet of white paper .	A women is dive off a mountain .
contradiction	A females in a US military uniform is writing on a big piece of white paper with a black magic marker while others are sitting at table around her .	A woman is writing on a rock
contradiction	A females in a US soldier standardized is writing on a massive piece of white paper with a negro magic marker while others are sitting at table around her .	A woman is writing on a rock
contradiction	A females in a US military standardized is write on a immense piece of white paper with a negro magic marker while others are sitting at tables around her .	A female is writing on a rock
contradiction	A man sitting on steps with a underage as a spectator walks by .	A male and a minor watched TV .
contradiction	A man sitting on steps with a minor as a bystander walks by .	A man and a teenaged watched TV .
contradiction	A masculine sitting on steps with a teenagers as a bystander walks by .	A mens and a adolescent watched TV .
contradiction	A youthful girl in a white t-shirt and a blue skirt wearing a light colored hat stands in a river next to a huge rock .	The girls is swimming in the river .
contradiction	A young girl in a white t-shirt and a blue skirt wearing a light colored hat stands in a river next to a massive rock .	The girl is swim in the river .
contradiction	A teenager daughter in a white t-shirt and a blue skirt wearing a light colored hat stands in a river next to a vast rock .	The daughters is swim in the river .
contradiction	There is a Victorian style building in the background , and in the foreground is a lake where a tiny paddling inquires sits with three people in it .	The pond is too shallow for any boating .
contradiction	There is a Victorian style building in the background , and in the foreground is a lake where a tiny paddle browse sits with three people in it .	The pond is too shallow for any boating .
contradiction	There is a Victorian style building in the background , and in the foreground is a lake where a tiny paddle yachting sits with three people in it .	The pond is too shallow for any boating .
contradiction	One male wearing a pink and blue striped shirt , work gloves , and holding a yellow harsh hat .	Nobody has a shirt on
contradiction	One male wearing a pink and blue striped shirt , work gloves , and holding a yellow tough hat .	Nobody has a shirt on
contradiction	One men wearing a pink and blue striped shirt , work gloves , and holding a yellow tough hat .	Nobody has a shirt on
contradiction	Woman is search something .	A female is blinded .
contradiction	Woman is search something .	A women is blind .
contradiction	Woman is searches something .	A females is blind .
contradiction	a lone snowboarder jumping in airplanes with a snow covered mine in the background	A individuals is skiing behind a football field
contradiction	a single snowboarder jumping in jets with a snow covered mine in the background	A individuals is skiing behind a football field
contradiction	a single snowboarder jumping in air with a snow covered mine in the background	A person is skiing behind a football field
contradiction	A fishers using a laptops on a browsing .	A harvester is slumber on his explores .
contradiction	A harvester using a cellphone on a ships .	A fisher is slept on his exploring .
contradiction	A harvester using a notepad on a browse .	A fisher is slumber on his survey .
contradiction	A men in an apron smiles as he pokes a frying donut with a petite metal stick .	The men is wash his vehicles .
contradiction	A male in an apron smiles as he pokes a frying donut with a petite metals stick .	The mens is washes his motors .
contradiction	A mens in an apron smiles as he pokes a frying donut with a little metals stick .	The mens is washes his autos .
contradiction	A man getting a panel of youths to move around and have fun .	A masculine sitting on a couch with kid .
contradiction	A masculine getting a grouping of teenage to move around and have fun .	A masculine sitting on a couch with kids .
contradiction	A mens getting a panels of teenage to move around and have fun .	A males sitting on a couch with youngsters .
contradiction	A tractor decorated as a float for a parade	a lawnmover is being repaired
contradiction	A tractor decorated as a float for a parade	a lawnmover is being repaired
contradiction	A tractor decorated as a float for a parade	a lawnmover is being repaired
contradiction	Men playing hockey .	Aliens play
contradiction	Men play hockey .	Aliens play
contradiction	Men playing hockey .	Aliens play
contradiction	A dog leaps into the air for a tennis ball .	A dog is pursues a frisbee .
contradiction	A dog leaps into the airplanes for a tennis ball .	A dog is hunted a frisbee .
contradiction	A dog leaps into the aeroplane for a tennis ball .	A dog is hunt a frisbee .
contradiction	A female with a blond ponytail and a white hat is riding a white equestrian , indoor a fencing with a horned cow .	The horse is being ridden by a men .
contradiction	A women with a blond ponytail and a white hat is riding a white equestrian , indoor a fences with a horned cow .	The horse is being ridden by a males .
contradiction	A female with a blond ponytail and a white hat is riding a white horse , inland a fencing with a horned cow .	The equestrian is being ridden by a man .
contradiction	An entertainers reaches out to his audience during a performance .	A man juggling flaming torches .
contradiction	An entertainers reaches out to his audience during a performance .	A male juggling flaming torches .
contradiction	An entertainers reaches out to his audience during a performance .	A man juggling flaming torches .
contradiction	A daughters playfully kicks a guy in the face while another persons makes confronts .	The boy is at a boxing matching .
contradiction	A girls playfully karate a guy in the face while another persons makes faces .	The boy is at a boxing matches .
contradiction	A girl playfully karate a guy in the face while another persons makes confronts .	The boy is at a boxing match .
contradiction	A dog attacking a masculine wearing defensive gear .	The dog rolled around in the grass .
contradiction	A dog attacking a masculine wearing defensive gear .	The dog rolled around in the grass .
contradiction	A dog attacking a mens wearing protects gear .	The dog rolled around in the grass .
contradiction	a brown and negro attack dog being trained by a masculine holding a stick	A dog is being put down at the vet clinic .
contradiction	a brown and black attacks dog being trained by a men holding a stick	A dog is being put down at the vet clinic .
contradiction	a brown and black attack dog being trained by a masculine holding a stick	A dog is being put down at the vet clinic .
contradiction	A skier goes down a hill with a mountain as a backdrop .	A surf riding a wave .
contradiction	A skier goes down a hill with a mountain as a backdrop .	A surf riding a wave .
contradiction	A skier goes down a hill with a mountain as a backdrop .	A surfing riding a wave .
contradiction	An elderly black males sitting on a couple of grocery crates play the string guitar during the day .	Every instrument visible is a woodwind .
contradiction	An elder negro mens sitting on a couple of grocery crates play the chain guitar during the day .	Every instrument visible is a woodwind .
contradiction	An seniors negro mens sitting on a couple of grocery crates play the string guitar during the day .	Every instrument visible is a woodwind .
contradiction	A female in tennis clothing running to hit a ball with her tennis racket .	Pete Sampras plays tennis .
contradiction	A female in tennis apparel running to hit a ball with her tennis racket .	Pete Sampras plays tennis .
contradiction	A woman in tennis sportswear running to hit a ball with her tennis racket .	Pete Sampras plays tennis .
contradiction	A worker clothed in threats orange , face-down in an openings street work .	The mens in black is climb the stairs .
contradiction	A worker attired in threat orange , face-down in an opened street work .	The males in negro is climb the stairs .
contradiction	A worker attired in hazards orange , face-down in an opening street work .	The man in black is climbing the stairs .
contradiction	A men in a brown shirt and blue shorts walking in Droney Park .	A masculine jogs through the wood .
contradiction	A male in a brown shirt and blue shorts walking in Droney Park .	A mens jogs through the timber .
contradiction	A mens in a brown shirt and blue shorts walking in Droney Park .	A mens jogs through the lumber .
contradiction	A smiling masculine with gray hairstyle and spectacles , attired in black , is sitting in a chair with a music stand in front of him .	This bald masculine stands bare in protest of fur for fashion .
contradiction	A smiling male with gray hairdo and eyeglasses , attired in black , is sitting in a chair with a music stand in front of him .	This bald male stands naked in protest of fur for fashion .
contradiction	A smiling male with gray hairdo and sunglasses , clothed in negro , is sitting in a chairs with a music stand in front of him .	This bald masculine stands nude in protesting of fur for fashion .
contradiction	A guy taking a nap in the back of a automobile .	A masculine is drives a truck blindfolded .
contradiction	A guy taking a nap in the back of a cars .	A mens is driving a truck blindfolded .
contradiction	A guy taking a nap in the back of a vehicle .	A masculine is drive a truck blindfolded .
contradiction	A baby is looking into what looks like a telescope .	A baby is playing with a smartphone .
contradiction	A baby is looking into what looks like a telescopes .	A baby is play with a smartphone .
contradiction	A baby is looking into what looks like a telescope .	A baby is play with a smartphone .
contradiction	A little girls on a piece of playground equipment	A dog watches tvs .
contradiction	A petite daughters on a piece of playground equipment	A dog watches tvs .
contradiction	A small daughter on a piece of playground equipment	A dog watches televisions .
contradiction	A female on stages holding a microphone standing by a mens .	Two people are lying on a couch
contradiction	A woman on stages holding a microphone standing by a men .	Two people are lie on a couch
contradiction	A female on stage holding a microphone standing by a men .	Two people are lying on a couch
contradiction	A mens in a short Mohawk and beard .	There is a men with a ponytail and a mustache .
contradiction	A men in a short Mohawk and beard .	There is a males with a ponytail and a mustache .
contradiction	A mens in a short Mohawk and beard .	There is a male with a ponytail and a mustache .
contradiction	A small boy wearing a yellow , white and black striped shirt is whispering a hid to a little girl wearing a white long sleeved-shirt .	The little boy is yelling at the girl in the white shirt .
contradiction	A small boy wearing a yellow , white and black striped shirt is whispering a camouflaged to a small girls wearing a white lengthy sleeved-shirt .	The small boy is screaming at the girls in the white shirt .
contradiction	A small boy wearing a yellow , white and black striped shirt is whispering a concealed to a petite daughter wearing a white lengthy sleeved-shirt .	The little boy is shrieking at the daughters in the white shirt .
contradiction	A females is posing in a meadow next to an older truck .	A woman is posing in the forestry near a bike .
contradiction	A female is posing in a meadow next to an antique truck .	A woman is posing in the woodland near a bicycling .
contradiction	A females is posing in a meadow next to an elders truck .	A women is posing in the forests near a bike .
contradiction	Blond female working wearing gloves .	A redhead working wearing gloves .
contradiction	Blond females working wearing gloves .	A redhead working wearing gloves .
contradiction	Blond females working wearing gloves .	A redhead working wearing gloves .
contradiction	A woman in a green shirt is working within a big amounts of flora that is at assorted stage of maturity .	All vegetation the females is working with is the identical aging .
contradiction	A female in a green shirt is working within a overwhelming quantities of vegetation that is at varied stages of maturity .	All vegetation the woman is working with is the identical archaic .
contradiction	A women in a green shirt is working within a immense amounts of flora that is at diverse stages of maturity .	All flora the females is working with is the same elderly .
contradiction	Three daughters jumping in front of a housing 's flowers garden .	The daughters are play on a street .
contradiction	Three girl jumping in front of a dwelling 's flower garden .	The daughter are playing on a street .
contradiction	Three girl jumping in front of a house 's flower garden .	The girls are play on a street .
contradiction	A teenager redheaded girls , wearing a yellow shirt , black breeches , and sneakers , jumping in a grassy field with blue sky and wispy clouds in the background .	A boy jumps in a grassy field
contradiction	A kids redheaded daughter , wearing a yellow shirt , negro trousers , and sneakers , jumping in a grassy field with blue sky and wispy clouds in the background .	A boy jumps in a grassy field
contradiction	A kids redheaded girls , wearing a yellow shirt , black breeches , and sneakers , jumping in a grassy field with blue skies and wispy clouds in the background .	A boy jumps in a grassy field
contradiction	A panel of people in red sportswear with scooters ride down the hill on rollerblades .	Everyone is wearing green clothing .
contradiction	A panel of people in red garments with scooters ride down the hill on rollerblades .	Everyone is wearing green sportswear .
contradiction	A group of people in red garments with scooters ride down the hill on rollerblades .	Everyone is wearing green garments .
contradiction	Four miner masculine stare up at a basketball hoop with no netted , in an outboard , urban basketball courts .	A groups of women playing basketball in a gym .
contradiction	Four teenager males stare up at a basketball hoop with no net , in an outboard , urban basketball court .	A panel of woman play basketball in a gym .
contradiction	Four teens mens stare up at a basketball hoop with no netted , in an outer , urban basketball court .	A panel of women playing basketball in a gym .
contradiction	a ballerina striking a pose in the studio .	The ballerina is outdoors .
contradiction	a ballerina striking a pose in the studio .	The ballerina is outdoors .
contradiction	a ballerina striking a pose in the studio .	The ballerina is outdoors .
contradiction	Four minor pose on a stages .	Several little people are breaking into a theater .
contradiction	Four youths pose on a stage .	Several little people are breaking into a theater .
contradiction	Four youth pose on a stage .	Several petite people are breaking into a theater .
contradiction	People in bathing suits bend down and reach into the water of a lake .	A spaniel is sitting .
contradiction	People in bathing suits bend down and reach into the water of a lake .	A schnauzer is sitting .
contradiction	People in bathing suits bend down and reach into the water of a lake .	A rottweiler is sitting .
contradiction	A boy attired in a scotch kilt with a brown hat wields a lengthy pole .	The boy is holding a samurai saber .
contradiction	A boy clothed in a scotsman kilt with a brown hat wields a lengthy pole .	The boy is holding a samurai sabre .
contradiction	A boy dressed in a whisky kilt with a brown hat wields a lengthy pole .	The boy is holding a samurai sabre .
contradiction	Two women 's volleyball teams are compete against each other on a salmon-colored and turquoise courts while a umpire in negro clocks .	ten boys play cricket
contradiction	Two females 's volleyball teams are competing against each other on a salmon-colored and turquoise court while a referees in black watches .	ten boys play cricket
contradiction	Two female 's volleyball teams are competing against each other on a salmon-colored and turquoise court while a referees in black watches .	ten boys playing cricket
contradiction	A female in white climbs up a metallic structure .	A women is asleep .
contradiction	A woman in white climbs up a metal structure .	A females is asleep .
contradiction	A women in white climbs up a metallic structure .	A women is asleep .
contradiction	A persons is squatting down near buckets , holding something in one hand .	Someone is standing with a bucket on their head .
contradiction	A person is squatting down near buckets , holding something in one hand .	Someone is standing with a bucket on their head .
contradiction	A persons is squatting down near buckets , holding something in one hand .	Someone is standing with a bucket on their head .
contradiction	An oriental females cleanup timber outside from a bucket .	A man is cleaning wood .
contradiction	An oriental females cleaning lumber outer from a pail .	A man is cleaning woods .
contradiction	An oriental females cleaning woods outdoor from a bucket .	A masculine is cleanliness timber .
contradiction	A masculine with a blue , collared shirt sits in front of another masculine .	a mens is laying at the bach
contradiction	A mens with a blue , collared shirt sits in front of another masculine .	a men is laying at the bach
contradiction	A mens with a blue , collared shirt sits in front of another man .	a man is laying at the bach
contradiction	Older male wearing dark blue garment sweep the ground and a person wearing a red coat and carry a green wallets entering the building .	An older masculine is sitting at a cafe drinking coffee
contradiction	Older males wearing dark blue garments sweeping the ground and a person wearing a red coat and carry a green handbag entering the building .	An age masculine is sitting at a cafe drinking coffee
contradiction	Older males wearing dark blue clothes sweep the ground and a persons wearing a red coat and carry a green pockets entering the building .	An aged mens is sitting at a cafe drinking coffee
contradiction	A male is on a skateboarding jumping from a short ledge onto the sidewalk .	The men is walking with his skateboard on the street .
contradiction	A male is on a skateboarding jumping from a short ledge onto the pavement .	The male is walking with his skateboarding on the street .
contradiction	A mens is on a skateboard jumping from a short ledge onto the pavement .	The man is walking with his skateboarding on the street .
contradiction	A women in a bathing suit is sitting on a wharf over a bodies of water .	A females is swimming in her pool .
contradiction	A women in a bathing suit is sitting on a dock over a agency of water .	A women is swim in her pool .
contradiction	A women in a bathing suit is sitting on a wharf over a organ of water .	A female is swim in her pool .
contradiction	A petite boy with a blue cycling helmet and a women in a green biking helmet are riding biking down a street with other diverse motorcycles riders .	A grouping of people are adjustment a motorcycles tires .
contradiction	A small boy with a blue motorbike helmet and a woman in a green motorcycles helmet are riding bicycle down a street with other assorted bicycling riders .	A group of people are adjusting a motorcycle tire .
contradiction	A small boy with a blue cyclist helmet and a woman in a green moped helmet are riding bicycling down a street with other different motorbike riders .	A panel of people are adjustments a cycling tires .
contradiction	A girls is roughly to hit a tennis ball coming from above her with a racket	The girls is swimming .
contradiction	A daughter is approximately to hit a tennis ball coming from above her with a racket	The daughter is swim .
contradiction	A daughters is roughly to hit a tennis ball coming from above her with a racket	The girl is swim .
contradiction	Six people in mid-evil style costumes wearing stilts of diverse lengths pass by a groups of bystanders .	Six people are naked .
contradiction	Six people in mid-evil style costumes wearing stilts of many length pass by a group of onlookers .	Six people are naked .
contradiction	Six people in mid-evil style costumes wearing stilts of myriad length pass by a groups of onlookers .	Six people are bare .
contradiction	A youthful mens is running while play tennis against another persons .	An age woman sits on a bench .
contradiction	A kid mens is running while playing tennis against another individuals .	An seniors female sits on a bench .
contradiction	A teen male is running while playing tennis against another person .	An seniors women sits on a bench .
contradiction	A women with a cart of eggs walks in a marketplace .	A woman with an empty cart knocks over an eggs carton
contradiction	A women with a cart of eggs walks in a markets .	A female with an hollow cart knocks over an egg carton
contradiction	A women with a cart of eggs walks in a market .	A female with an empty cart knocks over an egg carton
contradiction	Two woman , standing at a fences , are each talking on their telephone , while two man sitting on the converse side of the fence are having a talking .	Four people are discussions to each other outside .
contradiction	Two woman , standing at a fences , are each discussions on their telephone , while two male sitting on the opposite side of the fences are having a conversation .	Four people are talking to each other outboard .
contradiction	Two women , standing at a fencing , are each conversations on their telephones , while two masculine sitting on the converse side of the fence are having a conversation .	Four people are discussions to each other exterior .
contradiction	Two woman , standing at a fencing , are each conversations on their cellphones , while two mens sitting on the opposite side of the fence are having a conversations .	The two masculine and females are conversation to people that they know .
contradiction	Two women , standing at a fences , are each discussions on their phones , while two men sitting on the opposite side of the fence are having a talking .	The two men and women are conversation to people that they know .
contradiction	Two female , standing at a fencing , are each conversation on their cellphones , while two males sitting on the opposite side of the fence are having a conversation .	The two male and female are conversation to people that they know .
contradiction	A lady in the kitchen cleanliness her footing on a chopping board with a red towel , or red apron , with her husband standing there .	A dame is climb a rope .
contradiction	A lady in the kitchen cleanliness her foot on a chopping board with a red towel , or red apron , with her husband standing there .	A dame is climb a rope .
contradiction	A dame in the kitchen cleaning her feet on a chopping board with a red towel , or red apron , with her husband standing there .	A dame is climb a rope .
contradiction	A man in a servicemen uniforms is walking away from a line of solider cars .	A military mens is running inside the line of serviceman vehicle
contradiction	A men in a soldier uniformed is walking away from a line of military car .	A servicemen men is running inner the line of solider vehicle
contradiction	A man in a soldier uniform is walking away from a line of military auto .	A servicemen men is running inner the line of soldier vehicle
contradiction	A illuminated daughter splashes around in natural water .	The girl is sitting inside .
contradiction	A illuminated daughters splashes around in natural water .	The daughter is sitting interior .
contradiction	A lit girls splashes around in natural water .	The girl is sitting interior .
contradiction	Two man on opposing teams are play soccer in a field .	A man crochets .
contradiction	Two males on oppose teams are playing soccer in a field .	A men crochets .
contradiction	Two man on oppose teams are play soccer in a field .	A male crochets .
contradiction	A brown dog and a negro and white dog are running over grassy hills .	one cat sleeps
contradiction	A brown dog and a negro and white dog are running over grassy hills .	one cat sleeps
contradiction	A brown dog and a negro and white dog are running over grassy hills .	one cat sleeps
contradiction	Three fireman come out of metro station .	Three firefighting play cards inside a fire station .
contradiction	Three fireman come out of underpass station .	Three firemen play valentines interior a fire station .
contradiction	Three firemen come out of subway station .	Three fireman play card inland a fire station .
contradiction	People are riding biking in the street , and they are all wearing helmets .	A panel of friends are grabbing their moped , getting ready for the morning bicycles ride
contradiction	People are riding cyclist in the street , and they are all wearing helmets .	A grouping of friends are grabbing their motorcycle , getting prepared for the morning mopeds ride
contradiction	People are riding biking in the street , and they are all wearing helmets .	A groups of friends are grabbing their motorcycles , getting poised for the morning bike ride
contradiction	Two dogs are running next to each other on a grassy hill .	The dogs are eating their food indoors .
contradiction	Two dogs are running next to each other on a grassy hill .	The dogs are eating their food indoors .
contradiction	Two dogs are running next to each other on a grassy hill .	The dogs are eating their food indoors .
contradiction	Young people are standing around a drum at a parties .	A drum is in a museum .
contradiction	Young people are standing around a drumming at a party .	A drum is in a museum .
contradiction	Young people are standing around a drumming at a party .	A drums is in a museum .
contradiction	A individuals with dark hairstyle in a white shirt is sitting in a chair in water with a `` swim at your owned risk '' sign on the wall .	a male jumps out of a plane
contradiction	A persons with dark hairdo in a white shirt is sitting in a chairs in water with a `` swimming at your owned dangers '' sign on the wall .	a men jumps out of a plane
contradiction	A persons with dark hairdo in a white shirt is sitting in a chairs in water with a `` swim at your owned threat '' sign on the wall .	a men jumps out of a plane
contradiction	A white man in a red shirt riding a moped .	A woman wears a shirt on a unicycle .
contradiction	A white male in a red shirt riding a motorcycles .	A women wears a shirt on a unicycle .
contradiction	A white males in a red shirt riding a motorcycle .	A females wears a shirt on a unicycle .
contradiction	Several people have gathered behind a panel of other people who are sitting around a table .	There is a grouping of people behind another groups of people secret underneath a table .
contradiction	Several people have gathered behind a grouping of other people who are sitting around a tables .	There is a grouping of people behind another group of people disguised underneath a table .
contradiction	Several people have gathered behind a panel of other people who are sitting around a table .	There is a group of people behind another groups of people covert underneath a tables .
contradiction	A young girl poses with a trophy in the park .	A boy poses with his trophy .
contradiction	A teenagers daughter poses with a trophy in the park .	A boy poses with his trophy .
contradiction	A juveniles daughters poses with a trophy in the park .	A boy poses with his trophy .
contradiction	Two mens are shirtless on the beach on a beautiful day .	Men are riding cyclist .
contradiction	Two males are shirtless on the beach on a beautiful day .	Men are riding cyclist .
contradiction	Two males are shirtless on the beach on a beautiful day .	Men are riding motorcycle .
contradiction	People at a farmer 's marketplace .	People are at a grocery store .
contradiction	People at a farmer 's markets .	People are at a grocery boutique .
contradiction	People at a farmer 's marketplace .	People are at a grocery store .
contradiction	Four people enjoying an art exhibit .	Four people are at a bar
contradiction	Four people enjoying an art exhibit .	Four people are at a bar
contradiction	Four people enjoying an art exhibit .	Four people are at a bar
contradiction	Man with negro shirt and goggles makes something out of a balloon .	A women cuts celery .
contradiction	Man with black shirt and glasses makes something out of a balloon .	A woman cuts celery .
contradiction	Man with negro shirt and eyeglasses makes something out of a balloon .	A woman cuts celery .
contradiction	A media oriental market .	An American theatre .
contradiction	A middle eastern markets .	An American theaters .
contradiction	A medium eastern markets .	An American theatre .
contradiction	this Man , with a Red & White Shirt has Water Bottles on this White Truck .	the cat jumps in the water
contradiction	this Man , with a Red & White Shirt has Water Bottles on this White Truck .	the cat jumps in the water
contradiction	this Man , with a Red & White Shirt has Water Bottles on this White Truck .	the cat jumps in the water
contradiction	A petite blond boy is playing drug with red , blue , and yellow toy gear .	Boy sawing a piece of wooden in half .
contradiction	A little blond boy is play doctor with red , blue , and yellow toy gear .	Boy sawing a piece of woods in half .
contradiction	A petite blond boy is play drugs with red , blue , and yellow toy gear .	Boy sawing a piece of woods in half .
contradiction	The team swift moves their classical inquires down the river .	The studied has sunk
contradiction	The team quick moves their traditional investigate down the river .	The navigator has sunk
contradiction	The team promptly moves their traditional investigate down the river .	The boats has sunk
contradiction	A young mens holding a children female in his armed as they get splashed by water shooting up from a fountain .	A couple eat sandwiches together .
contradiction	A adolescent men holding a minors women in his weapon as they get splashed by water shooting up from a fountain .	A couple eat sandwiches together .
contradiction	A adolescents men holding a teenage woman in his gun as they get splashed by water shooting up from a fountain .	A couple eat sandwiches together .
contradiction	A crowd in which two male are wearing Santa Claus Hats are celebrating Christmas exterior of a Bank of America and a Christmas trees .	A crowd of people is celebrating Easter .
contradiction	A crowd in which two male are wearing Santa Claus Hats are celebrating Christmas exterior of a Bank of America and a Christmas tree .	A crowd of people is celebrating Easter .
contradiction	A crowd in which two male are wearing Santa Claus Hats are celebrating Christmas outdoor of a Bank of America and a Christmas trees .	A crowd of people is celebrating Easter .
contradiction	A bicyclist is attempting a trick on a wires in a tropical location .	A person is riding their cycle through the grocery store .
contradiction	A bicyclist is attempting a trick on a wiring in a tropical location .	A individuals is riding their motorcycles through the grocery store .
contradiction	A bicyclist is attempting a trick on a cable in a tropical location .	A persons is riding their bikes through the grocery store .
contradiction	Two people are sitting in a chairs a dame reading and a men looking to his phone	The male and women are standing by a river .
contradiction	Two people are sitting in a chairs a dame reading and a males search to his phone	The men and woman are standing by a river .
contradiction	Two people are sitting in a chair a dame reading and a man search to his phone	The mens and woman are standing by a river .
contradiction	people are sitting on a bench in front of buildings .	Two mimes pretend to be sitting on benches interior a museum .
contradiction	people are sitting on a bench in front of buildings .	Two mimes pretend to be sitting on benches inland a museum .
contradiction	people are sitting on a bench in front of buildings .	Two mimes pretend to be sitting on benches indoor a museum .
contradiction	people sitting on saddles searching outdoor .	People look at a movie screen .
contradiction	people sitting on stools searching outboard .	People look at a cinema screen .
contradiction	people sitting on feces search outer .	People look at a films screen .
contradiction	A children woman wearing jeans , a white t-shirt and a hat , performs a high flying ploy on a bicycle at an outboard cyclist park .	Woman sets motorbike on fire .
contradiction	A teenage female wearing jeans , a white t-shirt and a hat , performs a high flying trick on a motorbikes at an outboard motorbikes park .	Woman sets mopeds on fire .
contradiction	A child woman wearing jeans , a white t-shirt and a hat , performs a high flying ploy on a motorbike at an exterior motorbikes park .	Woman sets bicycles on fire .
contradiction	At minimum eight people are sitting at a tables in a building that forgets the city .	People sitting on the floor
contradiction	At minimal eight people are sitting at a table in a building that ignoring the town .	People sitting on the floor
contradiction	At least eight people are sitting at a table in a building that ignores the town .	People sitting on the floor
contradiction	A petite boy in a blue shirt is putting some glasses up to a window while a lady clocks him .	A girl puts on some sunglasses
contradiction	A petite boy in a blue shirt is putting some glasses up to a window while a dame clocks him .	A girls puts on some sunglasses
contradiction	A small boy in a blue shirt is putting some sunglasses up to a window while a lady watches him .	A girl puts on some sunglasses
contradiction	Men in an office with computers and a projector screen .	The mens are at the gym .
contradiction	Men in an office with computers and a spotlights screen .	The masculine are at the gym .
contradiction	Men in an office with computers and a spotlights screen .	The males are at the gym .
contradiction	a female in a negro shirt search at a bicycles .	A woman in green sleeps on a couch .
contradiction	a woman in a black shirt looking at a cycle .	A women in green sleeps on a couch .
contradiction	a female in a black shirt looking at a motorbikes .	A females in green sleeps on a couch .
contradiction	Two youth in black trunks bouncing on a wet trampoline .	Two kids are building a trampoline from scratch .
contradiction	Two young in negro trunks bouncing on a wet trampoline .	Two child are building a trampoline from scratch .
contradiction	Two adolescent in black trunks bouncing on a wet trampoline .	Two adolescents are building a trampoline from scratch .
contradiction	Two males soccer gamers on opposed teams are trying to get the soccer ball .	Two females compete in a tennis matches .
contradiction	Two males soccer players on oppose teams are trying to get the soccer ball .	Two females competing in a tennis matches .
contradiction	Two mens soccer players on opposed teams are trying to get the soccer ball .	Two females competing in a tennis matches .
contradiction	A man with negro garment is sweeping steps with a broom .	The man has white garments .
contradiction	A man with negro clothing is sweeping steps with a broom .	The male has white apparel .
contradiction	A masculine with negro sportswear is sweeping steps with a broom .	The masculine has white clothes .
contradiction	Numerous client survey for produce in a market .	People are showering .
contradiction	Numerous client browsing for produce in a markets .	People are showering .
contradiction	Numerous customers sailing for produce in a marketplace .	People are showering .
contradiction	A boy wearing a shirt with an American flag plays with a basketball on the blacktop .	The boy is asleep in bed .
contradiction	A boy wearing a shirt with an American flag plays with a basketball on the blacktop .	The boy is asleep in bed .
contradiction	A boy wearing a shirt with an American flag plays with a basketball on the blacktop .	The boy is asleep in bed .
contradiction	A U.S. military aid a miner daughter in the hands of her father , while other soldiers look on .	The girls is by herself .
contradiction	A U.S. solider aided a minor girl in the hands of her father , while other soldiers look on .	The girls is by herself .
contradiction	A U.S. solider assisting a teenage daughter in the hands of her fathers , while other soldiers look on .	The girl is by herself .
contradiction	Taking a break to watch some TV	Taking a neverending break
contradiction	Taking a break to watch some TV	Taking a neverending break
contradiction	Taking a break to watch some TV	Taking a neverending break
contradiction	Four men play drumming in very orange lights while one of them is also drinking something out of a bottle .	the men are asleep in the motel
contradiction	Four men playing drum in very orange lighting while one of them is also drinking something out of a bottle .	the masculine are asleep in the motel
contradiction	Four men playing drumming in very orange lights while one of them is also drinking something out of a bottle .	the males are asleep in the motel
contradiction	A brown dog persues a Frisbee across the grass as the thrower clocks .	A dog goes to the vet .
contradiction	A brown dog persues a Frisbee across the grass as the thrower clocks .	A dog goes to the vet .
contradiction	A brown dog persues a Frisbee across the grass as the thrower watches .	A dog goes to the vet .
contradiction	A boy clothed in a dark shirt carries a blue handbags over his shoulder and a green bucket .	A boy is sitting still .
contradiction	A boy clothed in a dark shirt carries a blue wallets over his shoulder and a green pail .	A boy is sitting still .
contradiction	A boy attired in a dark shirt carries a blue wallets over his shoulder and a green bucket .	A boy is sitting still .
contradiction	A males with a white beard speaks into a microphone wearing a long-sleeved grey button down shirt .	A mens with a white beard is sitting quietly on a couch .
contradiction	A male with a white beard speaks into a mics wearing a long-sleeved grey button down shirt .	A man with a white beard is sitting quietly on a couch .
contradiction	A masculine with a white beard speaks into a microphone wearing a long-sleeved grey button down shirt .	A male with a white beard is sitting quietly on a couch .
contradiction	A males in a grey coat is walking on a fallen tree trunk in a woodland .	Two girl play labelled in a forester .
contradiction	A man in a grey coat is walking on a fallen tree trunk in a forester .	Two daughters play label in a forester .
contradiction	A masculine in a grey coat is walking on a fallen tree trunk in a forestry .	Two daughter playing tagging in a forestry .
contradiction	A men in a jacket wearing negro boots walking on the truck of a fallen tree over a ravine .	A man stands in his room .
contradiction	A men in a jacket wearing black boots walking on the truck of a fallen trees over a ravine .	A males stands in his room .
contradiction	A masculine in a jacket wearing negro boots walking on the truck of a fallen tree over a ravine .	A man stands in his rooms .
contradiction	A dame is encouragement something to the other two daughters .	A masculine is boasting approximately something at a bar .
contradiction	A lady is encourages something to the other two girls .	A man is boasting about something at a bar .
contradiction	A lady is promotions something to the other two girls .	A masculine is boasting approximately something at a bar .
contradiction	Some miner are wrestling on an inflatable raft	Some miners playing with a jet-ski .
contradiction	Some youngsters are wrestling on an inflatable raft	Some adolescents playing with a jet-ski .
contradiction	Some teenage are wrestling on an inflatable raft	Some adolescence play with a jet-ski .
contradiction	Young boys in green and blue blazers kick around a soccer ball while other soccer games take placing in the background .	Young boys throwing a baseball at a baseball field .
contradiction	Young boys in green and blue jerseys kick around a soccer ball while other soccer game take place in the background .	Young boys throwing a baseball at a baseball field .
contradiction	Young boys in green and blue jerseys kick around a soccer ball while other soccer game take place in the background .	Young boys throwing a baseball at a baseball field .
contradiction	A grouping of Asian daughter are standing together .	There are boys standing together .
contradiction	A panels of Asian daughters are standing together .	There are boys standing together .
contradiction	A group of Asian girls are standing together .	There are boys standing together .
contradiction	A cheerful boy rides a improvised sled down a snowy hill .	Do n't stocks up and have fun with the sled
contradiction	A cheerful boy rides a improvised sled down a snow hill .	Do n't stocks up and have fun with the sled
contradiction	A cheerful boy rides a improvised sled down a snow hill .	Do n't stocks up and have fun with the sled
contradiction	Two girl kiss a masculine with a negro shirt and brown hair on the cheeks .	Two girls kiss .
contradiction	Two daughter kissing a man with a black shirt and brown hair on the cheeks .	Two daughter kissing .
contradiction	Two girls kiss a male with a negro shirt and brown hairdo on the cheeks .	Two girls kissing .
contradiction	A women wearing an elaborate array of feathers in her hairstyle , a bead pendant , a medallion , and an magenta , brown , and olive-green dress and looks off to her left , smiling slightly .	A men smiles to his left
contradiction	A women wearing an elaborate array of feathers in her hair , a bead necklace , a medallion , and an cyan , brown , and olive-green frock and looks off to her left , smiling slightly .	A man smiles to his left
contradiction	A female wearing an elaborate array of feathers in her hairdo , a bead pendant , a medallion , and an magenta , brown , and olive-green frock and looks off to her left , smiling slightly .	A men smiles to his left
contradiction	A masculine is riding up an escalator that is carrying shopping wagons .	The male is sitting on table not doing anything .
contradiction	A mens is riding up an escalator that is carrying shopping carts .	The male is sitting on tables not doing anything .
contradiction	A male is riding up an escalator that is carry shopping wagons .	The mens is sitting on tables not doing anything .
contradiction	I am squatting on a dock , searches into a lake .	I am white water rafting .
contradiction	I am squatting on a dock , quest into a lake .	I am white water whitewater .
contradiction	I am squatting on a wharf , quest into a lake .	I am white water whitewater .
contradiction	Lab technologies searching through a microscope in a lab .	The darkroom techs is measure chemistry in beakers .
contradiction	Lab technologies searches through a microscope in a lab .	The darkroom technological is measures chemical in beakers .
contradiction	Lab technologies searches through a microscope in a laboratory .	The darkroom technological is measures chemistry in beakers .
contradiction	Coed choir singing at an events .	An all boys choir is singing .
contradiction	Coed choir sung at an event .	An all boys choir is sung .
contradiction	Coed choir sung at an event .	An all boys choir is sing .
contradiction	A mens in a red shirt is being filmed by another men on a athletic field with a massive audience of people watching and cheers .	The crowd is very calm .
contradiction	A men in a red shirt is being filmed by another mens on a sport field with a big audience of people watching and cheers .	The crowd is very serenity .
contradiction	A mens in a red shirt is being filmed by another man on a athletics field with a mammoth audience of people watching and cheering .	The crowd is very tranquil .
contradiction	Children receiving places at an awards ceremonies .	The youths are rolling on the floor collected dust for scientific .
contradiction	Children receiving places at an award ceremony .	The children are rolling on the floor collects dust for scientific .
contradiction	Children receiving places at an awards ceremony .	The miners are rolling on the floor collections dust for scientific .
contradiction	A females crosses the street with a baby in her weapons .	A females crosses the street carry a big sandwich .
contradiction	A female crosses the street with a baby in her weapon .	A women crosses the street carrying a vast sandwich .
contradiction	A woman crosses the street with a baby in her rifles .	A females crosses the street carrying a immense sandwich .
contradiction	a male sitting on a bicycle with a sunset directly behind him	A males sitting in his cars inland his garage .
contradiction	a male sitting on a mopeds with a sunset directly behind him	A male sitting in his automobiles inside his garage .
contradiction	a mens sitting on a cycle with a sunset directly behind him	A men sitting in his automobiles inside his garage .
contradiction	A man in a one piece tunic is riding a motorbike in front of a sandstone wall while touching his nose .	The male is drives a truck .
contradiction	A man in a one piece tunic is riding a motorbikes in front of a sandstone wall while touch his nose .	The man is driving a truck .
contradiction	A man in a one piece tunic is riding a moped in front of a sandstone wall while touch his nose .	The men is drive a truck .
contradiction	A smaller girls in a red top is running through a grassy sphere with immense buildings in the background .	The girl is drive in the city .
contradiction	A youth girls in a red top is running through a grassy areas with jumbo buildings in the background .	The girl is drives in the city .
contradiction	A youthful daughter in a red top is running through a grassy zone with hefty buildings in the background .	The daughter is driving in the town .
contradiction	A persons is walking a cyclist down a town street .	The person is swimming .
contradiction	A individuals is walking a moped down a town street .	The individuals is swimming .
contradiction	A individuals is walking a bicycling down a town street .	The persons is swim .
contradiction	A juvenile males slept next to a dog .	A boy is play frisbee out in the grass .
contradiction	A youngsters males sleep next to a dog .	A boy is play frisbee out in the grass .
contradiction	A teenage masculine sleep next to a dog .	A boy is play frisbee out in the grass .
contradiction	A crowd gathered on either side of a soap box derby , with a single soap box vehicular on the road track .	The crowd of people are watching the horse race .
contradiction	A crowd gathered on either side of a soap box derby , with a lone soap box car on the path track .	The crowd of people are watching the horse race .
contradiction	A crowd gathered on either side of a soap box derby , with a single soap box vehicular on the pathway track .	The crowd of people are watching the horse errand .
contradiction	A adolescents boy poses behind the netting of an enclosed playing zone while three other kid play .	A daughters poses in front of people
contradiction	A young boy poses behind the netting of an enclosed play area while three other teens playing .	A daughters poses in front of people
contradiction	A youthful boy poses behind the netting of an enclosed play sphere while three other children playing .	A girls poses in front of people
contradiction	A kid female with red-hair is changed a blue bracelet on an antiquated female with short hair .	Two woman are making pancakes .
contradiction	A adolescence women with red-hair is adjust a blue bracelet on an archaic females with short hair .	Two female are making pancakes .
contradiction	A kids women with red-hair is change a blue bracelet on an senior females with short hairstyle .	Two woman are making pancakes .
contradiction	a panels of people celebrate their asia culture .	A panel of people sit angrily at a tables wait for food .
contradiction	a grouping of people celebrate their asia culture .	A panel of people sit angrily at a table wait for food .
contradiction	a panel of people celebrate their asian culture .	A panels of people sit angrily at a table wait for food .
contradiction	A masculine wearing a yellow cycling jacket on a cyclist in air with a male watching in the background	A males sits in the hospital .
contradiction	A man wearing a yellow cycle jacket on a cyclist in planes with a mens watching in the background	A man sits in the hospital .
contradiction	A male wearing a yellow cyclist jacket on a motorbike in airline with a male watching in the background	A males sits in the hospital .
contradiction	Two daschunds play with a red ball	A cat in a litter box .
contradiction	Two daschunds playing with a red ball	A cat in a litter box .
contradiction	Two daschunds play with a red ball	A cat in a litter box .
contradiction	Guy in uniforms standing on the side of a examine moving through the water .	A men in a standardized is subway .
contradiction	Guy in uniforms standing on the side of a yachting moving through the water .	A mens in a standardized is subway .
contradiction	Guy in uniform standing on the side of a studies moving through the water .	A men in a standardized is underpass .
contradiction	A male standing on a green inquires .	The probing is red and white .
contradiction	A males standing on a green examining .	The inquires is red and white .
contradiction	A males standing on a green survey .	The examines is red and white .
contradiction	Artists installs a newest exhibit in a gallery .	Artists are watching the tv .
contradiction	Artists install a new exhibit in a gallery .	Artists are watching the televisions .
contradiction	Artists install a newest exhibit in a gallery .	Artists are watching the television .
contradiction	A guy and a daughters look down a mountain range .	The people look into the skies .
contradiction	A guy and a daughters look down a mountain range .	The people look into the sky .
contradiction	A guy and a daughter look down a mountain range .	The people look into the sky .
contradiction	A ribbon dancer is leaping through the airways with her head back during a rivalry , green ribbon behind her .	a bears jumps
contradiction	A ribbon dancer is leaping through the aircraft with her head back during a competitions , green ribbon behind her .	a bears jumps
contradiction	A ribbon dancer is leaping through the air with her head back during a competitions , green ribbon behind her .	a bear jumps
contradiction	The rhythmic gymnast complete her floor exercising at the competitions .	The gymnast can not finishing her exercising .
contradiction	The rhythmic gymnast complete her floor drills at the competition .	The gymnast can not finishing her exercises .
contradiction	The rhythmic gymnast finishes her floor exercises at the competitions .	The gymnast can not finishes her exercise .
contradiction	Two people are riding cycle next to a building .	A female is riding a unicycle past a building .
contradiction	Two people are riding cyclist next to a building .	A women is riding a unicycle past a building .
contradiction	Two people are riding biking next to a building .	A women is riding a unicycle past a building .
contradiction	The woman soccer team is getting last minute instruction from their coaches .	The woman basketball team ignored their coaches .
contradiction	The woman soccer team is getting last minute instruction from their coaches .	The female basketball team ignored their coach .
contradiction	The women soccer team is getting last minute instruction from their coach .	The female basketball team ignored their coaching .
contradiction	A man is sitting in the green chairs , talking on the telephone , and working on the cellphone , and there is construction site next to his building .	The male is pacing nervously .
contradiction	A masculine is sitting in the green chair , conversations on the cellphones , and working on the notebook , and there is construction site next to his building .	The males is pacing nervously .
contradiction	A men is sitting in the green chairs , conversations on the phones , and working on the movable , and there is construction site next to his building .	The male is pacing nervously .
contradiction	A individuals of indeterminate sex wearing a dark hat , neutral underpants , and a red shirt walking up a rocky slope at high elevation in the daylight .	A individuals is wearing a bright hat
contradiction	A person of indeterminate sex wearing a dark hat , neutral trousers , and a red shirt walking up a rocky slanted at high altitude in the daylight .	A individuals is wearing a bright hat
contradiction	A person of indeterminate sexual wearing a dark hat , neutral underpants , and a red shirt walking up a rocky inclined at high elevation in the daylight .	A person is wearing a bright hat
contradiction	A persons of indeterminate sexual wearing a dark hat , neutral underpants , and a red shirt walking up a rocky sloping at high elevation in the daytime .	A persons is getting readies to snowboard down a hill with one leg
contradiction	A individuals of indeterminate sex wearing a dark hat , neutral trousers , and a red shirt walking up a rocky slope at high altitude in the daytime .	A individuals is getting braced to skiing down a hill with one leg
contradiction	A persons of indeterminate sex wearing a dark hat , neutral panties , and a red shirt walking up a rocky tilted at high altitude in the daylight .	A person is getting braced to skiing down a hill with one leg
contradiction	A man drops something , reaching for it while a females in a beige blazer discusses an major theme .	A masculine brushes his teeth in front of a mirrors .
contradiction	A males drops something , reaching for it while a female in a beige blazer discusses an major topic .	A males brushes his teeth in front of a mirrors .
contradiction	A masculine drops something , reaching for it while a females in a beige blazer discusses an major themes .	A masculine brushes his teeth in front of a mirror .
contradiction	Asian people about to perform animal balloons .	dog looks at the pond
contradiction	Asian people roughly to perform animals balloons .	dog looks at the pond
contradiction	Asian people approximately to perform animals balloons .	dog looks at the pond
contradiction	Two daughter in black dresses enjoying a night on the town .	Two daughter hate the city .
contradiction	Two daughter in negro dresses enjoying a overnight on the city .	Two girls hate the town .
contradiction	Two daughter in black dresses enjoying a nighttime on the town .	Two daughter hates the town .
contradiction	A boy wearing a yellow shirt , khaki pants , and blue and yellow shoes is hitting a tennis ball off a wall with a tennis racket .	Two woman in a bright red athletics motor , with glasses and pink lipstick , laugh and sings hymns .
contradiction	A boy wearing a yellow shirt , khaki undergarments , and blue and yellow shoes is hitting a tennis ball off a wall with a tennis racket .	Two females in a bright red sport vehicular , with eyeglasses and pink lipstick , laughing and singing songs .
contradiction	A boy wearing a yellow shirt , khaki underpants , and blue and yellow footwear is hitting a tennis ball off a wall with a tennis racket .	Two women in a bright red sportsmen vehicles , with spectacles and pink lipstick , laughing and sung songs .
contradiction	A boy in an all blue uniforms kicks a blue soccer ball in a grassy sphere .	A boy is playing with a squirt arms .
contradiction	A boy in an all blue uniforms karate a blue soccer ball in a grassy areas .	A boy is playing with a squirt rifles .
contradiction	A boy in an all blue standardized karate a blue soccer ball in a grassy sphere .	A boy is play with a squirt arms .
contradiction	A dog and a cat are swim in a swim pool .	A dog and cat are drowning in the pool /
contradiction	A dog and a cat are swimming in a swim pool .	A dog and cat are drowning in the pool /
contradiction	A dog and a cat are swim in a swim pool .	A dog and cat are drowning in the pool /
contradiction	A dog and a cat are swim in a swim pool .	Two cats are in the lake .
contradiction	A dog and a cat are swim in a swimming pool .	Two cats are in the lake .
contradiction	A dog and a cat are swim in a swim pool .	Two cats are in the lake .
contradiction	Two females wearing aprons and hairnets look at each other while they reach into metallic canisters .	No one is wearing aprons .
contradiction	Two women wearing aprons and hairnets look at each other while they reach into metal canisters .	No one is wearing aprons .
contradiction	Two female wearing aprons and hairnets look at each other while they reach into metallic canisters .	No one is wearing aprons .
contradiction	Woman in dark shirt standing alone in front of a yellow car .	The female is dining at a restaurant drinking wine .
contradiction	Woman in dark shirt standing alone in front of a yellow auto .	The woman is dining at a restaurant drinking wine .
contradiction	Woman in dark shirt standing alone in front of a yellow motors .	The women is dining at a restaurant drinking wines .
contradiction	A boy hits a tennis ball on a court .	A girls is hitting the ball .
contradiction	A boy hits a tennis ball on a court .	A daughter is hitting the ball .
contradiction	A boy hits a tennis ball on a courts .	A daughter is hitting the ball .
contradiction	A group of women and men are in the water wit their clothes on .	The grouping of people are hairless .
contradiction	A panels of female and mens are in the water wit their garment on .	The group of people are bare .
contradiction	A groups of females and mens are in the water wit their garments on .	The group of people are nude .
contradiction	At a tables with an art camp leaflets on it , a teens female and an elderly males are painting ceramic under the supervise of a blond female wearing a name labeling .	Two people are paining each others faces
contradiction	At a tables with an art camp manual on it , a teenager female and an seniors men are paintings pottery under the surveillance of a blond women wearing a name tagging .	Two people are paining each others faces
contradiction	At a table with an art camp booklets on it , a juveniles female and an old males are paint pottery under the supervises of a blond female wearing a name labelled .	Two people are paining each others faces
contradiction	There are two people walking in the sand .	There are five people walking in the sand with drum .
contradiction	There are two people walking in the sand .	There are five people walking in the sand with drumming .
contradiction	There are two people walking in the sand .	There are five people walking in the sand with drumming .
contradiction	A female is shaving the hairstyle off of a negro and white dog .	The boy is walking the dog in the park .
contradiction	A females is shaving the hair off of a negro and white dog .	The boy is walking the dog in the park .
contradiction	A female is shaving the hairstyle off of a black and white dog .	The boy is walking the dog in the park .
contradiction	oh yea these suckers cant catch me .	Man watching televisions .
contradiction	oh yea these suckers cant catch me .	Man watching television .
contradiction	oh yea these suckers cant catch me .	Man watching tvs .
contradiction	There are a group of track racers bracing to take off .	The track runners are sitting on an airplane
contradiction	There are a groups of track runners bracing to take off .	The track racers are sitting on an airplane
contradiction	There are a group of track racers bracing to take off .	The track runners are sitting on an airplane
contradiction	A females floats in an innertube in a huge organs of water .	The female is sitting at home .
contradiction	A woman floats in an innertube in a hefty organs of water .	The women is sitting at home .
contradiction	A woman floats in an innertube in a immense body of water .	The females is sitting at home .
contradiction	A white greyhound dog wearing a muzzle runs around a track .	The dog is not wearing a muzzle .
contradiction	A white greyhound dog wearing a muzzle runs around a track .	The dog is not wearing a muzzle .
contradiction	A white greyhound dog wearing a muzzle runs around a track .	The dog is not wearing a muzzle .
contradiction	A men who wears glasses , a blue shirt and a Chicago White Sox chap holds a kids boy who also wears a blue shirt .	A masculine and a boy are riding scooters .
contradiction	A man who wears goggles , a blue shirt and a Chicago White Sox ceilings holds a youthful boy who also wears a blue shirt .	A men and a boy are riding scooters .
contradiction	A mens who wears goggles , a blue shirt and a Chicago White Sox caps holds a juveniles boy who also wears a blue shirt .	A masculine and a boy are riding scooters .
contradiction	A adolescents boy learn how to ride a horse	The teenager and his pet play on the bed .
contradiction	A kids boy learn how to ride a horse	The child and his pet play on the bed .
contradiction	A minors boy learned how to ride a horse	The smaller and his pet play on the bed .
contradiction	A males wearing shorts looks at his notepad while a women walks exterior a petite building .	There is solely one individuals present .
contradiction	A men wearing shorts looks at his notebooks while a female walks outboard a small building .	There is solely one persons present .
contradiction	A men wearing shorts looks at his notebook while a female walks outside a small building .	There is only one persons present .
contradiction	A runner wearing purple strives for the finish line .	A runner give up before heading to the finishes line .
contradiction	A runner wearing purple strives for the completing line .	A runner give up before heading to the completing line .
contradiction	A racer wearing purple strives for the completing line .	A racer give up prior heading to the completes line .
contradiction	Shadowed biking jumps over camera at sunset as shadowed photographs films .	A skater is being photographed .
contradiction	Shadowed bicycles jumps over camera at sunset as shaded picture cinema .	A skater is being photographing .
contradiction	Shadowed bicycles jumps over camera at sunset as shaded picture films .	A skater is being photographs .
contradiction	A panel of attentive student are pays attention to a academic lectures .	Students are at the park .
contradiction	A grouping of watchful pupil are paid attention to a university lecture .	Students are at the park .
contradiction	A panels of careful student are wage attention to a universities lectures .	Students are at the park .
contradiction	A sitting male is holding a partially carved stone in front a partially paint wall .	The woman is holding a rock in front of a wall .
contradiction	A sitting men is holding a partially carved stone in front a partially painted wall .	The females is holding a rock in front of a wall .
contradiction	A sitting men is holding a partly carved stone in front a partly paint wall .	The female is holding a rock in front of a wall .
contradiction	A tan-skinned men sitting in a chairs with a handbags under his arm , conversation on a white telephones .	A male jumping off a ledge .
contradiction	A tan-skinned masculine sitting in a chairs with a rucksack under his arm , discussions on a white phones .	A man jumping off a ledge .
contradiction	A tan-skinned male sitting in a chair with a bag under his arm , discussions on a white telephone .	A mens jumping off a ledge .
contradiction	A golden retriever nurse puppies .	A cat nurse puppies
contradiction	A golden retriever nurse puppies .	A cat nursing puppies
contradiction	A golden retriever nursing puppies .	A cat nurses puppies
contradiction	The wind propels a investigate vessel on a panel of cruisers .	The vessels inquires is alone on the water .
contradiction	The wind propels a browsing sail on a group of cruisers .	The shipping sail is alone on the water .
contradiction	The wind propels a examining navigation on a grouping of cruisers .	The yacht studies is alone on the water .
contradiction	A mens in neon green Seahawks sweatshirt leans on a railing .	A man wearing a tux is sitting .
contradiction	A masculine in neon green Seahawks sweatshirt leans on a railing .	A mens wearing a tuxedo is sitting .
contradiction	A males in neon green Seahawks sweatshirt leans on a railing .	A male wearing a tuxedo is sitting .
contradiction	A men in a red shirt and blue jeans is standing in front of a wall with other people 's shadows in front of him on the sidewalk .	A male sits on a wall .
contradiction	A masculine in a red shirt and blue jeans is standing in front of a wall with other people 's shadows in front of him on the sidewalk .	A mens sits on a wall .
contradiction	A men in a red shirt and blue jeans is standing in front of a wall with other people 's shadows in front of him on the sidewalk .	A men sits on a wall .
contradiction	a male standing against a building , in the sunlight , as you can see the shadow of the persons taking his picture	There is a photographer taking a photographer of a males indoors .
contradiction	a male standing against a building , in the sunlight , as you can see the shadow of the persons taking his picture	There is a photographic taking a photograph of a mens indoors .
contradiction	a mens standing against a building , in the sunshine , as you can see the shadow of the individuals taking his picture	There is a images taking a picture of a males indoors .
contradiction	Two man roasting marshmallows in a fire pit .	The fire pit has been put out
contradiction	Two male roasting marshmallows in a fire pit .	The fire pit has been put out
contradiction	Two males roasting marshmallows in a fire pit .	The fire pit has been put out
contradiction	An outdated female wearing a ski hat and goggles is sitting on a blue chair .	Nobody is sitting .
contradiction	An aged female wearing a ski hat and eyeglasses is sitting on a blue chair .	Nobody is sitting .
contradiction	An seniors female wearing a skis hat and eyeglasses is sitting on a blue chair .	Nobody is sitting .
contradiction	A men smoker while leaning against a pillar , which has a `` missing individuals '' booklet posted on it .	two girl sit and play in a wait room
contradiction	A mens smoke while leaning against a pillar , which has a `` missing person '' textbooks posted on it .	two girl sit and play in a wait room
contradiction	A males cigarettes while leaning against a pillar , which has a `` missing persons '' pamphlets posted on it .	two daughters sit and play in a waiting room
contradiction	A individuals wearing a straw hat , standing outdoor working a steel apparatus with a piling of coconuts on the ground .	A individuals is burning a straw hat .
contradiction	A persons wearing a straw hat , standing exterior working a steel apparatus with a pile of coconuts on the ground .	A individuals is burning a straw hat .
contradiction	A persons wearing a straw hat , standing exterior working a steel apparatus with a piling of coconuts on the ground .	A person is burning a straw hat .
contradiction	A panels of racers are running towards two same skyscrapers .	A group of mall walkers takes a smoke break .
contradiction	A panel of racers are running towards two same skyscrapers .	A group of mall walkers takes a smoker break .
contradiction	A panel of runners are running toward two identical skyscrapers .	A grouping of mall walkers takes a tobacco break .
contradiction	Children play on a sidewalk with dolls and chalk .	kids taking naps inside
contradiction	Children play on a sidewalk with dolls and chalk .	kids taking naps inside
contradiction	Children play on a sidewalk with dolls and chalk .	kids taking naps inside
contradiction	Boy wearing red hat , blue jacket pushing plow in snow .	The girls pushes as hard as she can
contradiction	Boy wearing red hat , blue jacket pushing plow in snowy .	The girls pushes as tricky as she can
contradiction	Boy wearing red hat , blue jacket pushing plow in snowy .	The daughter pushes as hard as she can
contradiction	A persons is posed with one leg raised and one arm out at a rivalry with their teammates in the background .	A men posed with both revolver out at a competitions .
contradiction	A persons is posed with one leg raised and one arm out at a contest with their teammates in the background .	A man posed with both pistol out at a contest .
contradiction	A individuals is posed with one leg raised and one arm out at a competitions with their teammates in the background .	A males posed with both revolver out at a competitions .
contradiction	groups of people sweep the floor and cleaning	A grouping of people are wind surfing over the dunes .
contradiction	grouping of people sweep the floor and cleaning	A groups of people are wind surf over the dunes .
contradiction	panel of people sweep the floor and cleaning	A panels of people are wind surf over the dunes .
contradiction	Five People are kneeling between two park automobile , and one man is approaching with his arm raised into the airlines .	Six people have an absolutely ordinary poker games .
contradiction	Five People are kneeling between two park autos , and one mens is approaching with his arm raised into the airplane .	Six people have an absolutely usual poker games .
contradiction	Five People are kneeling between two park vehicle , and one masculine is approaching with his arm raised into the airline .	Six people have an absolutely normal poker game .
contradiction	Various males in wetsuits and spectacles are standing .	Men are sleep .
contradiction	Various man in wetsuits and sunglasses are standing .	Men are sleep .
contradiction	Various mens in wetsuits and eyeglasses are standing .	Men are slumber .
contradiction	A mens is sitting on a blue bench with a blue blanket covering his face .	A mens is play chess while wearing a green tutu .
contradiction	A masculine is sitting on a blue bench with a blue blanket covering his face .	A male is play chess while wearing a green tutu .
contradiction	A masculine is sitting on a blue bench with a blue blanket covering his face .	A male is playing chess while wearing a green tutu .
contradiction	A adolescent daughter wearing yellow shorts and a white tank top using a cane pole to fish at a petite pond .	A girls wearing a garb looks off a cliff .
contradiction	A adolescents girls wearing yellow shorts and a white tank top using a cane poles to fish at a little pond .	A daughter wearing a attire looks off a cliff .
contradiction	A teenage daughter wearing yellow shorts and a white tank top using a cane pole to fish at a petite pond .	A daughter wearing a garb looks off a cliff .
contradiction	A juveniles boy plays with the contents of a pantry and a funding logs , pretending he runs a grocery boutique .	A minor boy is hitting a pinata .
contradiction	A youths boy plays with the contents of a pantry and a funds registered , pretending he runs a grocery store .	A adolescent boy is hitting a pinata .
contradiction	A youthful boy plays with the contents of a pantry and a funding registration , pretending he runs a grocery boutique .	A juvenile boy is hitting a pinata .
contradiction	A black man wearing a down jacket with his gunpoint spreading and holding a pink comb .	Someone wearing a cotton shirt was quest at a green hairstyle comb .
contradiction	A negro mens wearing a down jacket with his weapon spread and holding a pink comb .	Someone wearing a cotton shirt was searching at a green hairstyle comb .
contradiction	A negro masculine wearing a down jacket with his guns spreading and holding a pink comb .	Someone wearing a cotton shirt was search at a green hair comb .
contradiction	A younger man dressed in tribal garb .	A teenager male wheres a tux .
contradiction	A cadet male dressed in tribe frock .	A kids mens wheres a tux .
contradiction	A cadet man dressed in clan dress .	A teens mens wheres a tux .
contradiction	A mens in tribes dress is walking down the street while spectators are standing behind red and white barrier recordings .	A grouping of people deepsea fishing
contradiction	A man in tribal garb is walking down the street while spectators are standing behind red and white hurdle records .	A panel of people deepsea fishing
contradiction	A masculine in tribe attire is walking down the street while spectators are standing behind red and white obstacles register .	A panel of people deepsea fishing
contradiction	A men wearing plumes on his head and dressed in a Native American costume , stands in front of a crowd of people on the street .	The costume is Asian .
contradiction	A man wearing plumes on his head and attired in a Native American costume , stands in front of a crowd of people on the street .	The costume is Asian .
contradiction	A males wearing plumes on his head and clothed in a Native American costume , stands in front of a crowd of people on the street .	The costume is Asian .
contradiction	An antique mens in a scotsman shirt and blue undergarments is looking in a telescopes on a sunny day .	A old men in a plaid shirt purchases apples at the market .
contradiction	An age masculine in a plaid shirt and blue slacks is searching in a telescope on a sunny day .	A senior masculine in a whisky shirt purchase apples at the market .
contradiction	An archaic men in a scotch shirt and blue trousers is searches in a telescopes on a sunny day .	A antiquated men in a scotsman shirt purchase apples at the markets .
contradiction	Two mens stand on stairs with an assortment of chairs and a woven basket in the foreground .	The masculine are sitting .
contradiction	Two men stand on stairs with an assortment of chairs and a woven basket in the foreground .	The man are sitting .
contradiction	Two man stand on stairs with an assortment of chairs and a woven basket in the foreground .	The mens are sitting .
contradiction	A male is posing on a skis board with snow in the background .	A women is posing on a ski board with lava in the background .
contradiction	A males is posing on a skis board with snow in the background .	A female is posing on a ski board with lava in the background .
contradiction	A males is posing on a ski board with snowy in the background .	A female is posing on a ski board with lava in the background .
contradiction	A man stands with his revolver out inside a massive green piece of equipment .	He is making office calls .
contradiction	A male stands with his firearm out inner a monumental green piece of equipment .	He is making office calls .
contradiction	A male stands with his shotgun out inland a huge green piece of equipment .	He is making office calls .
contradiction	A smaller black men wearing a dark leather jacket and gloves is standing on a lit stage , searching down .	A negro mens is sitting on a couch at his houses .
contradiction	A child black men wearing a dark leather jacket and gloves is standing on a illuminated stages , search down .	A negro men is sitting on a couch at his houses .
contradiction	A youth negro masculine wearing a dark leather jacket and gloves is standing on a lighted stages , search down .	A negro mens is sitting on a couch at his dwelling .
contradiction	A guy in boots , jeans and a blue shirt is falling off a bull by a cowboy standing on a red fencing with the numbers 2 and 4 on it .	A mens riding his motorbikes off road .
contradiction	A guy in boots , jeans and a blue shirt is falling off a bull by a cowboy standing on a red fences with the numbers 2 and 4 on it .	A males riding his cycle off path .
contradiction	A guy in boots , jeans and a blue shirt is falling off a bull by a cowboy standing on a red fencing with the digit 2 and 4 on it .	A men riding his motorcycle off paths .
contradiction	A man in a blue shirt touches his head while discussions to two woman outdoors .	dog hunting 3 cats
contradiction	A men in a blue shirt touches his head while conversations to two women outdoors .	dog hunted 3 cats
contradiction	A mens in a blue shirt touches his head while discussions to two woman outdoors .	dog hunt 3 cats
contradiction	A groups of people stares at a wall that is filled with drawings in a building .	A panels of people are at a rave
contradiction	A grouping of people stares at a wall that is filled with drawings in a building .	A group of people are at a rave
contradiction	A group of people stares at a wall that is filled with drawings in a building .	A panel of people are at a rave
contradiction	People walk and bikes down an alley between white buildings with blue trim .	People walk by a train .
contradiction	People walk and motorcycle down an alleyway between white buildings with blue trimming .	People walk by a train .
contradiction	People walk and bikes down an alley between white buildings with blue trim .	People walk by a train .
contradiction	People walk and moped down an alley between white buildings with blue trimming .	People at a train station .
contradiction	People walk and motorcycle down an alleyway between white buildings with blue trim .	People at a train station .
contradiction	People walk and cyclist down an alleyway between white buildings with blue trim .	People at a train station .
contradiction	People walk and cycling down an alley between white buildings with blue trim .	People jumping off of s sheer cliff .
contradiction	People walk and cycle down an alleyway between white buildings with blue trim .	People jumping off of s pure cliff .
contradiction	People walk and bicycle down an alleyway between white buildings with blue trimming .	People jumping off of s pure cliff .
contradiction	A small boy in a red shirt and swimming trunks plays at the beach .	The girls is playing at the beach .
contradiction	A petite boy in a red shirt and swim trunks plays at the beach .	The girl is playing at the beach .
contradiction	A small boy in a red shirt and swimming trunks plays at the beach .	The girls is playing at the beach .
contradiction	people are enjoying food at a crowded restaurant .	A loner individuals eats sadly at a truck-stop in the medium of nowhere .
contradiction	people are enjoying food at a crowded restaurant .	A lone persons eats unfortunately at a truck-stop in the mid of nowhere .
contradiction	people are enjoying food at a crowded restaurant .	A sole persons eats unfortunately at a truck-stop in the media of nowhere .
contradiction	A males in a brown jacket stands with his rifles spreading .	The male sits crosslegged on the floor .
contradiction	A men in a brown jacket stands with his gun spread .	The men sits crosslegged on the floor .
contradiction	A man in a brown jacket stands with his firearm spread .	The man sits crosslegged on the floor .
contradiction	Brown horse standing in the background while masculine in a white cowboy hat and blue long-sleeve shirt is walking off .	A horse is dead .
contradiction	Brown horse standing in the background while men in a white cowboy hat and blue long-sleeve shirt is walking off .	A horse is dead .
contradiction	Brown equestrian standing in the background while mens in a white cowboy hat and blue long-sleeve shirt is walking off .	A equestrian is dead .
contradiction	An antique balding masculine with goggles wearing a pink and white shirt with a jumper vest is play a musical instrument while looking at the sheet music .	The males is 10 years seniors .
contradiction	An elderly balding man with eyeglasses wearing a pink and white shirt with a jumper vest is playing a musical instrument while searches at the sheet music .	The mens is 10 years antique .
contradiction	An older balding male with sunglasses wearing a pink and white shirt with a jumper vest is play a musical instrument while search at the sheet music .	The man is 10 olds archaic .
contradiction	A small boy with blond-hair stares down at display case featuring cookie and cakes .	A boy is walking on a sidewalk , reading a book .
contradiction	A petite boy with blond-hair stares down at display case featuring cookies and cakes .	A boy is walking on a sidewalk , reading a book .
contradiction	A petite boy with blond-hair stares down at display cases featuring biscuit and cakes .	A boy is walking on a sidewalk , reading a book .
contradiction	A silhouette stands at the top of a snooker lane as the ball is about to impact the pins while neon lights race overhead .	A adolescents is rapids asleep .
contradiction	A silhouette stands at the top of a billiard lane as the ball is approximately to impact the pins while neon lighting race overhead .	A teenaged is fast asleep .
contradiction	A silhouette stands at the top of a bowling lane as the ball is approximately to impact the pins while neon illumination races overhead .	A minor is quickly asleep .
contradiction	Two people cooking a meal together in a household kitchen .	Two people eat Chinese at a Chinese buffet .
contradiction	Two people cook a meal together in a household kitchen .	Two people eat Chinese at a Chinese buffet .
contradiction	Two people cook a meal together in a household kitchen .	Two people eat Chinese at a Chinese buffet .
contradiction	A mens jumping a filth ramp on a bmx motorcycles .	A masculine crashes his mopeds .
contradiction	A masculine jumping a filth ramp on a bmx biking .	A male crashes his bicycles .
contradiction	A men jumping a filth ramp on a bmx biking .	A men crashes his biking .
contradiction	Women wearing a negro top and eyeglasses speaking into a blue tipped microphone with another women beside her write .	Two shabbily clothed females hold microphone as they compete in a rap tussle in front of a cheers crowd .
contradiction	Women wearing a negro top and glasses speaking into a blue tipped mics with another female beside her writing .	Two shabbily attired woman hold microphone as they competing in a rap tussle in front of a cheers crowd .
contradiction	Women wearing a negro top and spectacles speaking into a blue tipped microphone with another females beside her writing .	Two shabbily attired female hold microphone as they competing in a rap battles in front of a cheers crowd .
contradiction	A person in a ken-do outfit is standing there waiting .	Nobody is standing
contradiction	A person in a ken-do outfit is standing there waiting .	Nobody is standing
contradiction	A persons in a ken-do outfit is standing there waiting .	Nobody is standing
contradiction	a woman with brown hair sitting on a bench exterior a cafe .	Blonde females drawing on a cafe window .
contradiction	a women with brown hairdo sitting on a bench outer a cafe .	Blonde woman drawing on a cafe window .
contradiction	a female with brown hairdo sitting on a bench outdoor a cafe .	Blonde females drawing on a cafe window .
contradiction	A males in reflective eyeglasses , a skull T-shirt , and lengthy red shorts sits out of the sun in a fold chair .	The males is standing .
contradiction	A mens in reflective glasses , a skull T-shirt , and long red shorts sits out of the sun in a fold chairs .	The masculine is standing .
contradiction	A men in reflective glasses , a skull T-shirt , and lengthy red shorts sits out of the sun in a fold chair .	The mens is standing .
contradiction	adolescents are sitting in chair with a music stand in the background .	Children are running outboard , competing in a race .
contradiction	kid are sitting in chair with a music stand in the background .	Children are running outer , competing in a races .
contradiction	youth are sitting in chairs with a music stand in the background .	Children are running outer , compete in a races .
contradiction	Male in a blue jacket decides to lay in the grass .	The guy in yellow is rolling on the grass
contradiction	Male in a blue jacket decides to lay in the grass .	The guy in yellow is rolling on the grass
contradiction	Male in a blue jacket decides to lay in the grass .	The guy in yellow is rolling on the grass
contradiction	A males wearing a red vest is walking past a black and green fence .	The male wearing the vest is sitting on the sofa .
contradiction	A mens wearing a red vest is walking past a negro and green fences .	The masculine wearing the vest is sitting on the sofa .
contradiction	A mens wearing a red vest is walking past a negro and green fence .	The masculine wearing the vest is sitting on the sofa .
contradiction	A black and white fowl with a yellow beak is flying .	worm crawl along sidewalk
contradiction	A negro and white bird with a yellow beak is flying .	worm crawling along sidewalk
contradiction	A black and white bird with a yellow beak is flying .	worm crawling along sidewalk
contradiction	We can see the white underwear of the men wearing the red soccer jersey because he is pulling up his shorts .	People are not looking at underwear .
contradiction	We can see the white underwear of the males wearing the red soccer jersey because he is pulling up his shorts .	People are not quest at underwear .
contradiction	We can see the white underwear of the man wearing the red soccer jersey because he is pulling up his shorts .	People are not search at underwear .
contradiction	A grouping of man playing music , the men holding a guitar is discussions to a mens with drums .	A strings quartet is practicing .
contradiction	A grouping of mens playing music , the man holding a guitar is talking to a males with drumming .	A strings quartet is practising .
contradiction	A panels of mens play music , the male holding a guitar is conversations to a men with drum .	A strings quartet is practise .
contradiction	A cemented worker is working on a newest pavement exterior of a sportswear boutique .	A worker is working on a newer pavement exterior of a restuarant .
contradiction	A cement worker is working on a newest sidewalk outer of a garments boutique .	A worker is working on a novel pavement outer of a restuarant .
contradiction	A cemented worker is working on a newer pavement exterior of a clothing store .	A worker is working on a new sidewalk exterior of a restuarant .
contradiction	A cement worker is working on a novel pavement outside of a garment store .	A worker is working in a restuarant .
contradiction	A cement worker is working on a novel pavement outside of a garment store .	A worker is working in a restuarant .
contradiction	A cement worker is working on a newer pavement outer of a clothes store .	A worker is working in a restuarant .
contradiction	A red dog jumps and catches a tennis ball in its mouth .	a man eating popcorn
contradiction	A red dog jumps and catches a tennis ball in its mouth .	a masculine eating popcorn
contradiction	A red dog jumps and catches a tennis ball in its mouth .	a males eating popcorn
contradiction	These daughters are having a great deadline searching for seashells .	The daughters are taking a nap .
contradiction	These girls are having a great time looking for seashells .	The girl are taking a nap .
contradiction	These daughters are having a great periods searches for seashells .	The daughters are taking a nap .
contradiction	Older man sitting in front of a cafe searches out at the street .	Older men playing shuffle
contradiction	Older masculine sitting in front of a cafe searching out at the street .	Older man playing shuffle
contradiction	Older males sitting in front of a cafe searches out at the street .	Older man playing shuffle
contradiction	A gas station and a auto on fire .	A automobiles is going through the vehicular wash .
contradiction	A gas station and a auto on fire .	A motor is going through the autos wash .
contradiction	A gas station and a vehicular on fire .	A motor is going through the automobile washes .
contradiction	Artist on street corner sell his artwork .	Someone is begging for funds .
contradiction	Artist on street nook sell his artwork .	Someone is begging for funds .
contradiction	Artist on street nook sell his artwork .	Someone is begging for cash .
contradiction	This is a very huge vegetable stand under a white tent .	People are eating swiftly food .
contradiction	This is a very monumental vegetable stand under a white tent .	People are eating fastest food .
contradiction	This is a very immense vegetable stand under a white tent .	People are eating quickly food .
contradiction	Three kid and adults in the background , all pretend to sleep .	The three teenager and grownups are sitting and watching TV .
contradiction	Three miner and grownups in the background , all pretend to sleep .	The three teenager and adult are sitting and watching TV .
contradiction	Three minor and adults in the background , all pretend to slumber .	The three teenaged and grownup are sitting and watching TV .
contradiction	A crowd gathered around a teenager men who is performing .	A daughters is performing .
contradiction	A crowd gathered around a juveniles men who is performing .	A girl is performing .
contradiction	A crowd gathered around a youths male who is performing .	A girl is performing .
contradiction	Two people are running in the grass by a hill .	An aged mens walks by himself through the city .
contradiction	Two people are running in the grass by a hill .	An aging male walks by itself through the city .
contradiction	Two people are running in the grass by a hill .	An elder man walks by himself through the town .
contradiction	A female wearing a tank top and black underpants is laying on the ground while search at a book .	A woman is standing and search at a book .
contradiction	A women wearing a tank top and black underclothes is laying on the ground while looking at a book .	A females is standing and searching at a book .
contradiction	A female wearing a tank top and black undergarments is laying on the ground while searches at a book .	A female is standing and search at a book .
contradiction	An archaic males is speaking to a boy while both are sitting .	Older masculine is sleeping
contradiction	An aging mens is speaking to a boy while both are sitting .	Older man is sleeping
contradiction	An senior man is speaking to a boy while both are sitting .	Older male is sleeping
contradiction	a females in jeans and a woman in shorts are petting a baby kangaroo .	The woman are wearing bikinis and petting an elephant .
contradiction	a female in jeans and a woman in shorts are petting a baby kangaroo .	The female are wearing bikinis and petting an elephant .
contradiction	a woman in jeans and a woman in shorts are petting a baby kangaroo .	The women are wearing bikinis and petting an elephant .
contradiction	People enjoying food outdoor of a restaurant .	People tossing out their frightening meals at a sketchy restaurant .
contradiction	People enjoying food outer of a restaurant .	People tossing out their hideous meals at a sketchy restaurant .
contradiction	People enjoying food outboard of a restaurant .	People tossing out their horrific meals at a sketchy restaurant .
contradiction	A negro mens wearing tan shorts , a yellow sweatshirt , and a baseball ceilings is holding up his hand and conversations to an Asian female posing with another young black masculine while they are holding red flags with yellow stars .	the men is at home sleeping
contradiction	A negro mens wearing tan shorts , a yellow sweatshirt , and a baseball caps is holding up his hand and talking to an Asian female posing with another kids black mens while they are holding red flags with yellow stars .	the males is at home sleeping
contradiction	A black mens wearing tan shorts , a yellow sweatshirt , and a baseball chaps is holding up his hand and talking to an Asian females posing with another child black male while they are holding red flags with yellow stars .	the men is at home sleeping
contradiction	A mens a female posing for a images .	A man is taking a photographer of a dog , while a women clocks .
contradiction	A masculine a females posing for a photographic .	A masculine is taking a photos of a dog , while a females watches .
contradiction	A man a woman posing for a pictures .	A masculine is taking a photographed of a dog , while a females watches .
contradiction	An extreme mountain biker in mid-jump from underneath rider showing a blue skies .	An extreme mountain biker in mid-jump from underneath rider showing a red skies .
contradiction	An extreme mountain motorcyclist in mid-jump from underneath rider showing a blue sky .	An extreme mountain biker in mid-jump from underneath rider showing a red sky .
contradiction	An extreme mountain motorcyclist in mid-jump from underneath rider showing a blue skies .	An extreme mountain biker in mid-jump from underneath rider showing a red skies .
contradiction	A mens is play the saxophone in the street and some people are sitting on the curb next to the street by him .	A females is flying crosscountry .
contradiction	A men is play the saxophone in the street and some people are sitting on the curb next to the street by him .	A females is flying crosscountry .
contradiction	A masculine is play the saxophone in the street and some people are sitting on the curb next to the street by him .	A woman is flying crosscountry .
contradiction	A masculine and a woman are dance in the crowd .	a males and females dancing alone
contradiction	A male and a women are dance in the crowd .	a masculine and woman dance alone
contradiction	A male and a females are dancing in the crowd .	a males and female dance alone
contradiction	A mens wearing and Army shirt is on the ground in a push-up stance , while a man in standardized squats beside him .	The shirt is a Navy shirt .
contradiction	A men wearing and Army shirt is on the ground in a push-up position , while a masculine in uniform squats beside him .	The shirt is a Navy shirt .
contradiction	A men wearing and Army shirt is on the ground in a push-up position , while a man in uniform squats beside him .	The shirt is a Navy shirt .
contradiction	The backs of a females and her dog as they walk away from the camera with the dog on a red leash and her in a green tank top .	A mens walks his dog with a black leash .
contradiction	The backs of a female and her dog as they walk away from the camera with the dog on a red leash and her in a green tank top .	A males walks his dog with a negro leash .
contradiction	The backs of a female and her dog as they walk away from the camera with the dog on a red leash and her in a green tank top .	A masculine walks his dog with a negro leash .
contradiction	A male riding his bikes wearing his helmet in front of an audience .	A males is drive a blue vehicle
contradiction	A man riding his bikes wearing his helmet in front of an audience .	A males is driving a blue vehicle
contradiction	A men riding his motorcycles wearing his helmet in front of an audience .	A masculine is driving a blue vehicle
contradiction	A masculine with a whisky shirt stands with his hand on hip at an opening of a vast tree .	a men at the openings of a small bush
contradiction	A mens with a plaid shirt stands with his hand on hip at an open of a mammoth tree .	a mens at the openings of a little bush
contradiction	A masculine with a scotch shirt stands with his hand on hip at an opening of a monumental tree .	a male at the opening of a petite bush
contradiction	An orange on the floor next to a dog .	The fruit next to the dog is an apple .
contradiction	An orange on the floor next to a dog .	The fruit next to the dog is an apple .
contradiction	An orange on the floor next to a dog .	The fruit next to the dog is an apple .
contradiction	A standing males talks to a seated female while on some sorts of motors .	Three people are having a meetings .
contradiction	A standing man talks to a seated women while on some sorting of automobiles .	Three people are having a meeting .
contradiction	A standing masculine talks to a seated female while on some kinds of vehicles .	Three people are having a meeting .
contradiction	A motorbikes in a red and white uniforms is bikes across a garage full of people .	The masculine is wearing a pijama .
contradiction	A cycling in a red and white uniforms is bikes across a garage full of people .	The masculine is wearing a pijama .
contradiction	A motorcycles in a red and white uniformed is motorcycles across a garage full of people .	The masculine is wearing a pijama .
contradiction	A golfing shoots his ball out of a sand trapping .	A duffer hits to the green using a sand wedge .
contradiction	A golfing shoots his ball out of a sand trap .	A duffer hits to the green using a sand wedge .
contradiction	A golfer shoots his ball out of a sand trap .	A duffer hits to the green using a sand wedge .
contradiction	A golfer shoots his ball out of a sand trapping .	A drives off of the first tee .
contradiction	A golfer shoots his ball out of a sand trap .	A drive off of the first tee .
contradiction	A golfing shoots his ball out of a sand trapping .	A drive off of the first tee .
contradiction	A miner girls in glasses observes something in the distance .	A girl sleep on the ground .
contradiction	A teenage girl in glasses observes something in the distance .	A daughters slept on the ground .
contradiction	A teenager girl in spectacles observes something in the distance .	A daughter sleep on the ground .
contradiction	A groups of mountain climbers rests at the summit .	A diving diver runs out of airliner .
contradiction	A grouping of mountain hikers rests at the summit .	A dive diver runs out of planes .
contradiction	A panel of mountain climbers rests at the summit .	A dives diver runs out of aeroplane .
contradiction	A boy wearing jeans , standing on rocks in a river and throwing a stone .	A boy is at a baseball game .
contradiction	A boy wearing jeans , standing on rocks in a river and throwing a stone .	A boy is at a baseball games .
contradiction	A boy wearing jeans , standing on rocks in a river and throwing a stone .	A boy is at a baseball games .
contradiction	A man in garb breeches and a blue frock shirt is walking in the shadows of nature .	a woman at the beach
contradiction	A man in garb slacks and a blue dress shirt is walking in the shadows of nature .	a females at the beach
contradiction	A man in attire pants and a blue frock shirt is walking in the shadows of nature .	a woman at the beach
contradiction	A female holds a journals that says `` Real changing '' .	a females with a newspaper that says `` actual changes '' on the ground next to her
contradiction	A females holds a journals that says `` Real shift '' .	a woman with a journal that says `` actual modifications '' on the ground next to her
contradiction	A woman holds a newspapers that says `` Real amendment '' .	a woman with a journal that says `` actual shifts '' on the ground next to her
contradiction	A miner boy with close-cropped hair , wearing a red gown , is holding a negro kettle as someone is roughly to pour something in it .	a petite boy runs through the cornfield field
contradiction	A smaller boy with close-cropped hairdo , wearing a red robe , is holding a negro kettle as someone is roughly to pour something in it .	a small boy runs through the corn field
contradiction	A smaller boy with close-cropped hair , wearing a red gown , is holding a black kettle as someone is roughly to pour something in it .	a petite boy runs through the corn field
contradiction	Four males with baseball cap and logo t-shirts laughing together at a table .	The males are sells garments in a sports store .
contradiction	Four man with baseball ceiling and logo t-shirts laughing together at a tables .	The man are sale apparel in a athlete store .
contradiction	Four males with baseball chap and logo t-shirts laugh together at a table .	The male are sells garments in a sportsmen boutique .
contradiction	A hermit individuals stands on a heavily-eroded cliff-side rock while holding a naked branch aloft .	A single person stands on a heavily-eroded cliff-side spaceship
contradiction	A lonely persons stands on a heavily-eroded cliff-side rock while holding a bare branch aloft .	A lone person stands on a heavily-eroded cliff-side spaceship
contradiction	A lonesome person stands on a heavily-eroded cliff-side rock while holding a nude branch aloft .	A lonely persons stands on a heavily-eroded cliff-side spaceship
contradiction	A males in a scotland shirt is walking on a street where there are advert in Chinese .	He is walking on his hands .
contradiction	A mens in a scotsman shirt is walking on a street where there are advertisements in Chinese .	He is walking on his hands .
contradiction	A males in a scotland shirt is walking on a street where there are announcement in Chinese .	He is walking on his hands .
contradiction	Two people walking outer in the lumber in the winter timing wearing jackets with hoods on them .	Two people are soaking up the sun in the summer deadline .
contradiction	Two people walking outer in the wood in the winter periods wearing blazers with hoods on them .	Two people are soaking up the sun in the summer period .
contradiction	Two people walking outer in the timber in the winter deadline wearing jerseys with hoods on them .	Two people are soaking up the sun in the summer schedule .
contradiction	A boy in a yellow t-shirt and pink jumper talks on a portable while riding a equestrian through a crowd of people who are search on .	A boy has a white t-shirt and pink sweater
contradiction	A boy in a yellow t-shirt and pink sweater talks on a notepad while riding a equestrian through a crowd of people who are quest on .	A boy has a white t-shirt and pink sweater
contradiction	A boy in a yellow t-shirt and pink jumper talks on a notepad while riding a horse through a crowd of people who are searching on .	A boy has a white t-shirt and pink sweater
contradiction	A boy in a yellow t-shirt and pink jumper talks on a mobile while riding a equestrian through a crowd of people who are searching on .	Nobody has a shirt
contradiction	A boy in a yellow t-shirt and pink jumper talks on a movable while riding a equestrian through a crowd of people who are looking on .	Nobody has a shirt
contradiction	A boy in a yellow t-shirt and pink jumper talks on a notepad while riding a equestrian through a crowd of people who are quest on .	Nobody has a shirt
contradiction	A mens wearing red skis undergarments , a black jacket , and a white helmet is skiing down a mountain .	The men is alone slept in his bedroom on the moon .
contradiction	A men wearing red skis breeches , a negro jacket , and a white helmet is snowboard down a mountain .	The man is alone sleeping in his bedroom on the moon .
contradiction	A man wearing red ski trousers , a negro jacket , and a white helmet is snowboarding down a mountain .	The masculine is alone sleeping in his bedroom on the moon .
contradiction	A man is pushing varied cartons of bread down the street .	A female is baking bread in the ovens .
contradiction	A mens is pushing varied cartons of bread down the street .	A women is baking bread in the furnace .
contradiction	A male is pushing diverse cartons of bread down the street .	A woman is baking bread in the oven .
contradiction	A youthful females is ordering from a red food truck .	The elderly masculine was walking with his cane .
contradiction	A juvenile woman is orders from a red food truck .	The old mens was walking with his cane .
contradiction	A teen woman is orders from a red food truck .	The antique man was walking with his cane .
contradiction	A women carrying a bucket of flowers .	A dog carry a basket of food .
contradiction	A female carry a pail of flower .	A dog carrying a basket of food .
contradiction	A female carrying a pail of flowers .	A dog carrying a basket of food .
contradiction	Four people and a baby are crossed the street at a crosswalk .	People and a baby riding the bus .
contradiction	Four people and a baby are crossed the street at a crosswalk .	People and a baby riding the bus .
contradiction	Four people and a baby are cross the street at a crosswalk .	People and a baby riding the bus .
contradiction	A males is laying down internal a negro , non-working examine .	The masculine is in a Jeep .
contradiction	A mens is laying down interior a black , non-working yachting .	The males is in a Jeep .
contradiction	A mens is laying down inside a negro , non-working vessels .	The male is in a Jeep .
contradiction	Three juveniles perform a skit approximately camping .	Five adults went campsite .
contradiction	Three minors perform a skit about campsite .	Five adult went camping .
contradiction	Three youthful perform a skit approximately camping .	Five grownup went campsite .
contradiction	The petite adolescent is sitting in a red playground swing .	The adolescent is crawl in the sand .
contradiction	The petite young is sitting in a red playground swing .	The child is crawl in the sand .
contradiction	The little child is sitting in a red playground swing .	The youths is crawling in the sand .
contradiction	An accident involving a green Sudan and a grey van .	Two autos waited patiently for the light to turning green .
contradiction	An accidents involving a green Sudan and a grey van .	Two cars waited patiently for the light to turning green .
contradiction	An accident involving a green Sudan and a gray van .	Two cars waited patiently for the light to turning green .
contradiction	Women are sitting around a tables at a restaurant chatting .	Women are knitted scarves for the homeless .
contradiction	Women are sitting around a tables at a restaurant chatting .	Women are knitted scarves for the homeless .
contradiction	Women are sitting around a table at a restaurant chatting .	Women are knit scarves for the homeless .
contradiction	A kid girl standing in front of a row of yellow chair .	Nobody is standing .
contradiction	A child daughter standing in front of a row of yellow chairs .	Nobody is standing .
contradiction	A youth girls standing in front of a row of yellow chair .	Nobody is standing .
contradiction	Two male cooking , one stirring a pot while making a funny face while the other dotted at him .	Two man are reading ledger .
contradiction	Two masculine cooks , one stirring a pot while making a funny face while the other dot at him .	Two males are reading ledger .
contradiction	Two man cooks , one stirring a pot while making a funny face while the other dotted at him .	Two males are reading ledger .
contradiction	A men and a women are lie together on a grassy park field near a waterfront .	Two people are play with a frisbee at a park .
contradiction	A masculine and a females are lying together on a grassy park field near a waterfront .	Two people are playing with a frisbee at a park .
contradiction	A male and a women are lie together on a grassy park field near a waterfront .	Two people are playing with a frisbee at a park .
contradiction	A males pulling item on a cart .	A mens is pushing a baby carriage .
contradiction	A males pulling items on a cart .	A males is pushing a baby carriage .
contradiction	A males pulling item on a cart .	A male is pushing a baby carriage .
contradiction	Two girl are playing in the snow and throwing snowballs .	The two girl have no armed .
contradiction	Two girls are playing in the snowy and throwing snowballs .	The two girls have no gunpoint .
contradiction	Two daughter are play in the snow and throwing snowballs .	The two girls have no handgun .
contradiction	A man is paints letters using a stencil onto a round stand-up sign that is lying sideways .	A female is write on a napkin and showing it to her friend .
contradiction	A masculine is paint letters using a stencil onto a round stand-up sign that is lies sideways .	A woman is writing on a napkin and showing it to her friend .
contradiction	A mens is painted letters using a stencil onto a round stand-up sign that is lies sideways .	A woman is write on a napkin and showing it to her friend .
contradiction	One masculine on the left with negro hairdo , wearing sunglasses , and another men on the right with slightly graying black hair , without sunglasses but clasping his hands together , are laugh .	the people are crying in their sleep
contradiction	One males on the left with negro hair , wearing sunglasses , and another man on the right with slightly graying black hairstyle , without eyeglasses but clasping his hands together , are laughing .	the people are crying in their sleep
contradiction	One men on the left with black hair , wearing eyeglasses , and another male on the rights with slightly graying negro hairdo , without glasses but clasping his hands together , are laugh .	the people are crying in their sleep
contradiction	A females in the mid of a autos is holding a camera and is pointing it towards the backseat .	She is playing soccer in a field .
contradiction	A female in the medium of a motor is holding a camera and is pointing it towards the backseat .	She is playing soccer in a field .
contradiction	A females in the media of a automobiles is holding a camera and is pointing it toward the backseat .	She is playing soccer in a field .
contradiction	A men with a light blue t-shirt outer in the opened wearing red ear defensive while firing a shotgun .	A masculine is sitting in his cellar .
contradiction	A male with a light blue t-shirt outside in the opening wearing red ear protects while firing a gun .	A male is sitting in his basement .
contradiction	A mens with a light blue t-shirt outdoor in the open wearing red ear protecting while firing a rifles .	A mens is sitting in his cellar .
contradiction	a male with beard sitting down play an audio guitar .	The bands sets up their instruments .
contradiction	a man with beard sitting down play an acoustics guitar .	The band sets up their instruments .
contradiction	a male with beard sitting down playing an audio guitar .	The bands sets up their instruments .
contradiction	Two females wearing dresses are standing outer on the grass while one of them is holding a cup and dish .	The female are having a discussions at the office ,
contradiction	Two woman wearing dresses are standing outside on the grass while one of them is holding a cup and saucer .	The women are having a discussions at the office ,
contradiction	Two women wearing dresses are standing outside on the grass while one of them is holding a cup and dish .	The women are having a conversation at the office ,
contradiction	The masculine in the dark maroon shirt is kicking something .	the dog ate a spoon
contradiction	The male in the dark maroon shirt is kicking something .	the dog ate a spoon
contradiction	The male in the dark maroon shirt is kicking something .	the dog ate a spoon
contradiction	Person with umbrella observes flooded streets with autos in the water .	A individuals is standing in a grassy field in the sun .
contradiction	Person with umbrella observes flooded streets with automobiles in the water .	A persons is standing in a grassy field in the sun .
contradiction	Person with umbrella observes flooded streets with automobiles in the water .	A persons is standing in a grassy field in the sun .
contradiction	The youngsters masculine is trying to balances on the train trails .	A youngsters men is flying a drone at the park .
contradiction	The smaller masculine is trying to balancing on the train trails .	A teen men is flying a drone at the park .
contradiction	The young men is trying to balancing on the train trails .	A teen mens is flying a drone at the park .
contradiction	A men wearing no shirt is lift a shovel by a wheelbarrow as he works exterior .	A females wearing a snowsuit is snowboarding .
contradiction	A man wearing no shirt is lift a shovel by a wheelbarrow as he works outboard .	A women wearing a snowsuit is skiing .
contradiction	A males wearing no shirt is lifting a shovel by a wheelbarrow as he works outboard .	A woman wearing a snowsuit is skiing .
contradiction	A little girls listens to a laptops .	The girl is very elderly .
contradiction	A petite daughters listens to a portable .	The daughter is very old .
contradiction	A small girl listens to a mobile .	The girl is very antiquated .
contradiction	A woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	The presidents takes the oath of office .
contradiction	A females in bridal wear embraces an individual .	The presidential takes the oath of office .
contradiction	A female in bridal wear embraces an individual .	The presidential takes the oath of office .
contradiction	A females leans over a petite fences to take a picture of a yellow flowers .	The flowering is blue
contradiction	A female leans over a little fencing to take a images of a yellow flowers .	The flower is blue
contradiction	A females leans over a petite fences to take a photographs of a yellow flowering .	The flower is blue
contradiction	Four men in safety gear , one holding a camera , are standing on a platform .	There are 6 males in priest robes
contradiction	Four man in safety gear , one holding a camera , are standing on a platform .	There are 6 male in priest robes
contradiction	Four male in safety gear , one holding a camera , are standing on a platform .	There are 6 males in clergyman robes
contradiction	A little teenage wearing a helmet is in a baby carrier that is on the floor .	A smaller sleeps in a crib .
contradiction	A little children wearing a helmet is in a baby carrier that is on the floor .	A miner sleeps in a crib .
contradiction	A little juvenile wearing a helmet is in a baby carriers that is on the floor .	A juvenile sleeps in a crib .
contradiction	two youth boys in school sportswear are walking with something in a garbage satchel .	Two boys are sleeping beside the garbage knapsack .
contradiction	two kid boys in school garment are walking with something in a garbage wallets .	Two boys are sleep beside the garbage purses .
contradiction	two teenagers boys in school garments are walking with something in a garbage bags .	Two boys are slept beside the garbage handbag .
contradiction	A person in an orange shirt reaching up .	A persons is sitting in a chair .
contradiction	A individuals in an orange shirt reaching up .	A persons is sitting in a chairs .
contradiction	A persons in an orange shirt reaching up .	A person is sitting in a chair .
contradiction	A children couple riding on a bus with the boy 's arm around the girls .	The couple are in their parent 's vehicle .
contradiction	A adolescents couple riding on a bus with the boy 's arm around the daughters .	The couple are in their parent 's auto .
contradiction	A teens couple riding on a bus with the boy 's arm around the girls .	The couple are in their parent 's automobiles .
contradiction	A women in a green flowered garb is holding a container of yarn animals .	A mens in a dress has a sac of wooden toys .
contradiction	A women in a green flowered frock is holding a container of yarn zoo .	A man in a garb has a backpack of woods toys .
contradiction	A woman in a green flowered attire is holding a container of yarn zoo .	A masculine in a attire has a pockets of woods toys .
contradiction	Several people wearing green shirts walk on the beach together .	A male in a red shirt is reading at the park .
contradiction	Several people wearing green shirts walk on the beach together .	A male in a red shirt is reading at the park .
contradiction	Several people wearing green shirts walk on the beach together .	A mens in a red shirt is reading at the park .
contradiction	A immense crowd is standing around the commenced line .	People are crossing a finish line
contradiction	A mammoth crowd is standing around the start line .	People are cross a finishes line
contradiction	A huge crowd is standing around the begin line .	People are cross a finish line
contradiction	A male dressed in blue places mop internal a green pail as he stands on a roof that ignoring a town .	A male is jumping off a building .
contradiction	A man attired in blue places mop internal a green bucket as he stands on a roof that forgets a town .	A males is jumping off a building .
contradiction	A male attired in blue places mop inner a green pail as he stands on a roof that overlooks a city .	A men is jumping off a building .
contradiction	The petite boy stands in the mid of birds who have gathered on the pavement .	The boy is in the dog park with a bunch of dogs .
contradiction	The petite boy stands in the mid of birds who have gathered on the pavement .	The boy is in the dog park with a bunch of dogs .
contradiction	The small boy stands in the media of birds who have gathered on the sidewalk .	The boy is in the dog park with a bunch of dogs .
contradiction	Four youngsters females gymnasts clothed in black and blue leotards are preparing for their next routine .	Band performs onstage to an empty room .
contradiction	Four juvenile women gymnasts dressed in negro and blue leotards are preparing for their next ordinary .	Band performs onstage to an empty rooms .
contradiction	Four adolescent women gymnasts dressed in black and blue leotards are preparing for their next ordinary .	Band performs onstage to an hollow room .
contradiction	two people riding their bike down a street together .	A couple gets marrying at the courthouse .
contradiction	two people riding their mopeds down a street together .	A couple gets marriage at the courthouse .
contradiction	two people riding their motorcycles down a street together .	A couple gets weddings at the courthouse .
contradiction	A panel of four young pose on a muddy beach , smiling and making faces .	A mens stirs the stew .
contradiction	A panels of four underage pose on a muddy beach , smiling and making faces .	A males stirs the stew .
contradiction	A grouping of four youthful pose on a muddy beach , smiling and making faces .	A men stirs the stew .
contradiction	Two men and two females in jackets walk down a huge town street .	People eating lunch together .
contradiction	Two man and two female in jerseys walk down a massive town street .	People eating lunch together .
contradiction	Two males and two female in jerseys walk down a jumbo city street .	People eating lunch together .
contradiction	A mens in a army standardized is holding a photographs with trees in it .	The masculine , wearing dive gear , jumps off the side of the yachting into the nautical below .
contradiction	A mens in a army uniforms is holding a photographs with trees in it .	The masculine , wearing scuba gear , jumps off the side of the shipping into the maritime below .
contradiction	A men in a army uniforms is holding a photographs with trees in it .	The masculine , wearing diving gear , jumps off the side of the examining into the nautical below .
contradiction	Group of people including a male and a female playing instruments on a double-decker red Planet Hollywood tourist bus .	Five people jumped the bridges .
contradiction	Group of people including a masculine and a female play instruments on a double-decker red Planet Hollywood sightseeing bus .	Five people jumped the bridge .
contradiction	Group of people including a mens and a female playing instruments on a double-decker red Planet Hollywood tourist bus .	Five people jumped the bridges .
contradiction	A red Planet Hollywood bus carries multiple people including a mens in an orange shirt and baseball chap , one women wearing a purple shirt and another in a red shirt with her back to the camera .	There is a cat drives a cars .
contradiction	A red Planet Hollywood bus carries different people including a males in an orange shirt and baseball chap , one female wearing a purple shirt and another in a red shirt with her back to the camera .	There is a cat driving a motors .
contradiction	A red Planet Hollywood bus carries numerous people including a male in an orange shirt and baseball ceiling , one females wearing a purple shirt and another in a red shirt with her back to the camera .	There is a cat drives a motor .
contradiction	A persons in a negro and green outfit is riding a motorcycle .	a girl runs down the street
contradiction	A persons in a negro and green outfit is riding a cycle .	a girl runs down the street
contradiction	A individuals in a negro and green outfit is riding a bicycles .	a girls runs down the street
contradiction	Families with strollers waiting in front of a carousel .	Families have some dogs in front of a carousel
contradiction	Families with strollers wait in front of a carousel .	Families have some dogs in front of a carousel
contradiction	Families with strollers wait in front of a carousel .	Families have some dogs in front of a carousel
contradiction	Two teenaged in blue wetsuits surfer .	Two adolescent build a sand castle .
contradiction	Two youngsters in blue wetsuits surfer .	Two kid build a sand castle .
contradiction	Two teenager in blue wetsuits surfing .	Two children build a sand castle .
contradiction	There is a line of numerous trucks with declares on the side parked by the side of the path , with the `` Grilled Cheese Truck `` and the `` Calbi '' truck in focuses .	a dog jumps
contradiction	There is a line of varied trucks with announcing on the side parked by the side of the route , with the `` Grilled Cheese Truck `` and the `` Calbi '' truck in focuses .	a dog jumps
contradiction	There is a line of assorted trucks with announces on the side parked by the side of the pathway , with the `` Grilled Cheese Truck `` and the `` Calbi '' truck in focusing .	a dog jumps
contradiction	A youngsters skateboards by a mural of a griffin wielding a flaming sword .	A minors bicycling by a mural .
contradiction	A underage skateboards by a mural of a griffin wielding a flaming sabre .	A youthful bike by a mural .
contradiction	A young skateboards by a mural of a griffin wielding a flaming sabre .	A adolescence biking by a mural .
contradiction	Runners in varied sportsmen attire , as well as one individual in a spotted-green lung costume , run to the rights .	Runners are sleeping
contradiction	Runners in diverse athlete dress , as well as one individual in a spotted-green dragons costume , run to the right .	Runners are sleeping
contradiction	Runners in differing athletes dress , as well as one individual in a spotted-green lungs costume , run to the rights .	Runners are sleeping
contradiction	Several males at a bar watch a sports game on the tv .	The males are at a baseball game .
contradiction	Several mens at a bar watch a sport game on the tv .	The masculine are at a baseball games .
contradiction	Several men at a bar watch a sportsman game on the television .	The masculine are at a baseball games .
contradiction	A woman is cleanliness up by putting dishes in the dishwasher after making supper .	a woman is at the beach
contradiction	A women is cleanliness up by putting dishes in the dishwasher after making supper .	a females is at the beach
contradiction	A woman is cleanliness up by putting dishes in the dishwasher after making supper .	a female is at the beach
contradiction	A masculine in a winter jacket and knitted caps stand with his firearms up at his side in a snowy landscape .	A masculine is standing in a deserts .
contradiction	A mens in a winter jacket and knit chap stand with his rifles up at his side in a snowy landscape .	A mens is standing in a desert .
contradiction	A men in a winter jacket and knitted cap stand with his rifles up at his side in a snowy landscape .	A males is standing in a deserts .
contradiction	A families is taking part in a walk-a-thon .	Everyone here is play some video game .
contradiction	A family is taking part in a walk-a-thon .	Everyone here is play some videotaped games .
contradiction	A families is taking part in a walk-a-thon .	Everyone here is playing some videos game .
contradiction	Black dog running very fastest .	A cat is running through a field .
contradiction	Black dog running very quicker .	A cat is running through a field .
contradiction	Black dog running very quicker .	A cat is running through a field .
contradiction	A panels of people is sitting at a heavy tables and using painting brushes to form characters on white paper .	The people are using their fingers to painting with .
contradiction	A groups of people is sitting at a huge tables and using paintings brushes to form characters on white paper .	The people are using their fingers to paint with .
contradiction	A group of people is sitting at a overwhelming tables and using paints brushes to form characters on white paper .	The people are using their fingers to paint with .
contradiction	a male miner is working on a school project .	The boy sitting on top of his dads truck .
contradiction	a men teenagers is working on a school projects .	The boy sitting on top of his dads truck .
contradiction	a male young is working on a school project .	The boy sitting on top of his dads truck .
contradiction	A boy works on a project in shop class .	The boy peeks through a doorway at people working on their shop class project .
contradiction	A boy works on a project in shop class .	The boy peeks through a doorway at people working on their shop class projects .
contradiction	A boy works on a project in shop class .	The boy peeks through a doorway at people working on their shop class project .
contradiction	Chefs prepare food on a grille in front of their client .	The chefs are making food for themselves .
contradiction	Chefs prepare food on a grill in front of their customers .	The chefs are making food for themselves .
contradiction	Chefs prepare food on a grille in front of their clients .	The chefs are making food for themselves .
contradiction	A bald , black mens wearing safety eyeglasses and a long-sleeved black shirt is using a pick and hammer to sculpt a significant rock into art .	A bald black male is painted on a canvas with paintings on a pick and hammer .
contradiction	A bald , black men wearing safety eyeglasses and a long-sleeved negro shirt is using a pick and hammer to carve a significant rock into art .	A bald black men is painting on a canvas with paints on a pick and hammer .
contradiction	A bald , black men wearing safety eyeglasses and a long-sleeved negro shirt is using a pick and hammer to sculpt a significant rock into art .	A bald black masculine is painting on a canvas with painting on a pick and hammer .
contradiction	Three men are sitting on a beach clothed in orange with refused wagons in front of them .	Empty trash cans are sitting on a beach .
contradiction	Three male are sitting on a beach clothed in orange with refuse wagons in front of them .	Empty trash cans are sitting on a beach .
contradiction	Three masculine are sitting on a beach attired in orange with refusing wagons in front of them .	Empty rubbish cans are sitting on a beach .
contradiction	Two roadside workers with lime green safety jerseys , white arduous hats and gloves on with construction cones in the background	A women chastises another .
contradiction	Two roadside workers with lime green safety jerseys , white strenuous hats and gloves on with construction cones in the background	A women chastises another .
contradiction	Two roadside workers with lime green safety blazers , white difficult hats and gloves on with construction cones in the background	A female chastises another .
contradiction	Three people are walking on a beach .	People are swim in the oceanic .
contradiction	Three people are walking on a beach .	People are swimming in the ocean .
contradiction	Three people are walking on a beach .	People are swim in the ocean .
contradiction	A brown dog and negro and white dog run along the green grass .	Two squirrels run after acorns in the grass .
contradiction	A brown dog and negro and white dog run along the green grass .	Two squirrels run after acorns in the grass .
contradiction	A brown dog and negro and white dog run along the green grass .	Two squirrels run after acorns in the grass .
contradiction	A men in a blue scotsman shirt with black breeches is sitting on a box and holding something in his hand .	a mens waits tables insdie
contradiction	A males in a blue whisky shirt with negro breeches is sitting on a box and holding something in his hand .	a mens waits tables insdie
contradiction	A masculine in a blue scotch shirt with negro undergarments is sitting on a box and holding something in his hand .	a male waits table insdie
contradiction	A panels of adolescence sitting on the ground laughing as another boy jumps over the group .	The young are standing up crying .
contradiction	A group of underage sitting on the ground laugh as another boy jumps over the panels .	The juveniles are standing up crying .
contradiction	A panels of young sitting on the ground laugh as another boy jumps over the group .	The teens are standing up crying .
contradiction	A little dog clocks two vast dogs play crude in a field .	3 dogs are slept .
contradiction	A little dog clocks two jumbo dogs play crude in a field .	3 dogs are sleep .
contradiction	A petite dog watches two vast dogs playing crude in a field .	3 dogs are slumber .
contradiction	Five people standing under a tent-like structure celebrating the 25th Annual Longboard Classic .	There are two people .
contradiction	Five people standing under a tent-like structure celebrating the 25th Annual Longboard Classic .	There are two people .
contradiction	Five people standing under a tent-like structure celebrating the 25th Annual Longboard Classic .	There are two people .
contradiction	A group of African Americans getting prepared to eat .	An outboard concert at the park .
contradiction	A groups of African Americans getting ready to eat .	An outside concert at the park .
contradiction	A groups of African Americans getting poised to eat .	An exterior concert at the park .
contradiction	Two people are walking through a path with branches from neighboring tree overhead .	A couple is write a letter to their owners .
contradiction	Two people are walking through a route with branches from neighbors tree overhead .	A couple is writing a letter to their landlord .
contradiction	Two people are walking through a routes with branches from neighbor trees overhead .	A couple is write a letter to their homeowner .
contradiction	Cheerleaders standing on a football field .	Cheerleaders are standing on a bridge .
contradiction	Cheerleaders standing on a football field .	Cheerleaders are standing on a bridges .
contradiction	Cheerleaders standing on a football field .	Cheerleaders are standing on a bridges .
contradiction	A female in a negro outfit lie face first on a yoga treadmill ; several paintings are hanged on the wall , and the sun shines through a mammoth window near her .	A woman is asleep while moonlight filters in the window .
contradiction	A female in a black outfit lurks face first on a yoga rugs ; assorted paints are hanged on the wall , and the sun shines through a big window near her .	A woman is asleep while moonshine filters in the window .
contradiction	A female in a black outfit lying face first on a yoga carpet ; varying paintings are hanged on the wall , and the sun shines through a huge window near her .	A women is asleep while moonlight filters in the window .
contradiction	Coach talks with football player , other gamers and crowd in background .	A football player is climbing into the stands at a game
contradiction	Coach talks with football player , other players and crowd in background .	A football player is climb into the stands at a game
contradiction	Coach talks with football player , other players and crowd in background .	A football player is climbing into the stands at a game
contradiction	A men with a beer in his hand listens to a female talk .	A woman has a beer .
contradiction	A man with a beer in his hand listens to a female talk .	A female has a beer .
contradiction	A male with a beer in his hand listens to a women talk .	A females has a beer .
contradiction	a teenage female siting on a park bench in the sun .	The miners female is sitting on a bench in the rain .
contradiction	a youthful females siting on a park bench in the sun .	The kids woman is sitting on a bench in the rain .
contradiction	a minors woman siting on a park bench in the sun .	The youngsters women is sitting on a bench in the rain .
contradiction	A blond female sits on a park bench while wearing a brown tank top and olive green shorts .	A brunette female sits on a sofa .
contradiction	A blond females sits on a park bench while wearing a brown tank top and olive green shorts .	A brunette woman sits on a sofa .
contradiction	A blond woman sits on a park bench while wearing a brown tank top and olive green shorts .	A brunette women sits on a sofa .
contradiction	A women carry a heavy pack on her head walks in front of a building plastered with Portuguese placards announcing a concert .	A Norwegian male carries groceries home .
contradiction	A women carry a huge packed on her head walks in front of a building plastered with Portuguese posters declares a concert .	A Norwegian man carries groceries home .
contradiction	A female carrying a enormous packages on her head walks in front of a building plastered with Portuguese placards advertisement a concert .	A Norwegian man carries groceries home .
contradiction	A cheerleader in a tight red and white uniformed is passing out white t-shirts at a athletes events .	A player passes out hotdogs
contradiction	A cheerleader in a tight red and white uniformed is passing out white t-shirts at a athlete event .	A player passes out hotdogs
contradiction	A cheerleader in a tight red and white uniformed is passing out white t-shirts at a athletes events .	A player passes out hotdogs
contradiction	Crowd cheerleaders attired in red , white , and blue smile as they pass out rolled up t-shirts to a full stadium of people .	Players pass out footballs to the crowd
contradiction	Crowd cheerleaders clothed in red , white , and blue smile as they pass out rolled up t-shirts to a full stadium of people .	Players pass out footballs to the crowd
contradiction	Crowd cheerleaders clothed in red , white , and blue smile as they pass out rolled up t-shirts to a full stadium of people .	Players pass out footballs to the crowd
contradiction	Children in yellow athlete standardized climbing a tower .	The children crawling in sand .
contradiction	Children in yellow athletes uniform climbing a tower .	The teenager crawling in sand .
contradiction	Children in yellow sports uniforms climb a tower .	The teenage crawl in sand .
contradiction	A brown dog errand through a field .	A dog is barking out of the window .
contradiction	A brown dog errand through a field .	A dog is bark out of the window .
contradiction	A brown dog errand through a field .	A dog is bark out of the window .
contradiction	A dog running in lengthy grass , a dwelling development behind it .	A pet is slept by the fireplace .
contradiction	A dog running in long grass , a house development behind it .	A pet is sleep by the hearth .
contradiction	A dog running in long grass , a houses development behind it .	A pet is sleep by the fireplace .
contradiction	An archaic Indian male clothed in rags sleeps on the ground using his pockets as a pillow .	An antique Indian male is clothed up
contradiction	An antique Indian masculine dressed in rags sleeps on the ground using his backpack as a pillow .	An elder Indian masculine is dressed up
contradiction	An seniors Indian masculine clothed in rags sleeps on the ground using his purses as a pillow .	An age Indian man is dressed up
contradiction	An older Indian male clothed in rags sleeps on the ground using his handbags as a pillow .	An outdated Indian masculine is running on the ground .
contradiction	An elder Indian mens clothed in rags sleeps on the ground using his handbags as a pillow .	An age Indian male is running on the ground .
contradiction	An aging Indian men attired in rags sleeps on the ground using his sac as a pillow .	An elderly Indian men is running on the ground .
contradiction	A Vietnamese females wearing a gray top carries huge clear handbag of groceries using a stick to balances everything on her shoulder .	Nobody is carrying anything
contradiction	A Vietnamese female wearing a gray top carries big clear wallets of groceries using a stick to balancing everything on her shoulder .	Nobody is carrying anything
contradiction	A Vietnamese females wearing a grey top carries mammoth clear rucksack of groceries using a stick to balancing everything on her shoulder .	Nobody is carrying anything
contradiction	Two daughter feeding a equestrian an apple .	A horse is eating a banana .
contradiction	Two girl feeding a equestrian an apple .	A equestrian is eating a banana .
contradiction	Two girl feeding a horse an apple .	A horse is eating a banana .
contradiction	A mens playing cricket	a females plays polo
contradiction	A men playing cricket	a woman plays polo
contradiction	A male play cricket	a females plays polo
contradiction	A man in a blue jog suit is running on the sidewalk in front of a painting .	A male is running on a pavement with no paintings .
contradiction	A man in a blue jog suit is running on the pavement in front of a paintings .	A masculine is running on a pavement with no painting .
contradiction	A male in a blue jog suit is running on the pavement in front of a paint .	A men is running on a sidewalk with no painting .
contradiction	A basketball player in a red uniforms is trying to make a basket but is being blocked by the oppose team .	The basketball player is stretch on the sidelines .
contradiction	A basketball player in a red standardized is trying to make a basket but is being blocked by the opposing team .	The basketball player is stretching on the sidelines .
contradiction	A basketball player in a red uniformed is trying to make a basket but is being blocked by the opposed team .	The basketball player is stretching on the sidelines .
contradiction	One males , shirtless , and a women , dressed , jumping in the water .	Two people are in a helicopters , high above the Sahara desert .
contradiction	One men , shirtless , and a women , dressed , jumping in the water .	Two people are in a helicopter , high above the Sahara deserts .
contradiction	One masculine , shirtless , and a woman , clothed , jumping in the water .	Two people are in a helicopters , high above the Sahara deserts .
contradiction	A small , pale fowl bends down to ships a crumb .	The bird is in the aeroplane .
contradiction	A little , pale fowl bends down to browsing a crumb .	The bird is in the air .
contradiction	A petite , pale bird bends down to ship a crumb .	The fowl is in the aviation .
contradiction	Some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	There is only one dog at the beach .
contradiction	Some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	There is only one dog at the beach .
contradiction	Some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	There is only one dog at the beach .
contradiction	A rugby player running the ball between two downed opponents .	Someone is play hockey .
contradiction	A rugby player running the ball between two downed opponents .	Someone is play hockey .
contradiction	A rugby player running the ball between two downed opponents .	Someone is playing hockey .
contradiction	A persons walks outer carrying a rucksack , while a teenage daughters in pink walks behind her .	A woman carry a girl , with a bag behind her
contradiction	A person walks outdoor carrying a purse , while a adolescents girls in pink walks behind her .	A woman carry a daughters , with a knapsack behind her
contradiction	A person walks outdoor carrying a satchel , while a teenaged daughters in pink walks behind her .	A women carrying a girls , with a wallets behind her
contradiction	A clown performs in a park among other people .	A murderer seeks prey .
contradiction	A clown performs in a park among other people .	A murderer seeks prey .
contradiction	A clown performs in a park among other people .	A killer seeks prey .
contradiction	A clown performs in a park among other people .	Inside the cupboard is dark .
contradiction	A clown performs in a park among other people .	Inside the closet is dark .
contradiction	A clown performs in a park among other people .	Inside the cupboard is dark .
contradiction	A masculine in a suit speaking to a seated females .	A man in a costume speaking to another men .
contradiction	A masculine in a suit speaking to a seated women .	A men in a costume speaking to another man .
contradiction	A masculine in a suit speaking to a seated female .	A males in a costume speaking to another man .
contradiction	A miner boy using a spatula to handled meat on a grille .	A teenagers boy is grilling vegetables .
contradiction	A adolescents boy using a spatula to handled meat on a grill .	A youths boy is grilling vegetables .
contradiction	A young boy using a spatula to handle meat on a grill .	A adolescents boy is grilling vegetables .
contradiction	A male is making a telephones calling .	A males is sleeping on a cot .
contradiction	A masculine is making a telephones call .	A masculine is slumber on a cot .
contradiction	A male is making a phone call .	A mens is sleep on a cot .
contradiction	A female is taking a photograph of a men .	The crowd is watching a parade .
contradiction	A women is taking a pictures of a males .	The crowd is watching a parade .
contradiction	A woman is taking a photography of a men .	The crowd is watching a parade .
contradiction	During calves roping a cowboy calls off his horse .	A men ropes a calves successfully .
contradiction	During calves roping a cowboy calls off his horse .	A masculine ropes a calf successfully .
contradiction	During calf roping a cowboy calls off his equestrian .	A male ropes a calves successfully .
contradiction	A mens is ducking down between the red tulips in a flowers field .	The males is inland .
contradiction	A male is ducking down between the red tulips in a flowers field .	The man is indoor .
contradiction	A males is ducking down between the red tulips in a flower field .	The men is inland .
contradiction	A lady , attired in a costume , is posing with an hatchet in the mid of the wood .	A dame with an hatchet is standing in the middle of a crowded mall .
contradiction	A dame , dressed in a costume , is posing with an axe in the middle of the woods .	A lady with an ax is standing in the medium of a crowded mall .
contradiction	A lady , clothed in a costume , is posing with an hatchet in the middle of the wooden .	A dame with an hatchet is standing in the mid of a crowded mall .
contradiction	Two people linked to ropes wearing bright orange helmets are sitting on a rocky crag high in the mountains .	People sit on a couch .
contradiction	Two people linked to ropes wearing bright orange helmets are sitting on a rocky crag high in the mountains .	People sit on a couch .
contradiction	Two people related to ropes wearing bright orange helmets are sitting on a rocky crag high in the mountains .	People sit on a couch .
contradiction	A women lowering ballast on a boats .	The females is on an airliner .
contradiction	A females reduced ballast on a sail .	The women is on an aircraft .
contradiction	A women shortening ballast on a ships .	The women is on an plane .
contradiction	Two climbers are backpacking up a snow slanted .	Two people are hiking with backpacks on in warm weather .
contradiction	Two climbers are backpacking up a snowy sloping .	Two people are hiking with backpacks on in warm weather .
contradiction	Two hikers are backpacking up a snow sloping .	Two people are hiking with backpacks on in warm weather .
contradiction	Two mountaineers are walking across a snowcapped mountain .	Two mountaineers sitting at the beach .
contradiction	Two mountaineers are walking across a snowcapped mountain .	Two mountaineers sitting at the beach .
contradiction	Two mountaineers are walking across a snowcapped mountain .	Two mountaineers sitting at the beach .
contradiction	A dark-skinned person , crouched while paintings a sign .	A white masculine is painting his house .
contradiction	A dark-skinned person , crouched while paints a sign .	A white men is painted his house .
contradiction	A dark-skinned person , crouched while paintings a sign .	A white males is paintings his houses .
contradiction	A bald person in green clothes stands in front of a brick wall .	A hairy persons naps .
contradiction	A bald individuals in green clothing stands in front of a brick wall .	A hairy individuals naps .
contradiction	A bald individuals in green garments stands in front of a brick wall .	A hairy person naps .
contradiction	A minor men is playing a blue guitar .	An aging men plays the violin to a grouping of people .
contradiction	A youth male is play a blue guitar .	An elders male plays the violin to a groups of people .
contradiction	A youths men is playing a blue guitar .	An antiquated masculine plays the violin to a panels of people .
contradiction	A male wearing black slacks and a helmet is riding a brown equestrian .	A men is riding a hefty .
contradiction	A mens wearing black trousers and a helmet is riding a brown equestrian .	A man is riding a enormous .
contradiction	A males wearing negro pants and a helmet is riding a brown horse .	A men is riding a huge .
contradiction	People waiting in line in a snowstorm .	People are waiting in a line during a scorching drought .
contradiction	People wait in line in a blizzard .	People are wait in a line during a scorching drought .
contradiction	People waiting in line in a blizzard .	People are wait in a line during a scorching drought .
contradiction	Xylophonists playing in a dark setting .	some people walking on the road
contradiction	Xylophonists play in a dark setting .	some people walking on the road
contradiction	Xylophonists play in a dark setting .	some people walking on the road
contradiction	A females wearing a bright orange blouse is weaving .	A woman is ironing red underclothes .
contradiction	A female wearing a bright orange blouse is weaving .	A women is ironing red slacks .
contradiction	A females wearing a bright orange blouse is weaving .	A female is ironing red undergarments .
contradiction	Athletic males in matches black undergarments performing under the spotlight .	A panels of daughter talk and laughing exterior .
contradiction	Athletic males in matching negro panties performing under the spotlight .	A panels of daughters talk and laughing outboard .
contradiction	Athletic man in matching black underpants performing under the spotlight .	A panel of girls talk and laugh outboard .
contradiction	a petite brown and white dog swimming through the pool next to a man .	A male forces his cat to learning how to use a scuba board .
contradiction	a small brown and white dog swimming through the pool next to a masculine .	A man forces his cat to learned how to use a dive board .
contradiction	a petite brown and white dog swim through the pool next to a men .	A men forces his cat to learn how to use a dives board .
contradiction	Children nap on a floor while others stand by .	Children are play childish games while others stand by .
contradiction	Children nap on a floor while others stand by .	Children are play childish game while others stand by .
contradiction	Children nap on a floor while others stand by .	Children are playing childish game while others stand by .
contradiction	A females wearing white and black carries a serving tray .	A woman wearing white and negro grips a steering wheels with both hands as she evades the policeman .
contradiction	A woman wearing white and black carries a serving tray .	A women wearing white and negro grips a steering wheel with both hands as she evades the cop .
contradiction	A woman wearing white and negro carries a serving tray .	A women wearing white and black grips a steering wheel with both hands as she evades the policeman .
contradiction	A daughters play soccer in a green field with some trees in the background .	The soccer ball is chasing the daughters .
contradiction	A daughters play soccer in a green field with some tree in the background .	The soccer ball is hunted the daughters .
contradiction	A daughters playing soccer in a green field with some tree in the background .	The soccer ball is chasing the daughter .
contradiction	A negro dog is running through a marsh-like area .	A yellow dog is hunt a rabbit .
contradiction	A negro dog is running through a marsh-like areas .	A yellow dog is chase a rabbit .
contradiction	A negro dog is running through a marsh-like areas .	A yellow dog is manhunt a rabbits .
contradiction	Two mens are boxing in fights arena .	Two females are battle .
contradiction	Two man are boxing in struggles arena .	Two woman are struggle .
contradiction	Two males are boxing in battles arena .	Two woman are struggles .
contradiction	A panel of people are in a skiff in the marina surrounded by seagulls .	A groups of people are internal watching a hockey games .
contradiction	A groups of people are in a canoeing in the naval surrounded by seagulls .	A groups of people are inner watching a hockey game .
contradiction	A panel of people are in a canoe in the navy surrounded by seagulls .	A group of people are interior watching a hockey game .
contradiction	A guy in a bright green hoodie is crossing a crosswalk while search at an accidents between some car and a bicycles .	A guy looks upon a collision between motorboats .
contradiction	A guy in a bright green hoodie is crossed a crosswalk while looking at an accidents between some vehicles and a cyclist .	A guy looks upon a collision between motorboats .
contradiction	A guy in a bright green hoodie is crossing a crosswalk while searches at an accident between some cars and a cycling .	A guy looks upon a collision between motorboats .
contradiction	A male testing model airlines in an open field .	A male is mowing his lawn .
contradiction	A masculine test model aerial in an opening field .	A masculine is mowing his lawn .
contradiction	A male test model airlines in an open field .	A masculine is mowing his lawn .
contradiction	Three guys in red standardized celebrating a goals in a soccer games .	Three mens in blue block a soccer ball .
contradiction	Three guys in red standardized celebrating a goal in a soccer games .	Three males in blue block a soccer ball .
contradiction	Three guys in red uniform celebrating a goal in a soccer games .	Three mens in blue block a soccer ball .
contradiction	A little boy punching out flashcards from the cardboard they came in .	A boy clocks TV .
contradiction	A small boy punching out flashcards from the cardboard they came in .	A boy clocks TV .
contradiction	A petite boy punching out flashcards from the cardboard they came in .	A boy clocks TV .
contradiction	A minor women attired in negro attaches purse full of flowers to a moped .	The female is archaic .
contradiction	A young female attired in black attaches purses full of flowers to a cyclist .	The women is age .
contradiction	A miners females clothed in negro attaches rucksack full of flowering to a cycle .	The females is older .
contradiction	People shopping at an outer market	People walk around an inland mall .
contradiction	People shopping at an outboard market	People walk around an inner mall .
contradiction	People shopping at an exterior market	People walk around an inland mall .
contradiction	The Man is outer on the beach walking his dog .	The male and his dog are taking a sailing ride .
contradiction	The Man is outer on the beach walking his dog .	The man and his dog are taking a explore ride .
contradiction	The Man is outer on the beach walking his dog .	The men and his dog are taking a explores ride .
contradiction	The Man is outside on the beach walking his dog .	The man is at the beach fishing .
contradiction	The Man is outside on the beach walking his dog .	The male is at the beach fishing .
contradiction	The Man is exterior on the beach walking his dog .	The masculine is at the beach fishing .
contradiction	A grouping of adult standing up with teens in athlete garb kneeling on the ground .	A female drinks moonshine .
contradiction	A panel of grownup standing up with juveniles in sports frock kneeling on the ground .	A women drinks moonlight .
contradiction	A groups of grownup standing up with underage in sportsman attire kneeling on the ground .	A women beverages moonlight .
contradiction	A masculine in a negro shirt is roughly to crossing the paths while on his cellphone , another man is laying on the ground while a dame in the background watches .	A teenaged is upset and crying on the ground .
contradiction	A masculine in a black shirt is approximately to crossed the path while on his movable , another man is laying on the ground while a dame in the background clocks .	A miners is upset and crying on the ground .
contradiction	A male in a black shirt is about to cross the path while on his mobiles , another man is laying on the ground while a dame in the background clocks .	A minor is upset and crying on the ground .
contradiction	A men with a beard is conversation on the movable and standing next to someone who is lurks down on the street .	Two women stand on the sidewalk and hail a cab
contradiction	A males with a beard is talking on the cellphone and standing next to someone who is lying down on the street .	Two women stand on the sidewalk and hail a cab
contradiction	A masculine with a beard is conversation on the notebooks and standing next to someone who is lying down on the street .	Two women stand on the pavement and hail a cab
contradiction	A daughter in negro undergarments doing exercises .	Two guys lifting oranges to build up muscles .
contradiction	A girls in black panties doing exercise .	Two guys lifted oranges to build up muscles .
contradiction	A daughter in black trousers doing exercises .	Two guys lift oranges to build up muscles .
contradiction	Family gathered together in a housing enjoying each other corporate .	A families is out to eat at a restaurant .
contradiction	Family gathered together in a house enjoying each other corporation .	A families is out to eat at a restaurant .
contradiction	Family gathered together in a housing enjoying each other ventures .	A family is out to eat at a restaurant .
contradiction	The blond boy is riding roller-coaster with his mouth wide opening .	a female is riding a roller-coaster
contradiction	The blond boy is riding roller-coaster with his mouth extensive opens .	a female is riding a roller-coaster
contradiction	The blond boy is riding roller-coaster with his mouth wide openings .	a females is riding a roller-coaster
contradiction	A men in a blue t-shirt is taking a photographic while a females with an umbrella walks behind him .	There is a dog doing the moonwalk in the background .
contradiction	A male in a blue t-shirt is taking a image while a females with an umbrella walks behind him .	There is a dog doing the moonwalk in the background .
contradiction	A mens in a blue t-shirt is taking a photographing while a females with an umbrella walks behind him .	There is a dog doing the moonwalk in the background .
contradiction	Two male stand near a piece of enormous machinery .	Two men are having sex
contradiction	Two man stand near a piece of immense machinery .	Two male are having sex
contradiction	Two men stand near a piece of immense machinery .	Two men are having sex
contradiction	A females in a brown shirt is kneeling in the street .	A women is riding a bicycling .
contradiction	A women in a brown shirt is kneeling in the street .	A woman is riding a moped .
contradiction	A woman in a brown shirt is kneeling in the street .	A women is riding a motorbike .
contradiction	Two masculine aid each other chop a sheet of plastic .	Two friends drank beer .
contradiction	Two males assisting each other cut a sheet of plastic .	Two friends drank beer .
contradiction	Two male help each other cutting a sheet of plastic .	Two friends drink beer .
contradiction	A females swimmer wearing a swim caps does the butterfly stroke .	A female is sitting beside a pool .
contradiction	A female swimmer wearing a swimming cap does the butterfly stroke .	A women is sitting beside a pool .
contradiction	A females swimmer wearing a swimming ceilings does the butterflies stroke .	A females is sitting beside a pool .
contradiction	Two daughters aboard an entertainment park ride .	Two girls playing leap rope in the street .
contradiction	Two daughters aboard an entertainment park ride .	Two daughters playing jump rope in the street .
contradiction	Two daughter aboard an amusement park ride .	Two girl playing jump rope in the street .
contradiction	A female in a lengthy , dark coat looks through trashcans in Winter .	A woman is standing by a fire pit .
contradiction	A women in a lengthy , dark coat looks through trashcans in Winter .	A female is standing by a fire pit .
contradiction	A females in a lengthy , dark coat looks through trashcans in Winter .	A women is standing by a fire pit .
contradiction	Two boys in running garment stretching .	The boys are slept .
contradiction	Two boys in running apparel stretch .	The boys are slumber .
contradiction	Two boys in running clothing stretch .	The boys are slept .
contradiction	Three woman sit at a tables , taking notes from three same magazines .	Three women are watching TV .
contradiction	Three woman sit at a table , taking notes from three identical magazines .	Three women are watching TV .
contradiction	Three females sit at a table , taking notes from three identical magazine .	Three females are watching TV .
contradiction	a soccer player wearing a red uniform walks off the field after a game near a parking lot .	A soccer player kicks and scores a aims .
contradiction	a soccer player wearing a red uniform walks off the field after a game near a parking batch .	A soccer player karate and scores a purposes .
contradiction	a soccer player wearing a red uniforms walks off the field after a games near a parking lot .	A soccer player karate and dozens a goals .
contradiction	Three child , two boys and a girl , are play with the swings on a playground with residential houses in the background .	The two boys and one daughters are limbless .
contradiction	Three young , two boys and a girls , are play with the swings on a playground with residential housing in the background .	The two boys and one daughter are limbless .
contradiction	Three teens , two boys and a girl , are play with the swings on a playground with residential house in the background .	The two boys and one daughters are limbless .
contradiction	A rocker standing with one foot on the stages holding the mics attached to the stand over his head .	A masculine is sound audit his guitar in the back room avant a gig .
contradiction	A rocker standing with one footing on the stages holding the microphone attached to the stand over his head .	A men is sound auditing his guitar in the back room prior a gig .
contradiction	A rocker standing with one feet on the stages holding the mics attach to the stand over his head .	A man is sound auditing his guitar in the back room prior a gig .
contradiction	Expert snowboarding is trying a novel trick .	The persons is surf on the water .
contradiction	Expert snowboarding is trying a newer trick .	The person is surfer on the water .
contradiction	Expert snowboard is trying a new trick .	The individuals is surfing on the water .
contradiction	A skateboarder does a trick in jets .	A roller skater doing a back flip .
contradiction	A skateboarder does a trick in airways .	A roller skater doing a back flip .
contradiction	A skateboarder does a ploy in aviation .	A roller skater doing a back flip .
contradiction	Young individuals in negro next to an old individuals in black and white polka points .	A youths individuals in white next to an antiquated person .
contradiction	Young individuals in negro next to an antique person in negro and white polka points .	A teenaged person in white next to an elderly person .
contradiction	Young person in black next to an ancient individuals in black and white polka dot .	A children individuals in white next to an elderly person .
contradiction	Two minors girl show printing of a line drawing of an animal .	Two miners boys show print of a line drawing of inanimate objects .
contradiction	Two kid girl show prints of a line drawing of an animal .	Two miner boys show printing of a line drawing of inanimate objects .
contradiction	Two minor daughters show printing of a line drawing of an zoo .	Two miners boys show print of a line drawing of inanimate objects .
contradiction	Two female are reading , one females has a magazine with a Dior announce on the back of it , while the other female is reading fro mam strenuous covered book .	Two females are cooking , one has steak , while the other has burgers .
contradiction	Two females are reading , one female has a magazines with a Dior promotional on the back of it , while the other women is reading fro mom harsh cover book .	Two women are cooking , one has steak , while the other has burgers .
contradiction	Two females are reading , one woman has a magazines with a Dior advertisement on the back of it , while the other women is reading fro mum hard cover book .	Two female are cook , one has steak , while the other has burgers .
contradiction	Men sitting on the side of a brick path .	the side of the routes is empty .
contradiction	Men sitting on the side of a brick route .	the side of the road is empty .
contradiction	Men sitting on the side of a brick pathway .	the side of the path is empty .
contradiction	Several adult look on while a teen girls plays in a ball pit .	A youngsters daughters is sitting in her chairs .
contradiction	Several grownups look on while a youth daughters plays in a ball pit .	A kid daughters is sitting in her chairs .
contradiction	Several grownups look on while a adolescent daughters plays in a ball pit .	A youngsters daughters is sitting in her chairs .
contradiction	A females with a purse , conversations on her notebook , standing on the nook of the street , waiting to cross .	A men yells at the tv for no reason .
contradiction	A woman with a purse , conversations on her laptop , standing on the nook of the street , waiting to crossing .	A man yells at the televisions for no reason .
contradiction	A female with a knapsack , conversations on her cellular , standing on the cornering of the street , wait to crossed .	A mens yells at the tvs for no reason .
contradiction	Blond-haired girls wearing a bicycles helmet , a black t-shirt that reads `` Twizzlers '' and a printed dog label pendant around her neck .	two man pose in suits
contradiction	Blond-haired daughters wearing a motorbikes helmet , a black t-shirt that reads `` Twizzlers '' and a printed dog labeled pendant around her neck .	two male pose in suits
contradiction	Blond-haired daughters wearing a bicycling helmet , a negro t-shirt that reads `` Twizzlers '' and a printed dog labeling necklace around her neck .	two men pose in suits
contradiction	Firemen stand outside of their firetruck with all its lights on .	Policemen stand exterior of their firetruck with all its lighting on .
contradiction	Firemen stand outer of their firetruck with all its lights on .	Policemen stand outdoor of their firetruck with all its lighting on .
contradiction	Firemen stand outer of their firetruck with all its lights on .	Policemen stand outboard of their firetruck with all its illumination on .
contradiction	This males dressed in white underclothes and blue shirt , is standing on a ledge in the snow .	A mens is standing on a large field of lava .
contradiction	This men dressed in white trousers and blue shirt , is standing on a ledge in the snow .	A mens is standing on a vast field of lava .
contradiction	This male dressed in white trousers and blue shirt , is standing on a ledge in the snow .	A male is standing on a huge field of lava .
contradiction	A crowd watching a skateboarder .	A cow is eating grass
contradiction	A crowd watching a skateboarder .	A cow is eating grass
contradiction	A crowd watching a skateboarder .	A cow is eating grass
contradiction	A mens holding a briefcase on a underground .	A man is standing in the medium of a field with a briefcase .
contradiction	A males holding a briefcase on a subway .	A male is standing in the medium of a field with a briefcase .
contradiction	A masculine holding a briefcase on a metro .	A males is standing in the mid of a field with a briefcase .
contradiction	A child barefoot girl wearing a helmet walks down a mossy cover fallen down trees .	The minors wearing sneakers skips down a forestry paths .
contradiction	A kids barefoot daughters wearing a helmet walks down a mossy covered fallen down tree .	The adolescence wearing sneakers skips down a forester pathway .
contradiction	A teenage barefoot girls wearing a helmet walks down a mossy cover fallen down trees .	The teenagers wearing sneakers skips down a forest path .
contradiction	The boy in pajama undergarments jumps off the sofa .	The boy is sitting on the couch
contradiction	The boy in pajama panties jumps off the sofa .	The boy is sitting on the couch
contradiction	The boy in pajama pants jumps off the sofa .	The boy is sitting on the couch
contradiction	A drummer wearing a whisky shirt , jeans , and a purple had bangs his drums .	A trumpeter practices for an orchestra .
contradiction	A drummer wearing a whisky shirt , jeans , and a purple had bangs his drum .	A trumpeter practices for an orchestra .
contradiction	A drummer wearing a scotland shirt , jeans , and a purple had bangs his drum .	A trumpeter practices for an orchestra .
contradiction	The men in white is play basketball against the male in blue .	A women wearing red plays hockey .
contradiction	The male in white is play basketball against the masculine in blue .	A female wearing red plays hockey .
contradiction	The male in white is playing basketball against the masculine in blue .	A woman wearing red plays hockey .
contradiction	Two same brown dogs side by side holding something white in both their mouths .	A litter of kittens .
contradiction	Two same brown dogs side by side holding something white in both their mouths .	A litter of kittens .
contradiction	Two identical brown dogs side by side holding something white in both their mouths .	A litter of kittens .
contradiction	A black dog with a blue collar is jumping into the water .	A dog is avoid the water .
contradiction	A negro dog with a blue collar is jumping into the water .	A dog is avoid the water .
contradiction	A negro dog with a blue collar is jumping into the water .	A dog is avoid the water .
contradiction	Five boys in blue shirts drawing at a table .	The boys are wearing red shirts .
contradiction	Five boys in blue shirts drawing at a tables .	The boys are wearing red shirts .
contradiction	Five boys in blue shirts drawing at a tables .	The boys are wearing red shirts .
contradiction	A man in a red waterproof is searches to the converse site of the camera .	A male is in a frock and has a notepad in front of him
contradiction	A man in a red raincoat is searching to the opposite site of the camera .	A mens is in a garb and has a notepad in front of him
contradiction	A masculine in a red waterproof is search to the opposite site of the camera .	A males is in a dress and has a portable in front of him
contradiction	Man jumping over a rusted fencing on a blue bikes .	The male attending a meetings in his office .
contradiction	Man jumping over a rusty fences on a blue moped .	The men attending a meetings in his office .
contradiction	Man jumping over a rusty fences on a blue bicycling .	The men attending a meetings in his office .
contradiction	Two daughter play catch on a lawn	Two girl are walking beside a pond with ducks and swans .
contradiction	Two girls play catch on a lawn	Two girl are walking beside a pond with ducks and swans .
contradiction	Two girl playing catch on a lawn	Two girl are walking beside a pond with ducks and swans .
contradiction	A woman in a negro hooded sweatshirt walking with a huge dog .	A females giving her dog a bath
contradiction	A females in a negro hooded sweatshirt walking with a heavy dog .	A women giving her dog a bath
contradiction	A female in a negro hooded sweatshirt walking with a jumbo dog .	A female giving her dog a bath
contradiction	A groups of people are icing skating in a overwhelming city .	The people are sleeping in the train station .
contradiction	A panels of people are icing skating in a immense town .	The people are sleep in the train station .
contradiction	A group of people are icing skate in a enormous city .	The people are slept in the train station .
contradiction	A daughters wearing a knitting chap , gloves , winter jacket , snow panties and boots stands by a freeze waterfall , with a metal pole by her side .	A boy is near a waterfall .
contradiction	A girls wearing a knit ceilings , gloves , winter jacket , snowy slacks and boots stands by a freezing waterfall , with a metallic poles by her side .	A boy is near a waterfall .
contradiction	A daughter wearing a knitted cap , gloves , winter jacket , snowy undergarments and boots stands by a freeze waterfall , with a metallic pole by her side .	A boy is near a waterfall .
contradiction	A woman plays guitar for counselor .	music can be learns by litsen
contradiction	A woman plays guitar for advisory .	music can be learn by litsen
contradiction	A females plays guitar for advisory .	music can be learn by litsen
contradiction	A woman plays guitar for counselor .	there is no manner one can learning music
contradiction	A women plays guitar for consulting .	there is no manner one can learned music
contradiction	A female plays guitar for counseling .	there is no way one can learning music
contradiction	a women and a adolescents both wearing red outfits walking up a street	Two adult on a street
contradiction	a women and a teen both wearing red outfits walking up a street	Two grownups on a street
contradiction	a woman and a teenagers both wearing red outfits walking up a street	Two grownups on a street
contradiction	A smaller daughters in a yellow top and a flowered skirt is standing on a blanket and biting on a toy .	Everyone is sitting .
contradiction	A minors girl in a yellow top and a flowered skirt is standing on a blanket and biting on a toy .	Everyone is sitting .
contradiction	A kid girls in a yellow top and a flowered skirt is standing on a blanket and biting on a toy .	Everyone is sitting .
contradiction	Security officers working outer .	A security officers is in an office building .
contradiction	Security officer working outboard .	A security officer is in an office building .
contradiction	Security officers working outer .	A security officers is in an office building .
contradiction	African women walking through field .	The brazil woman is walking through the desert .
contradiction	African women walking through field .	The brazil female is walking through the desert .
contradiction	African woman walking through field .	The brazil females is walking through the deserts .
contradiction	An African persons standing in a wheat field .	A individuals standing in a cornfield field .
contradiction	An African person standing in a wheat field .	A individuals standing in a cornfield field .
contradiction	An African person standing in a wheat field .	A persons standing in a corn field .
contradiction	a wet golden retriever is walking through a lake	A whaler is in the lake .
contradiction	a wet golden retriever is walking through a lake	A whale is in the lake .
contradiction	a wet golden retriever is walking through a lake	A whaler is in the lake .
contradiction	Many people sit , some stand outboard of a massive brick building .	people are throwing rocks at each other
contradiction	Many people sit , some stand outer of a gigantic brick building .	people are throwing rocks at each other
contradiction	Many people sit , some stand outside of a massive brick building .	people are throwing rocks at each other
contradiction	A males wearing red spectacles is carrying two cameras .	The men has blue spectacles .
contradiction	A men wearing red glasses is carry two cameras .	The man has blue goggles .
contradiction	A man wearing red spectacles is carrying two cameras .	The mens has blue sunglasses .
contradiction	Two women walking near some tree in warming , dark-colored clothes , one with a hat , one with an upraised collar .	a women takes a bath
contradiction	Two female walking near some trees in warming , dark-colored garment , one with a hat , one with an upraised collar .	a women takes a bath
contradiction	Two females walking near some trees in warm , dark-colored clothing , one with a hat , one with an upraised collar .	a women takes a bath
contradiction	A barefoot masculine in an orange shirt , shorts , and a baseball chap is sitting on the opening tailgate of a silver pickup truck .	A man is snowboard .
contradiction	A barefoot mens in an orange shirt , shorts , and a baseball chap is sitting on the open tailgate of a silver pickup truck .	A male is snowboarding .
contradiction	A barefoot males in an orange shirt , shorts , and a baseball caps is sitting on the opening tailgate of a silver pickup truck .	A man is snowboarding .
contradiction	A males walks by a building at overnight .	A male is sitting in the sun .
contradiction	A man walks by a building at night .	A male is sitting in the sun .
contradiction	A males walks by a building at nighttime .	A men is sitting in the sun .
contradiction	several youthful playing in the water .	The kids are playing mini golfing .
contradiction	varying juveniles play in the water .	The minors are playing mini golfer .
contradiction	assorted youths playing in the water .	The juvenile are playing mini golfer .
contradiction	A person is sitting on the edge of a rock cliff .	A individuals was sitting on the routes .
contradiction	A persons is sitting on the edge of a rock cliff .	A individuals was sitting on the pathway .
contradiction	A person is sitting on the edge of a rock cliff .	A individuals was sitting on the pathway .
contradiction	A masculine , boy and a white dog are searches at a display of postcards .	A male is all alone quest at postal .
contradiction	A men , boy and a white dog are looking at a display of postal .	A male is all alone searches at postcards .
contradiction	A men , boy and a white dog are searching at a display of postcards .	A man is all alone quest at postcards .
contradiction	Here is a photographic of a male wait for the bus to pick him up and he is hides his face .	The man is drive himself somewhere .
contradiction	Here is a photography of a males waiting for the bus to pick him up and he is secrets his face .	The man is driving himself somewhere .
contradiction	Here is a photography of a man waiting for the bus to pick him up and he is disguising his face .	The man is driving himself somewhere .
contradiction	A masculine clothed in a light blue shirt dumping items from a ben into another bin , while standing in a rooms full of food donations .	Foods are not stored in room by a man .
contradiction	A male clothed in a light blue shirt dumping items from a bin into another bin , while standing in a room full of food donations .	Foods are not stored in rooms by a masculine .
contradiction	A masculine attired in a light blue shirt dumping item from a bin into another bin , while standing in a rooms full of food donations .	Foods are not stored in room by a man .
contradiction	A grouping of juveniles is splashing in deep water nearby a rock formation .	The teen are sings in a choir
contradiction	A panels of children is splashing in deep water nearby a rock formation .	The youth are sung in a choir
contradiction	A group of kids is splashing in deep water vicinity a rock formation .	The minor are singing in a choir
contradiction	Two young work together on a projects at a table .	Two kids play in a park .
contradiction	Two adolescents work together on a projects at a table .	Two teens playing in a park .
contradiction	Two children work together on a projects at a tables .	Two adolescence playing in a park .
contradiction	A worker is preparing fishes to be sells at a markets .	A person is on a examines fishing .
contradiction	A worker is preparing fish to be sale at a markets .	A individuals is on a examine fishing .
contradiction	A worker is preparing fish to be sell at a marketplace .	A person is on a browsing fishing .
contradiction	A masculine with an afro and bandanna playing electricity guitar .	the guy with the afro is eating spinach
contradiction	A male with an afro and bandanna play electric guitar .	the guy with the afro is eating spinach
contradiction	A man with an afro and bandanna playing electrified guitar .	the guy with the afro is eating spinach
contradiction	A man wearing a striped shirt has a camera slung over his shoulder .	A male wearing a sweater is carrying a golfer club .
contradiction	A male wearing a striped shirt has a camera slung over his shoulder .	A masculine wearing a jumper is carry a golfing club .
contradiction	A man wearing a striped shirt has a camera slung over his shoulder .	A male wearing a sweater is carry a golf club .
contradiction	A adolescents ladies squatting at hillside sipping on a drink the other one with the white purse is discussions photographic .	Young woman are surfing in the marines .
contradiction	A smaller ladies squatting at hillside sipping on a drank the other one with the white sac is talking photographing .	Young woman are surfing in the naval .
contradiction	A teenagers ladies squatting at hillside sipping on a drink the other one with the white handbags is conversation photos .	Young females are surf in the marine .
contradiction	A fowl is perched on a line of some kind attach to a pole .	A bird is slumber on a poles line .
contradiction	A bird is perched on a line of some kinds attached to a pole .	A poultry is sleep on a pole line .
contradiction	A fowl is perched on a line of some sorting attached to a pole .	A bird is slept on a poles line .
contradiction	A teens boy wearing a suit and top hat is holding hands with a girl in a green garb .	the people are dying of aged age
contradiction	A adolescent boy wearing a suit and top hat is holding hands with a girls in a green garb .	the people are dying of elder age
contradiction	A teenaged boy wearing a suit and top hat is holding hands with a daughter in a green garb .	the people are dying of age age
contradiction	a boy in a beige shirt is sleeping in a autos .	A giraffe is on a chair
contradiction	a boy in a beige shirt is slumber in a automobile .	A giraffe is on a chair
contradiction	a boy in a beige shirt is slumber in a vehicles .	A giraffe is on a chair
contradiction	A small boy in a grey and white striped sweater and tan trousers is playing on a piece of playground equipment .	The boy is sitting on the school bus on his way home .
contradiction	A petite boy in a grey and white striped jumper and tan underclothes is play on a piece of playground equipment .	The boy is sitting on the school bus on his way home .
contradiction	A little boy in a gray and white striped jumper and tan slacks is play on a piece of playground equipment .	The boy is sitting on the school bus on his way home .
contradiction	a climber wearing a red headband is pulling himself up some grey rocks high above some green foliage .	A woman climber attempts to pull herself up
contradiction	a climber wearing a red headband is pulling itself up some gray rocks high above some green foliage .	A woman mountaineer attempts to pull herself up
contradiction	a mountaineer wearing a red headband is pulling himself up some grey rocks high above some green foliage .	A female mountaineer attempts to pull herself up
contradiction	Two boys in front of a soda machine .	Two daughter are in front of the snack machine .
contradiction	Two boys in front of a soda machine .	Two daughters are in front of the snack machine .
contradiction	Two boys in front of a soda machine .	Two daughters are in front of the snack machine .
contradiction	A groups of people navigating a navigator with an orange flag that is sitting on sand next to a organ of water .	People do n't like sand .
contradiction	A groups of people shipping a vessels with an orange flag that is sitting on sand next to a organ of water .	People do n't like sand .
contradiction	A panels of people vessels a sail with an orange flag that is sitting on sand next to a body of water .	People do n't like sand .
contradiction	Man walking a little pug .	The mens is walking a hefty pitbull .
contradiction	Man walking a little pug .	The men is walking a hefty pitbull .
contradiction	Man walking a small pug .	The masculine is walking a huge pitbull .
contradiction	Three people sitting on a table , one woman is speaking , and people are listening to them .	Three people standing on a table shout and ignores everyone else .
contradiction	Three people sitting on a tables , one female is speaking , and people are listening to them .	Three people standing on a table screaming and overlooks everyone else .
contradiction	Three people sitting on a table , one female is speaking , and people are listening to them .	Three people standing on a tables scream and ignore everyone else .
contradiction	A adolescent hugs a birdhouse .	A youthful has no rifles .
contradiction	A teenage hugs a birdhouse .	A juvenile has no shotguns .
contradiction	A youngsters hugs a birdhouse .	A teenage has no armed .
contradiction	The minor lady is giving the elders male a hug .	The teenagers males is giving the elderly men a hug .
contradiction	The kids lady is giving the age man a hug .	The adolescent male is giving the seniors mens a hug .
contradiction	The juveniles dame is giving the elderly man a hug .	The underage male is giving the aged males a hug .
contradiction	An Asian females clothed in a black blouse and knee lengths pants is waling across a wet street holding a collapsed umbrella .	Nobody has a blouse
contradiction	An Asian women attired in a negro blouse and knee lengths breeches is waling across a wet street holding a collapsed umbrella .	Nobody has a blouse
contradiction	An Asian females dressed in a black blouse and knee length breeches is waling across a wet street holding a collapsed umbrella .	Nobody has a blouse
contradiction	Man in scotland shirt sing into microphone while play an audio guitar .	A masculine is walking .
contradiction	Man in whiskey shirt sings into mics while playing an audio guitar .	A male is walking .
contradiction	Man in scotch shirt sung into microphone while play an acoustics guitar .	A males is walking .
contradiction	A couple stands at the top of a flight of outdoor stairs kiss one another .	A couple sits on the stairs .
contradiction	A couple stands at the top of a flight of outdoor stairs kissing one another .	A couple sits on the stairs .
contradiction	A couple stands at the top of a flight of outdoor stairs kissing one another .	A couple sits on the stairs .
contradiction	A men wearing a shite short-sleeved shirt kisses a female wearing a light pink jacket while standing on a public street .	A masculine is kiss a dog
contradiction	A males wearing a shite short-sleeved shirt kisses a females wearing a light pink jacket while standing on a public street .	A masculine is kissing a dog
contradiction	A man wearing a shite short-sleeved shirt kisses a woman wearing a light pink jacket while standing on a public street .	A masculine is kiss a dog
contradiction	A little boy clocks from his stroller as an archaic boy with a yellow balloon wanders a few steps away in a fair like setting .	A boy has a white balloon .
contradiction	A small boy watches from his stroller as an age boy with a yellow balloon wanders a few steps away in a fair like setting .	A boy has a white balloon .
contradiction	A little boy watches from his stroller as an archaic boy with a yellow balloon wanders a few steps away in a fair like setting .	A boy has a white balloon .
contradiction	A women covering her face in laughter at the dinner table .	A women sits silently .
contradiction	A woman covering her face in laughter at the dinner tables .	A female sits silently .
contradiction	A female covering her face in laughter at the dinner tables .	A female sits silently .
contradiction	Walkers on a concrete boardwalk under a blue skies .	walkers internal the mall
contradiction	Walkers on a concrete boardwalk under a blue sky .	walkers interior the mall
contradiction	Walkers on a concrete boardwalk under a blue skies .	walkers inside the mall
contradiction	A adolescents africans boy skipping rocks .	The zone around the boy is completely drier .
contradiction	A teenage african boy skipping rocks .	The spheres around the boy is completely drier .
contradiction	A young africans boy skipping rocks .	The sphere around the boy is fully dried .
contradiction	A dog camouflaged in the tall grasses along a rocky shore	The dog is at home with his owner .
contradiction	A dog hides in the tall grasses along a rocky shore	The dog is at home with his holder .
contradiction	A dog hid in the tall grasses along a rocky shore	The dog is at home with his owners .
contradiction	A man wearing a blue labs coat , safety glasses , and gloves is working at a small machine with a overwhelming computer screen .	The man is wearing a baseball uniforms .
contradiction	A masculine wearing a blue darkroom coat , safety spectacles , and gloves is working at a little machine with a large computers screen .	The men is wearing a baseball uniform .
contradiction	A males wearing a blue laboratory coat , safety sunglasses , and gloves is working at a little machine with a huge computers screen .	The man is wearing a baseball uniformed .
contradiction	a male with a red headband climbing a rock cliff looming over greenery .	A males is swimming in the maritime .
contradiction	a men with a red headband climb a rock cliff loom over greenery .	A man is swim in the marines .
contradiction	a masculine with a red headband climb a rock cliff loom over greenery .	A men is swimming in the ocean .
contradiction	While two students are jumping , others in a classroom are sitting or standing .	A class of fully seated pupil .
contradiction	While two pupils are jumping , others in a classroom are sitting or standing .	A class of entirely seated pupil .
contradiction	While two schoolboys are jumping , others in a classroom are sitting or standing .	A class of entirely seated students .
contradiction	A image of a women in a negro coat standing in front of a huge two-paneled photo depicting a woman in a grey frock searching down with her hand in a wallets .	The images was of two male .
contradiction	A photograph of a females in a black coat standing in front of a immense two-paneled photograph depicting a female in a grey frock searching down with her hand in a purses .	The photographs was of two male .
contradiction	A photo of a female in a negro coat standing in front of a big two-paneled photographed depicting a women in a gray dress searching down with her hand in a sac .	The pictures was of two male .
contradiction	A woman runs on the beach .	The antique dame spends a good timing relaxed on the lounge .
contradiction	A female runs on the beach .	The age lady spends a good deadline relaxed on the lounge .
contradiction	A woman runs on the beach .	The elder lady spends a good times relax on the lounge .
contradiction	Businessman walking as two arrows point to him .	A guy is jog in a sweatsuit .
contradiction	Businessman walking as two arrows point to him .	A guy is jogging in a sweatsuit .
contradiction	Businessman walking as two arrows point to him .	A guy is jogging in a sweatsuit .
contradiction	A female with a stroller is passing a man walking a dog .	There is a dog slept on the bed .
contradiction	A women with a stroller is passing a male walking a dog .	There is a dog slumber on the bed .
contradiction	A female with a stroller is passing a men walking a dog .	There is a dog slept on the bed .
contradiction	A woman in a white and red basketball uniforms with the number fifteen on her torso prepares to shoot a free throw .	A women in a white and yellow baseball uniforms with the number fifteen on her torso prepares to shoot a free throw .
contradiction	A woman in a white and red basketball uniformed with the number fifteen on her torso prepares to shoot a free throw .	A woman in a white and yellow baseball uniformed with the number fifteen on her chest prepares to shoot a free throw .
contradiction	A woman in a white and red basketball uniformed with the number fifteen on her chest prepares to shoot a free throw .	A female in a white and yellow baseball standardized with the number fifteen on her chest prepares to shoot a free throw .
contradiction	Man play a game with a smaller daughter .	The mens and adolescents daughter are talking to the moon .
contradiction	Man play a games with a teenager daughters .	The masculine and juvenile daughters are talking to the moon .
contradiction	Man play a game with a smaller daughters .	The masculine and adolescent daughter are conversation to the moon .
contradiction	Two people are playing wiffle ball in a suburban areas .	Two man are play basketball .
contradiction	Two people are playing wiffle ball in a suburban zone .	Two male are play basketball .
contradiction	Two people are playing wiffle ball in a suburban areas .	Two masculine are play basketball .
contradiction	Two people playing badminton .	Two people play basketball outer .
contradiction	Two people play badminton .	Two people play basketball outdoor .
contradiction	Two people play badminton .	Two people play basketball outer .
contradiction	Two female wearing ballerina attire are conversing with one another .	Two football gamers are conversation .
contradiction	Two females wearing ballerina frock are conversing with one another .	Two football players are conversation .
contradiction	Two females wearing ballerina garb are conversing with one another .	Two football gamers are conversations .
contradiction	Two formal attired , bald antique women	Two long-haired youthful women .
contradiction	Two formal dressed , bald elder women	Two long-haired minors female .
contradiction	Two formal attired , bald elder women	Two long-haired kids women .
contradiction	An outdated man holds up a sign .	A man is slumber .
contradiction	An archaic masculine holds up a sign .	A mens is sleeping .
contradiction	An archaic male holds up a sign .	A man is sleep .
contradiction	Several bicyclers are carry their bicycle up a grassy hill .	Bikers race downhill .
contradiction	Several bicyclers are carry their bicycling up a grassy hill .	Bikers errand downhill .
contradiction	Several bicyclers are carrying their motorcycle up a grassy hill .	Bikers race downhill .
contradiction	Bearded negro attired men performer is displaying his skills by swinging a fire line in each hand in arcs .	A mens in a purple suit is dumping a pail of water over his head .
contradiction	Bearded black dressed male performer is displaying his dexterity by swinging a fire line in each hand in arcs .	A mens in a purple suit is dumping a pail of water over his head .
contradiction	Bearded black attired male performer is displaying his dexterity by swinging a fire line in each hand in arcs .	A man in a purple suit is dumping a bucket of water over his head .
contradiction	A cart of large water containers is in front of two woman who are standing as well as two females who are walking down the street .	The cart is full of beer .
contradiction	A cart of large water containers is in front of two woman who are standing as well as two woman who are walking down the street .	The cart is full of beer .
contradiction	A cart of gigantic water containers is in front of two woman who are standing as well as two women who are walking down the street .	The cart is full of beer .
contradiction	Several masculine in negro t-shirts and caps are using with metal rods to smash food that 's lie on a round tables with a hole in the center .	a fowl flies
contradiction	Several males in black t-shirts and chap are using with metals rods to smash food that 's lying on a round table with a hole in the center .	a poultry flies
contradiction	Several males in black t-shirts and ceilings are using with metal rods to smash food that 's lurks on a round tables with a hole in the centre .	a poultry flies
contradiction	A helmeted mens airborne on a biking on a dirt pathway .	The male fell off his bicycle .
contradiction	A helmeted males airborne on a bicycles on a filth road .	The males fell off his motorbikes .
contradiction	A helmeted male airborne on a moped on a filth paths .	The man fell off his motorcycles .
contradiction	People are riding their bikes down a road .	No one is riding a biking .
contradiction	People are riding their motorbike down a routes .	No one is riding a mopeds .
contradiction	People are riding their bikes down a path .	No one is riding a motorcycle .
contradiction	A masculine walks past an arch in an age gothic style building .	The masculine is in a submarine
contradiction	A male walks past an arch in an outdated gothic style building .	The male is in a submarine
contradiction	A men walks past an arch in an elder gothic style building .	The male is in a submarine
contradiction	Women playing volleyball in the sand near the marina .	Women cooking dinner
contradiction	Women playing volleyball in the sand near the nautical .	Women cooks dinner
contradiction	Women play volleyball in the sand near the marina .	Women cook dinner
contradiction	Women play volleyball in the sand near the marine .	Women conversations on the beach
contradiction	Women play volleyball in the sand near the ocean .	Women conversation on the beach
contradiction	Women playing volleyball in the sand near the oceanic .	Women conversation on the beach
contradiction	A homeless men pushes an overfilled plastic blue shopping cart .	A rich male holding a rolex
contradiction	A homeless masculine pushes an overfilled plastic blue shopping cart .	A rich masculine holding a rolex
contradiction	A homeless men pushes an overfilled plastic blue shopping cart .	A rich mens holding a rolex
contradiction	There are two miners , a soccer ball , a dog and a goat outboard in a field .	The minors are flying a kite .
contradiction	There are two miners , a soccer ball , a dog and a goat outside in a field .	The smaller are flying a kite .
contradiction	There are two teenager , a soccer ball , a dog and a goat outboard in a field .	The adolescence are flying a kite .
contradiction	A gray-haired masculine rides a cyclist in front of a bus advertisement Ironman .	An aging masculine sits on a bus and clocks people riding bikes .
contradiction	A gray-haired man rides a bicycle in front of a bus announce Ironman .	An seniors men sits on a bus and clocks people riding motorcycle .
contradiction	A gray-haired mens rides a motorcycles in front of a bus announced Ironman .	An elder man sits on a bus and clocks people riding biking .
contradiction	A men juggles a flaming staff in the dark .	A male juggling balls .
contradiction	A man juggles a flaming staff in the dark .	A men juggling balls .
contradiction	A mens juggles a flaming staff in the dark .	A man juggling balls .
contradiction	A masculine in a grassy field throws a stick for a group of three brown dogs .	The males eats dog pie .
contradiction	A males in a grassy field throws a stick for a grouping of three brown dogs .	The man eats dog pie .
contradiction	A men in a grassy field throws a stick for a group of three brown dogs .	The masculine eats dog pie .
contradiction	A player on the red soccer team has just scored a intent while the opposed team watches the ball go in .	A soccer player tries to score a targets and the opposing team stops it .
contradiction	A player on the red soccer team has just scored a goal while the opposed team watches the ball go in .	A soccer player tries to score a target and the oppose team stops it .
contradiction	A player on the red soccer team has just scored a targets while the opposing team watches the ball go in .	A soccer player tries to score a goal and the oppose team stops it .
contradiction	A mens wearing a grey shirt and pink wristband plays the drumming .	a female in a gray shirt and pink wristband plays guitar
contradiction	A men wearing a grey shirt and pink wristband plays the drumming .	a females in a grey shirt and pink wristband plays guitar
contradiction	A man wearing a grey shirt and pink wristband plays the drums .	a females in a gray shirt and pink wristband plays guitar
contradiction	an old cobbler in his factory	The cobbler is getting readies for his 16th birthday .
contradiction	an senior shoemaker in his factory	The cobbler is getting readies for his 16th birthday .
contradiction	an senior cobbler in his factory	The shoemaker is getting readies for his 16th birthday .
contradiction	A females wearing a straw hat is sitting among a variety of many foods while holding a drank .	A female is standing by the food .
contradiction	A women wearing a straw hat is sitting among a variety of multiple foods while holding a drink .	A woman is standing by the food .
contradiction	A female wearing a straw hat is sitting among a variety of differing foods while holding a drank .	A women is standing by the food .
contradiction	An Asian lady is holding a cup and sitting in front of a tables cover in diverse foods .	A lady is standing .
contradiction	An Asian dame is holding a cup and sitting in front of a tables cover in several foods .	A dame is standing .
contradiction	An Asian dame is holding a cup and sitting in front of a table cover in myriad foods .	A dame is standing .
contradiction	A women registers a paper notices to a board .	A women tacking a note to a gate .
contradiction	A females recorded a paper notice to a board .	A female tacking a note to a door .
contradiction	A females logging a paper notices to a board .	A females tacking a note to a gate .
contradiction	A men sits on his throne behind the drums .	The Queen of England sits behind some drum .
contradiction	A mens sits on his throne behind the drumming .	The Queen of England sits behind some drum .
contradiction	A male sits on his throne behind the drum .	The Queen of England sits behind some drum .
contradiction	A toddler is intrigued by a toy lego set in a bookshelf .	A teenaged is pursues a bunny in the yard .
contradiction	A toddler is intrigued by a toy lego set in a bookcase .	A teen is chase a bunny in the yard .
contradiction	A toddler is intrigued by a toy lego set in a bookshop .	A children is chases a rabbit in the yard .
contradiction	A red hot air balloon lands in a field among a crowd .	A hot airplane balloon is crashing down to earth .
contradiction	A red hot air balloon lands in a field among a crowd .	A hot airplanes balloon is crashing down to earth .
contradiction	A red hot airplane balloon lands in a field among a crowd .	A hot airliner balloon is crashing down to earth .
contradiction	A red hot air balloon lands in a field among a crowd .	A hot jets balloon is rising in to the skies .
contradiction	A red hot plane balloon lands in a field among a crowd .	A hot aviation balloon is rising in to the sky .
contradiction	A red hot air balloon lands in a field among a crowd .	A hot airliner balloon is rising in to the skies .
contradiction	A momma holds her newborn baby .	A father holding a ball .
contradiction	A moms holds her infants baby .	A fathers holding a ball .
contradiction	A moms holds her newborns baby .	A father holding a ball .
contradiction	A young boy wearing a red shirt runs along a gravel path .	A boy sits in the route .
contradiction	A youthful boy wearing a red shirt runs along a gravel routing .	A boy sits in the road .
contradiction	A young boy wearing a red shirt runs along a gravel paths .	A boy sits in the road .
contradiction	A women in a burgundy coat exits Trader Joe 's with a cart full of groceries .	a masculine walking backwards
contradiction	A women in a burgundy coat exits Trader Joe 's with a cart full of groceries .	a masculine walking backwards
contradiction	A women in a burgundy coat exits Trader Joe 's with a cart full of groceries .	a males walking backwards
contradiction	A women is walking with a full shopping cart away from a Trader Joe 's .	A man is in a driveway washes his car .
contradiction	A women is walking with a full shopping cart away from a Trader Joe 's .	A males is in a driveway washing his automobile .
contradiction	A females is walking with a full shopping cart away from a Trader Joe 's .	A man is in a driveway wash his vehicle .
contradiction	A savings worker search with a flashlight under a slab in a ruined building .	A survivors searching for a meal .
contradiction	A savings worker quest with a flashlight under a slab in a ruined building .	A survivor search for a meal .
contradiction	A saves worker searches with a flashlight under a slab in a ruined building .	A survivor search for a meal .
contradiction	A fireman with a neon helmet and a pickaxe reviews some debris with a flashlight .	A fireman sits at his station .
contradiction	A firefighting with a neon helmet and a pickaxe reviewing some debris with a flashlight .	A firefighting sits at his station .
contradiction	A firefighter with a neon helmet and a pickaxe inspecting some debris with a flashlight .	A firefighters sits at his station .
contradiction	A blond woman speaks with a grouping of smaller dark-haired female student carrying pieces of paper .	A male hits on a females .
contradiction	A blond women speaks with a panel of miner dark-haired woman pupils carrying pieces of paper .	A men hits on a woman .
contradiction	A blond woman speaks with a groups of youth dark-haired females student carrying pieces of paper .	A man hits on a women .
contradiction	A dark-haired masculine in a negro uniforms is speaking to a male wearing a black jacket and black helmet on a motorcycles .	A mens in a swimwear is conversations to another males .
contradiction	A dark-haired man in a black standardized is speaking to a males wearing a negro jacket and negro helmet on a bicycle .	A mens in a swimsuit is conversations to another masculine .
contradiction	A dark-haired man in a black uniformed is speaking to a males wearing a negro jacket and negro helmet on a cycling .	A males in a swimwear is conversation to another masculine .
contradiction	A male is sitting at a restaurant tables outdoors .	The males is inland the restaurant in a kiosk .
contradiction	A mens is sitting at a restaurant table outdoors .	The males is indoor the restaurant in a booths .
contradiction	A masculine is sitting at a restaurant tables outdoors .	The male is inner the restaurant in a booth .
contradiction	Young adolescents waving American flags for a soldier	Children are combustion flags in protesting .
contradiction	Young kids waving American flags for a soldier	Children are burns flags in protesting .
contradiction	Young adolescence waving American flags for a soldier	Children are burning flags in protesting .
contradiction	A men in a helmet and protect gear driving a go kart , numbered 65 , on a narrow paved path .	A masculine driving a go kart , numbered 34 , on a restrained filth path .
contradiction	A men in a helmet and protected gear drives a go kart , numbered 65 , on a restrained paved path .	A male drive a go kart , numbered 34 , on a narrow filth routes .
contradiction	A man in a helmet and protection gear driving a go kart , numbered 65 , on a limited paved pathway .	A masculine drives a go kart , numbered 34 , on a restrained dirt routes .
contradiction	A small kid in a red jacket is sitting on a males 's shoulders and holding his head .	A small teenager is standing by the man .
contradiction	A little adolescence in a red jacket is sitting on a man 's shoulders and holding his head .	A petite minor is standing by the man .
contradiction	A little adolescence in a red jacket is sitting on a man 's shoulders and holding his head .	A small kid is standing by the men .
contradiction	Four juvenile and an senior males and women playing in water just up to the bottom of male 's swim trunks .	A panels of teenage slide down a water slide as their parents watch them .
contradiction	Four minors and an aged mens and women play in water just up to the bottom of mens 's swim trunks .	A group of miner slide down a water slide as their parents watch them .
contradiction	Four underage and an elders man and woman play in water just up to the bottom of masculine 's swimming trunks .	A panel of smaller slide down a water slide as their parents watch them .
contradiction	A underage masculine standing on one feet in colorful snooker shoe after throwing the ball .	A juvenile man is standing on both footing barefooted .
contradiction	A teen masculine standing on one footing in colorful bowling shoes after throwing the ball .	A young masculine is standing on both foot barefooted .
contradiction	A teenaged masculine standing on one foot in colorful bowling footwear after throwing the ball .	A minors men is standing on both foot barefooted .
contradiction	A zaftig female in a piping top and jeans dance outdoors , with a guitarist behind her .	A females is reading a book in her dwelling .
contradiction	A zaftig females in a tubes top and jeans dances outdoors , with a guitarist behind her .	A female is reading a book in her housing .
contradiction	A zaftig woman in a tube top and jeans dances outdoors , with a guitarist behind her .	A females is reading a book in her house .
contradiction	Several cartoon characters are behind a youth daughter sitting in a highchair with a pail and SpongeBob in front of her .	All of the cartoon characters are slept while standing up .
contradiction	Several cartoon characters are behind a teenagers daughter sitting in a highchair with a bucket and SpongeBob in front of her .	All of the cartoon characters are slumber while standing up .
contradiction	Several cartoon characters are behind a youngsters daughter sitting in a highchair with a pail and SpongeBob in front of her .	All of the cartoon characters are slept while standing up .
contradiction	People wait to crossing the street on the side of a sidewalk .	People are feeding ducks .
contradiction	People waiting to cross the street on the side of a pavement .	People are feeding ducks .
contradiction	People waiting to crossed the street on the side of a sidewalk .	People are feeding ducks .
contradiction	The woman in the black shirt hands papers to the youth surrounding her .	Woman is keeping the paper to herself .
contradiction	The female in the black shirt hands papers to the minors surrounding her .	Woman is keeping the paper to herself .
contradiction	The female in the black shirt hands papers to the teenagers surrounding her .	Woman is keeping the paper to herself .
contradiction	Little girls blows bubbles in a public square .	Little boy blows spit at people who walk by .
contradiction	Little daughter blows bubbles in a public square .	Little boy blows spit at people who walk by .
contradiction	Little girls blows bubbles in a public squares .	Little boy blows spit at people who walk by .
contradiction	An archaic gentlemen looks at the camera while he is building a deck .	An aged gentlemen looks away from the camera while he is building a birdhouse .
contradiction	An old gentlemen looks at the camera while he is building a deck .	An ancient gentleman looks away from the camera while he is building a birdhouse .
contradiction	An aged gentleman looks at the camera while he is building a deck .	An aging gentleman looks away from the camera while he is building a birdhouse .
contradiction	The youthful male in the scotsman shirt is sitting on a chairs that is out in the yard .	A boy is watching a cartoon from a recliner .
contradiction	The youngsters men in the scottish shirt is sitting on a chairs that is out in the yard .	A boy is watching a cartoon from a recliner .
contradiction	The underage man in the plaid shirt is sitting on a chairs that is out in the yard .	A boy is watching a cartoon from a recliner .
contradiction	Group of adolescents grownups posing for photographs near spanish-language sign .	The people are taking a sciences tests .
contradiction	Group of underage adults posing for photos near spanish-language sign .	The people are taking a sciences test .
contradiction	Group of adolescence adults posing for photos near spanish-language sign .	The people are taking a science tests .
contradiction	two shirtless masculine jumping over a street rail , probably practising newer dances moves .	A dog is slumber in a home .
contradiction	two shirtless masculine jumping over a street rail , probably practicing novel dance moves .	A dog is slept in a home .
contradiction	two shirtless male jumping over a street rail , probably practising novel dances moves .	A dog is slumber in a home .
contradiction	A boy plays with a motorized vehicle next to a dirty street lined with actual automobile .	no boy is outdoor in the streets playing .
contradiction	A boy plays with a motorized motors next to a dirty street lined with real vehicle .	no boy is outdoor in the streets playing .
contradiction	A boy plays with a motorized automobile next to a dirty street lined with real automobiles .	no boy is outside in the streets play .
contradiction	The little adolescence is wearing winter apparel and a hat .	The petite kid is dressed in tank top and shorts .
contradiction	The small teenage is wearing winter garment and a hat .	The petite teenage is dressed in tank top and shorts .
contradiction	The petite adolescent is wearing winter garment and a hat .	The little teens is attired in tank top and shorts .
contradiction	Girl in red jumping up	The girls is sitting on the grass .
contradiction	Girl in red jumping up	The girl is sitting on the grass .
contradiction	Girl in red jumping up	The daughters is sitting on the grass .
contradiction	A small white curly-haired dog runs across the pavement with a stick in its mouth .	A dog barks at the wall .
contradiction	A petite white curly-haired dog runs across the pavement with a stick in its mouth .	A dog barks at the wall .
contradiction	A petite white curly-haired dog runs across the pavement with a stick in its mouth .	A dog barks at the wall .
contradiction	A teenagers white males in running gear is jog by the water .	A males walks to the boutique .
contradiction	A minor white mens in running gear is jogging by the water .	A masculine walks to the store .
contradiction	A teenagers white man in running gear is jogging by the water .	A masculine walks to the store .
contradiction	A youths girl with water wings leaps into a crowded pool	There is a a lot of people on a train .
contradiction	A teenagers daughter with water wings leaps into a crowded pool	There is a a lot of people on a train .
contradiction	A children girls with water wings leaps into a crowded pool	There is a a batch of people on a train .
contradiction	A boy wearing a helmet is jumping his skateboard .	A daughter is select up her skateboard .
contradiction	A boy wearing a helmet is jumping his skateboard .	A daughter is chooses up her skateboard .
contradiction	A boy wearing a helmet is jumping his skateboard .	A girls is choosing up her skateboard .
contradiction	A groups of people sitting around a little round tables eating .	The people are dances around the rooms in a conga line .
contradiction	A panel of people sitting around a little round table eating .	The people are dancing around the rooms in a conga line .
contradiction	A grouping of people sitting around a little round table eating .	The people are dances around the room in a conga line .
contradiction	A woman is walking her dog along a snowy ground .	A female and her cat are laying by the hearth .
contradiction	A females is walking her dog along a snow ground .	A woman and her cat are laying by the hearth .
contradiction	A females is walking her dog along a snow ground .	A females and her cat are laying by the fireplace .
contradiction	A middle-aged males in a green jacket is talking to another middle-aged man in a light blue tee-shirt .	Boxing match between two star combatants .
contradiction	A middle-aged masculine in a green jacket is conversation to another middle-aged man in a light blue tee-shirt .	Boxing matching between two star warriors .
contradiction	A middle-aged mens in a green jacket is conversations to another middle-aged masculine in a light blue tee-shirt .	Boxing matching between two star combatants .
contradiction	A mens in a blue shirt was arguing with a male in a green jacket and beginning to raise his fist in anger .	a mens ordering a mamosa for another man
contradiction	A males in a blue shirt was arguing with a males in a green jacket and start to raise his fist in anger .	a males order a mamosa for another man
contradiction	A male in a blue shirt was arguing with a mens in a green jacket and started to raise his fist in anger .	a male orders a mamosa for another man
contradiction	This females is snowboard down a snowy hill .	This woman is skiing down a grassy hill .
contradiction	This women is skiing down a snowy hill .	This females is snowboard down a grassy hill .
contradiction	This woman is skiing down a snow hill .	This females is skiing down a grassy hill .
contradiction	3 ladies with digit on their shirts running .	The ladies are riding cyclist .
contradiction	3 ladies with figures on their shirts running .	The ladies are riding bicycling .
contradiction	3 ladies with digit on their shirts running .	The ladies are riding cyclist .
contradiction	A lady sitting on a bench with a book on her lap with a boy and daughter on either side of her .	An adult and two adolescence are on a rollercoaster .
contradiction	A lady sitting on a bench with a book on her lap with a boy and girl on either side of her .	An adults and two youth are on a rollercoaster .
contradiction	A dame sitting on a bench with a book on her lap with a boy and daughters on either side of her .	An adult and two youth are on a rollercoaster .
contradiction	A adolescence blows a whistling and wears white face painting , earmuffs , and a yellow hat while another youth clocks .	Nobody has face paint
contradiction	A children blows a whistling and wears white face paintings , earmuffs , and a yellow hat while another teen clocks .	Nobody has face paint
contradiction	A adolescents blows a whistle and wears white face painted , earmuffs , and a yellow hat while another kid watches .	Nobody has face paint
contradiction	A group of people are riding down a roller coaster that appears to be called the `` Cyclone . ''	The grouping sits under a pavillion at an entertainment part as rain pours down from the heavens .
contradiction	A panels of people are riding down a roller coaster that appears to be called the `` Cyclone . ''	The groups sits under a pavilion at an amusement part as rain pours down from the heavens .
contradiction	A panel of people are riding down a roller coaster that appears to be called the `` Cyclone . ''	The groups sits under a pavilion at an amusement part as rain pours down from the heavens .
contradiction	Small girl in a pink dress is play electronic drums pads with sticks .	the girl is playing cricket
contradiction	Small daughter in a pink frock is play electronic drums pads with sticks .	the daughter is play cricket
contradiction	Small girls in a pink dress is playing electronic drums pads with sticks .	the daughter is playing cricket
contradiction	The mens is throwing a toy to a brown and black dog in the park .	A mens and a dog are sitting on the couch .
contradiction	The males is throwing a toy to a brown and negro dog in the park .	A males and a dog are sitting on the couch .
contradiction	The masculine is throwing a toy to a brown and negro dog in the park .	A man and a dog are sitting on the couch .
contradiction	The minors Asian women is using an umbrella , and is in front of a brightly colored patch of flower in the back .	A female is not using an umbrella .
contradiction	The underage Asian female is using an umbrella , and is in front of a brightly colored patch of flowering in the back .	A woman is not using an umbrella .
contradiction	The minors Asian females is using an umbrella , and is in front of a brightly colored patch of flowering in the back .	A woman is not using an umbrella .
contradiction	A miners boy walks on a piping that stretches over water .	A boy is making a sub sandwich in his kitchen .
contradiction	A smaller boy walks on a tubes that stretches over water .	A boy is making a sub sandwich in his kitchen .
contradiction	A adolescent boy walks on a tubes that stretches over water .	A boy is making a sub sandwich in his kitchen .
contradiction	A women with a vest and red shirt is holding her hand up above a black and white dog that is jumping .	The woman is wearing a full sleeved jacket .
contradiction	A female with a vest and red shirt is holding her hand up above a black and white dog that is jumping .	The female is wearing a full sleeved jacket .
contradiction	A woman with a vest and red shirt is holding her hand up above a negro and white dog that is jumping .	The women is wearing a full sleeved jacket .
contradiction	A boy making an `` oh ! '' face in front of a bay .	A boy is swim in the bay .
contradiction	A boy making an `` oh ! '' face in front of a bay .	A boy is swim in the bay .
contradiction	A boy making an `` oh ! '' face in front of a bay .	A boy is swim in the bay .
contradiction	Three men in hats and a female in a red shirt battleship the produce presented to them by the male in the blue shirt and white hat .	The groups is fighitng eachother
contradiction	Three man in hats and a woman in a red shirt investigating the produce presented to them by the mens in the blue shirt and white hat .	The groups is fighitng eachother
contradiction	Three males in hats and a woman in a red shirt sail the produce presented to them by the males in the blue shirt and white hat .	The group is fighitng eachother
contradiction	Two youthful are sitting on a white blanket , while the other minor is sitting in the filth .	both of the miners are sitting in dirt
contradiction	Two adolescents are sitting on a white blanket , while the other youngsters is sitting in the filth .	both of the minors are sitting in dirt
contradiction	Two adolescence are sitting on a white blanket , while the other youths is sitting in the filth .	both of the children are sitting in dirt
contradiction	The red motocross motorbikes and its rider are airborne above the tree .	A males is sitting on his moped , waiting for the light to turn green .
contradiction	The red motocross bicycling and its rider are airborne above the tree .	A man is sitting on his bike , wait for the light to turn green .
contradiction	The red motocross bikes and its rider are airborne above the trees .	A men is sitting on his motorcycle , wait for the light to turning green .
contradiction	3 people on plains navigating smiling towards the camera .	3 boating people being attacked by lions .
contradiction	3 people on plain survey smiling towards the camera .	3 boating people being attacked by lions .
contradiction	3 people on plains explores smiling towards the camera .	3 boating people being attacked by lions .
contradiction	A crowd of people fills the street in front of a McDonald 's .	The crowd is playing hockey .
contradiction	A crowd of people fills the street in front of a McDonald 's .	The crowd is play hockey .
contradiction	A crowd of people meets the street in front of a McDonald 's .	The crowd is play hockey .
contradiction	A miners dressed in purple sportswear and a hat runs in splashing water while a mens and a petite boy walk vicinity .	a cat sleeps on the couch
contradiction	A teen clothed in purple garment and a hat runs in splashing water while a males and a small boy walk nearby .	a cat sleeps on the couch
contradiction	A young dressed in purple apparel and a hat runs in splashing water while a mens and a little boy walk nearby .	a cat sleeps on the couch
contradiction	A smaller , well-dressed negro mens seated behind a drums set and smiling .	the males is naked
contradiction	A teenage , well-dressed negro mens seated behind a drum set and smiling .	the masculine is naked
contradiction	A adolescence , well-dressed black men seated behind a drumming set and smiling .	the men is naked
contradiction	A guy is attempting to perform a skateboard trick while jumping over portion of a white building in an try to land on the concrete outside .	The skateboard has 8 wheeled .
contradiction	A guy is attempting to perform a skateboarding trick while jumping over portion of a white building in an attempt to land on the concrete outer .	The skateboarding has 8 wheels .
contradiction	A guy is attempting to perform a skateboard trick while jumping over part of a white building in an attempt to land on the concrete outdoor .	The skateboard has 8 wheeled .
contradiction	This persons looks to be skiing on a very small piling of snow on a sunny colder day .	timmy stares at the remains of Jimmy hoffa
contradiction	This individuals looks to be skiing on a very petite pile of snow on a sunny cold day .	timmy stares at the remains of Jimmy hoffa
contradiction	This person looks to be skiing on a very small piling of snowy on a sunny cold day .	timmy stares at the remains of Jimmy hoffa
contradiction	A woman wearing a ball chap squats down to touching the cracked earth .	A female wearing a sun bonnet planting a garden .
contradiction	A females wearing a ball caps squats down to touch the cracked earth .	A females wearing a sun bonnet planting a garden .
contradiction	A woman wearing a ball cap squats down to touching the cracked earth .	A females wearing a sun bonnet planting a garden .
contradiction	A juvenile boy in green shorts balances on a tube above a river .	Nobody is balance .
contradiction	A youthful boy in green shorts balancing on a tubing above a river .	Nobody is balancing .
contradiction	A teenage boy in green shorts balancing on a pipes above a river .	Nobody is balances .
contradiction	A individuals , in a striped blue shirt and slacks , is running along .	The person is walking
contradiction	A individuals , in a striped blue shirt and pants , is running along .	The persons is walking
contradiction	A individuals , in a striped blue shirt and breeches , is running along .	The persons is walking
contradiction	A men looks goal while sculpting a gargoyle .	The males is at the bank .
contradiction	A male looks aim while sculpting a gargoyle .	The men is at the bank .
contradiction	A masculine looks aim while sculpting a gargoyle .	The male is at the bank .
contradiction	A male sitting and a female laying in his lap kiss each other .	A males sitting and females punching him the face .
contradiction	A male sitting and a female laying in his lap kissing each other .	A mens sitting and females punching him the face .
contradiction	A masculine sitting and a females laying in his lap kiss each other .	A male sitting and woman punching him the face .
contradiction	A mens performing vehicular mend in front of a building .	The male is swim in a pool .
contradiction	A mens performing automobiles repairs in front of a building .	The man is swimming in a pool .
contradiction	A male performing vehicular repairs in front of a building .	The man is swim in a pool .
contradiction	People on a nature walk with nets and backpacks with trees to the left of them .	People on a nature walk with no equipment and trees to the right of them .
contradiction	People on a nature walk with nets and backpacks with trees to the left of them .	People on a nature walk with no equipment and tree to the right of them .
contradiction	People on a nature walk with nets and backpacks with trees to the left of them .	People on a nature walk with no equipment and trees to the right of them .
contradiction	A mens holding a yellow surfboard facing the naval .	A man is holding a snowboard .
contradiction	A mens holding a yellow surfboard facing the marines .	A male is holding a snowboarding .
contradiction	A mens holding a yellow surfboard facing the navy .	A male is holding a snowboarding .
contradiction	A water scene with a sunset in the background .	There is a water scene with a full moon in the back .
contradiction	A water scene with a sunset in the background .	There is a water scene with a full moon in the back .
contradiction	A water scene with a sunset in the background .	There is a water scene with a full moon in the back .
contradiction	The males is performing a trick on a motorbike high in the air .	A women is performing a speeches for her workers .
contradiction	The male is performing a ploy on a cyclist high in the aviation .	A women is performing a speech for her workers .
contradiction	The males is performing a ploy on a bicycling high in the airplanes .	A women is performing a speeches for her workers .
contradiction	A wakeboarder .	A males watches surfing on televisions .
contradiction	A wakeboarder .	A mens clocks surfer on televisions .
contradiction	A wakeboarder .	A masculine clocks surfing on tvs .
contradiction	A blond female wearing a pearl bracelet is roughly to kissing a male wearing a white shirt .	Two mens are kissing .
contradiction	A blond females wearing a perla bracelet is approximately to kiss a men wearing a white shirt .	Two men are kissing .
contradiction	A blond woman wearing a perla bracelet is roughly to kissing a males wearing a white shirt .	Two males are kissing .
contradiction	Two males at a fishes market filled with boxes of fish and freshly chop fillets exploring a weighing scale .	Two masculine work in a butchers shop , selling steak .
contradiction	Two male at a fishes markets filled with boxes of fish and freshly cut fillets boat a weighing scaling .	Two mens work in a butchers shop , selling steak .
contradiction	Two man at a fish markets filled with boxes of fishes and freshly cut fillets examined a weigh scale .	Two masculine work in a butchers shop , sell steak .
contradiction	A youths men wearing a green shirt and a hat attempts a ploy on a skateboard while riding it in a skate park next to a beach .	A leprechaun is skateboard .
contradiction	A teenage male wearing a green shirt and a hat attempts a ploy on a skateboarding while riding it in a skating park next to a beach .	A leprechaun is skateboarding .
contradiction	A minor mens wearing a green shirt and a hat attempts a ploy on a skateboard while riding it in a skate park next to a beach .	A leprechaun is skateboarding .
contradiction	A teenaged male waring negro and carrying a skateboard looks at an outboard skateboard park .	A daughter with a ponytail is riding a bike at a park .
contradiction	A teens man waring black and carry a skateboard looks at an outdoor skateboarding park .	A daughters with a ponytail is riding a bicycling at a park .
contradiction	A teen males waring negro and carrying a skateboard looks at an exterior skateboard park .	A girl with a ponytail is riding a cycle at a park .
contradiction	an asian man in a black tracksuit is watching schoolchildren doing exercised on basketball court .	man sleeps in bed
contradiction	an asia man in a negro tracksuit is watching schoolboys doing exercised on basketball court .	man sleeps in bed
contradiction	an asia male in a negro tracksuit is watching students doing exercised on basketball court .	man sleeps in bed
contradiction	Four mens wearing orange vests are putting in a steel beam on the ground .	Nobody is in orange
contradiction	Four mens wearing orange vests are putting in a steel beam on the ground .	Nobody is in orange
contradiction	Four man wearing orange vests are putting in a steel beam on the ground .	Nobody is in orange
contradiction	A women in a fur lined scotsman purple jacket stands by a tables full of eating teen .	A females in a pink coat is watching underage playing a board games .
contradiction	A women in a fur lined scotsman purple jacket stands by a table full of eating teenaged .	A woman in a pink coat is watching adolescents playing a board games .
contradiction	A women in a fur lined scottish purple jacket stands by a table full of eating kids .	A woman in a pink coat is watching miners playing a board game .
contradiction	The baseball gamers near the pitching mound are celebrating as the hitter walks away .	The baseball gamers threw soccer balls at the batsman .
contradiction	The baseball players near the pitching mound are celebrating as the batsman walks away .	The baseball gamers threw soccer balls at the batsman .
contradiction	The baseball players near the pitching mound are celebrating as the hitter walks away .	The baseball players threw soccer balls at the hitter .
contradiction	The blond adolescent men who had been splattered with paintings colors of blue , orange , and green held up his camera to take a photo .	A doctor prescribes some physician .
contradiction	The blond kid men who had been splattered with paint coloring of blue , orange , and green held up his camera to take a photograph .	A medical prescribes some drugs .
contradiction	The blond juveniles masculine who had been splattered with paints colour of blue , orange , and green held up his camera to take a photographs .	A medicine prescribes some medical .
contradiction	A man wearing only a hat , boots , and underwear is walking the sidewalk with a guitar strapped around his shoulder .	A men wearing only a hat , boots , and underwear is licking the sidewalk
contradiction	A masculine wearing solely a hat , boots , and underwear is walking the sidewalk with a guitar strapped around his shoulder .	A males wearing solely a hat , boots , and underwear is licking the sidewalk
contradiction	A masculine wearing solely a hat , boots , and underwear is walking the sidewalk with a guitar strapped around his shoulder .	A man wearing only a hat , boots , and underwear is licking the sidewalk
contradiction	Two juvenile daughter with lengthy brunette hair , standing in front of a stone wall playing a games .	Two girls with short blonde hairdo playing a games .
contradiction	Two teenagers girls with long brunette hairdo , standing in front of a stone wall play a games .	Two girls with short blonde hairdo playing a game .
contradiction	Two miner daughters with lengthy brunette hairstyle , standing in front of a stone wall playing a games .	Two daughters with short blonde hairdo play a games .
contradiction	Young boy wearing pjs lurks down in bed and sleep on a colorful striped pillow .	A youths boy is playing soccer .
contradiction	Young boy wearing pjs lies down in bed and slumber on a colorful striped pillow .	A kids boy is play soccer .
contradiction	Young boy wearing pajamas lying down in bed and slept on a colorful striped pillow .	A miner boy is play soccer .
contradiction	A brunette women holding a small girl clothed in pink is kneeling next to a pasture white and brown llama in the foreground of a mountainous community .	A masculine talks to another .
contradiction	A brunette female holding a small girl clothed in pink is kneeling next to a pasture white and brown llama in the foreground of a mountainous community .	A mens talks to another .
contradiction	A brunette woman holding a little daughter attired in pink is kneeling next to a pasture white and brown llama in the foreground of a hilly community .	A male talks to another .
contradiction	Four people and a dog out in the lumber .	Species of zoo are indoors .
contradiction	Four people and a dog out in the wooden .	Species of animal are indoors .
contradiction	Four people and a dog out in the lumber .	Species of animals are indoors .
contradiction	A smaller girls with a purple shirt and a pink hairstyle bands standing near the wood .	A little daughter is internal on her computers .
contradiction	A youth girl with a purple shirt and a pink hairdo band standing near the lumber .	A small girl is interior on her computer .
contradiction	A adolescence daughters with a purple shirt and a pink hair bands standing near the wooden .	A little girl is inner on her computer .
contradiction	A men in a white shirt and baseball hat is pushing a cart carry varied purses on a street .	A masculine is carry a bunch of kittens .
contradiction	A men in a white shirt and baseball hat is pushing a cart carry myriad bags on a street .	A male is carry a bunch of kittens .
contradiction	A man in a white shirt and baseball hat is pushing a cart carrying varied handbags on a street .	A male is carrying a bunch of kittens .
contradiction	A masculine and a children painted a post .	The two mens are fight .
contradiction	A masculine and a adolescents paint a post .	The two man are tussle .
contradiction	A mens and a adolescent paints a post .	The two mens are fights .
contradiction	White dog high jumping over some pillows .	The dog is laying down on the bed .
contradiction	White dog high jumping over some pillows .	The dog is laying down on the bed .
contradiction	White dog high jumping over some pillows .	The dog is laying down on the bed .
contradiction	A dame with blue jeans and a brown shirt is speaking on her mobile on the seconds floor of the mall .	the masculine are headed to the movies
contradiction	A lady with blue jeans and a brown shirt is speaking on her mobile on the second floor of the mall .	the mens are headed to the movies
contradiction	A lady with blue jeans and a brown shirt is speaking on her notebook on the seconds floor of the mall .	the mens are headed to the movies
contradiction	A mens , with a full face mask , sits on a pavement playing the guitar .	A female is wearing a mask
contradiction	A man , with a full face mask , sits on a sidewalk play the guitar .	A female is wearing a mask
contradiction	A male , with a full face mask , sits on a pavement playing the guitar .	A females is wearing a mask
contradiction	In front is a guy sing and play guitar and a white shirted drummer in the back .	The people are slumber .
contradiction	In front is a guy sing and play guitar and a white shirted drummer in the back .	The people are sleep .
contradiction	In front is a guy sing and playing guitar and a white shirted drummer in the back .	The people are sleep .
contradiction	a dog approximately to leap to catch a Frisbee	The dog is going to catch a baseball .
contradiction	a dog about to leap to catch a Frisbee	The dog is going to catch a baseball .
contradiction	a dog about to jump to catch a Frisbee	The dog is going to catch a baseball .
contradiction	A masculine in a blue collared t-shirt posing at someone while holding a jewish newspapers .	He is wearing the journals on his head .
contradiction	A masculine in a blue collared t-shirt posing at someone while holding a hebrew newspapers .	He is wearing the newspaper on his head .
contradiction	A mens in a blue collared t-shirt posing at someone while holding a jewish journal .	He is wearing the journals on his head .
contradiction	A female in orange sunglasses is playing the drum while speaking into a microphone in front of a huge sign .	A woman is scream at a crowd and they can not hear her because she has no microphone .
contradiction	A female in orange goggles is playing the drumming while speaking into a mics in front of a huge sign .	A woman is shouting at a crowd and they can not hear her because she has no mics .
contradiction	A woman in orange sunglasses is play the drumming while speaking into a mics in front of a hefty sign .	A female is screams at a crowd and they can not hear her because she has no mics .
contradiction	These people are in uniforms at a lacrosse type game .	There are males in suits sitting in a restaurant .
contradiction	These people are in standardized at a lacrosse type games .	There are man in suits sitting in a restaurant .
contradiction	These people are in standardized at a lacrosse type game .	There are man in suits sitting in a restaurant .
contradiction	A couple walking their dog .	A couple and their dog are in their living room .
contradiction	A couple walking their dog .	A couple and their dog are in their living rooms .
contradiction	A couple walking their dog .	A couple and their dog are in their living rooms .
contradiction	Two women and a petite daughters are resting with food and drank near a records in a grassy field under flowering tree .	3 mens are running
contradiction	Two women and a small daughter are resting with food and drank near a registers in a grassy field under flower tree .	3 men are running
contradiction	Two women and a little daughters are rest with food and drink near a record in a grassy field under flowering tree .	3 masculine are running
contradiction	A small teenager with a bags walks down a restrained routes next to a paints wall .	A little teenage is boxing in the ring
contradiction	A little underage with a bags walks down a confined paths next to a paintings wall .	A small kid is boxing in the ring
contradiction	A small adolescence with a bags walks down a restrained route next to a paints wall .	A small children is boxing in the ring
contradiction	males doing carpenter or construction on top of an unfinished building .	The men tore down the shed .
contradiction	masculine doing carpentry or construction on top of an unfinished building .	The mens tore down the shed .
contradiction	men doing woodwork or construction on top of an unfinished building .	The man tore down the shed .
contradiction	a brown dog with a yellow toy in his mouth is jumping off the grassy ground	The black dog has a red toy .
contradiction	a brown dog with a yellow toy in his mouth is jumping off the grassy ground	The negro dog has a red toy .
contradiction	a brown dog with a yellow toy in his mouth is jumping off the grassy ground	The negro dog has a red toy .
contradiction	Two masculine with matching t-shirts fold a towel in the living room .	Two female are having coffee .
contradiction	Two males with matching t-shirts fold a towel in the living room .	Two woman are having coffee .
contradiction	Two men with matches t-shirts fold a towel in the living rooms .	Two females are having coffee .
contradiction	Two men wearing red blazers are quest out over some water and one men has yellow headset on his ears .	Two female are staring at a mountain and nor has any headset or jackets .
contradiction	Two males wearing red jerseys are searches out over some water and one mens has yellow headphones on his ears .	Two women are staring at a mountain and nor has any headphones or jackets .
contradiction	Two man wearing red blazers are searches out over some water and one males has yellow headphones on his ears .	Two woman are staring at a mountain and nor has any headphones or jerseys .
contradiction	Two masculine wearing red blazers are searching out over some water and one masculine has yellow earphones on his ears .	The blazers are blue .
contradiction	Two mens wearing red jackets are looking out over some water and one males has yellow headset on his ears .	The blazers are blue .
contradiction	Two males wearing red blazers are looking out over some water and one man has yellow headset on his ears .	The blazers are blue .
contradiction	A person standing next to an senior dark building .	A women running through a sunny field .
contradiction	A individuals standing next to an seniors dark building .	A woman running through a sunny field .
contradiction	A individuals standing next to an age dark building .	A females running through a sunny field .
contradiction	Young people and a teenaged are walking in the forests in a sunny day .	The aged folks were races in their wheels chair in the rain .
contradiction	Young people and a kid are walking in the woodland in a sunny day .	The outdated folks were races in their wheeled chair in the rain .
contradiction	Young people and a youthful are walking in the forestry in a sunny day .	The age folks were errand in their wheeled chair in the rain .
contradiction	A bearded male jumps in the snowy with the marina in the background and an orange , recumbent motorcycle parked near a route sign .	Nobody is jumping .
contradiction	A bearded men jumps in the snowy with the naval in the background and an orange , recumbent mopeds parked near a paths sign .	Nobody is jumping .
contradiction	A bearded man jumps in the snow with the marine in the background and an orange , recumbent bike parked near a paths sign .	Nobody is jumping .
contradiction	A smaller enjoying themselves on a yellow slide at a park .	A girls is reading a book .
contradiction	A teenagers enjoying themselves on a yellow slide at a park .	A girls is reading a book .
contradiction	A kids enjoying themselves on a yellow slide at a park .	A girls is reading a book .
contradiction	A individuals stands between two giant statues that look like confront .	A individuals is sitting between two television .
contradiction	A persons stands between two giant statues that look like confronts .	A individuals is sitting between two tv .
contradiction	A person stands between two giant statues that look like faces .	A individuals is sitting between two tvs .
contradiction	Two girl wearing hats are running through snowy drifts outer .	one girls running
contradiction	Two girl wearing hats are running through snowy drifts outboard .	one daughter running
contradiction	Two daughter wearing hats are running through snow drifts outside .	one girls running
contradiction	Two minor child daughters hiking through the snow on a colder winter day .	Two girls are sunbathing on the beach .
contradiction	Two juvenile kid daughter hiking through the snow on a icy winter day .	Two girl are sunbathing on the beach .
contradiction	Two smaller kid daughters hiking through the snow on a icy winter day .	Two girls are sunbathing on the beach .
contradiction	A performance panels is staged in one joint motion .	The groups is seperated from one another .
contradiction	A performance group is staged in one communal motion .	The panel is separated from one another .
contradiction	A performance groups is staged in one communal motion .	The group is separated from one another .
contradiction	Two adolescence wearing hooded tops laughing with each other .	two miner are riding in an airplane
contradiction	Two underage wearing hooded tops laughing with each other .	two teen are riding in an airplane
contradiction	Two children wearing hooded tops laughing with each other .	two teenagers are riding in an airplane
contradiction	A toddler is sitting at the bottom of a slide and smiling .	A toddler is sitting at the bottom of a clay slide and frowning .
contradiction	A toddler is sitting at the bottom of a slide and smiling .	A toddler is sitting at the bottom of a clay slide and frowning .
contradiction	A toddler is sitting at the bottom of a slide and smiling .	A toddler is sitting at the bottom of a mud slide and frowning .
contradiction	A youth boy is following through on a kick during a soccer games , while two gamers on the opposing team challenge .	The boy is on the floor , writhing in agony .
contradiction	A minor boy is following through on a kick during a soccer game , while two players on the oppose team challenge .	The boy is on the floor , writhing in agony .
contradiction	A youngsters boy is following through on a kick during a soccer games , while two gamers on the opposed team challenge .	The boy is on the floor , writhing in agony .
contradiction	Man taking images of seagulls over the oceanic .	There are flying swine too .
contradiction	Man taking image of seagulls over the maritime .	There are flying hog too .
contradiction	Man taking photographic of seagulls over the ocean .	There are flying pigs too .
contradiction	Two man scrimmage in soccer , as a referees looks on .	the ref is back flipping in the mud
contradiction	Two masculine scrimmage in soccer , as a referees looks on .	the ref is back flipping in the mud
contradiction	Two mens scrimmage in soccer , as a referee looks on .	the ref is back flipping in the mud
contradiction	At an outside event on a vast tables , differing workers form an assembly line in which they prepare food , with differing squeeze bottles and dispensers visible and a women wearing plastic gloves in the foreground .	Workers assemble cell cellphones in a mills .
contradiction	At an exterior event on a monumental table , diverse workers form an assembly line in which they prepare food , with several squeeze bottles and dispensers visible and a woman wearing plastic gloves in the foreground .	Workers assembling cell telephones in a factory .
contradiction	At an outdoor events on a huge tables , varied workers form an assembly line in which they prepare food , with different squeeze bottles and dispensers visible and a women wearing plastic gloves in the foreground .	Workers assemble cell cellphones in a mills .
contradiction	A men in a scotch shirt and brown panties is sitting on the pavement in front of some blankets while people walk by .	A males is laying down on a park bench as people walk by .
contradiction	A men in a scotch shirt and brown trousers is sitting on the pavement in front of some blankets while people walk by .	A male is laying down on a park bench as people walk by .
contradiction	A men in a plaid shirt and brown breeches is sitting on the sidewalk in front of some blankets while people walk by .	A man is laying down on a park bench as people walk by .
contradiction	A groups of three people are digging a overwhelming trench in a yard while another individuals walks close by .	There is nobody near the trench .
contradiction	A panels of three people are excavating a massive trench in a yard while another person walks close by .	There is nobody near the trench .
contradiction	A groups of three people are dig a overwhelming trench in a yard while another individuals walks close by .	There is nobody near the trench .
contradiction	Four teens are playing in some water .	The child are doing chores .
contradiction	Four kids are playing in some water .	The teenaged are doing chores .
contradiction	Four minor are play in some water .	The young are doing chores .
contradiction	a breakdancer masculine is performing for the adolescents at school	A women is break dancing
contradiction	a breakdancer male is performing for the teenager at school	A female is break dancing
contradiction	a breakdancer men is performing for the youths at school	A woman is break dancing
contradiction	A youngsters female talks on the phones and carries her knapsack while walking past some hats on display .	A female is walking through her bedroom .
contradiction	A juvenile females talks on the telephone and carries her backpack while walking past some hats on display .	A female is walking through her chamber .
contradiction	A teenager female talks on the telephones and carries her purses while walking past some hats on display .	A women is walking through her bedroom .
contradiction	A miner doing gymnastics	The underage is eating lunch at the park .
contradiction	A teenager doing gymnastics	The adolescents is eating lunch at the park .
contradiction	A youthful doing gymnastics	The teenaged is eating lunch at the park .
contradiction	A kid daughters is playing a musical instrument and sung into a mics .	A boy plays jets guitar while lip syncing .
contradiction	A miners girl is playing a musical instrument and sung into a mics .	A boy plays plane guitar while lip syncing .
contradiction	A miners girls is play a musical instrument and sing into a mics .	A boy plays airplanes guitar while lip syncing .
contradiction	A teenaged females with brown hairdo and an elders men with gray hairstyle and a sweater leap in the midair on a snowy hill with snowshoes on their feet .	An outdated women and a kid males are cross the street .
contradiction	A young woman with brown hairdo and an aging males with grey hairstyle and a jumper jump in the planes on a snow hill with snowshoes on their footing .	An old female and a adolescence male are crossing the street .
contradiction	A smaller female with brown hairdo and an archaic males with gray hair and a jumper leap in the airplanes on a snow hill with snowshoes on their feet .	An outdated females and a smaller mens are cross the street .
contradiction	A boy spin on a blue and yellow merry-go-round .	The boy is sitting on the ground .
contradiction	A boy spinning on a blue and yellow merry-go-round .	The boy is sitting on the ground .
contradiction	A boy spinning on a blue and yellow merry-go-round .	The boy is sitting on the ground .
contradiction	This woman is setting out a vegetable collects for sell in the market .	A women sell tire .
contradiction	This females is setting out a vegetable collects for sell in the marketplace .	A female sells tires .
contradiction	This woman is setting out a vegetable collection for sale in the market .	A women sold tire .
contradiction	Four teen girl play in the water .	There are boys and daughters in the water .
contradiction	Four youthful girl playing in the water .	There are boys and girl in the water .
contradiction	Four teen daughter playing in the water .	There are boys and daughters in the water .
contradiction	A couple of woman are talking to each other while one is flicking her cigarette .	Neither one of them enjoy cigarettes .
contradiction	A couple of women are talking to each other while one is flicking her cigarette .	Neither one of them enjoy tobacco .
contradiction	A couple of woman are talking to each other while one is flicking her cigarette .	Neither one of them enjoy smoked .
contradiction	A surfing is riding a wave in a vast agency of water .	The surfer is skateboarding .
contradiction	A surf is riding a wave in a big organs of water .	The surf is skateboarding .
contradiction	A surfer is riding a wave in a heavy agency of water .	The surfer is skateboard .
contradiction	A surf on a wave .	A swimmer at a pool .
contradiction	A surf on a wave .	A swimmer at a pool .
contradiction	A surfing on a wave .	A swimmer at a pool .
contradiction	A men in glasses in a cellar .	The man is sitting in his living room .
contradiction	A man in goggles in a basement .	The male is sitting in his living rooms .
contradiction	A man in eyeglasses in a cellar .	The mens is sitting in his living rooms .
contradiction	Two kids re laying on a carpets with some wood bricks laid out in a squares between them .	Two youths are play catch at a park .
contradiction	Two teenaged re laying on a rugs with some wooden bricks laid out in a square between them .	Two youths are playing catch at a park .
contradiction	Two minor re laying on a mat with some timber bricks laid out in a squares between them .	Two young are playing catch at a park .
contradiction	A female sweeping in front of a ladder on a busy street .	A masculine dumping a truck full of dirt onto the street
contradiction	A women sweep in front of a ladder on a busy street .	A men dumping a truck full of filth onto the street
contradiction	A woman sweeping in front of a ladder on a busy street .	A masculine dumping a truck full of dirt onto the street
contradiction	A young daughter running on grass	The girls sits at the kitchen table , decorating the Christmas cookie while her mother looks on .
contradiction	A teenager girls running on grass	The daughter sits at the kitchen tables , decorating the Christmas cookie while her momma looks on .
contradiction	A kids daughter running on grass	The girls sits at the kitchen tables , decorating the Christmas cookies while her mam looks on .
contradiction	The mens in the black t-shirt is trying to throw something .	The man is walking away .
contradiction	The mens in the black t-shirt is trying to throw something .	The men is walking away .
contradiction	The man in the black t-shirt is trying to throw something .	The man is walking away .
contradiction	A balding men with spectacles stands in front of a colorful display .	A thick haired men sits on the ground .
contradiction	A balding male with glasses stands in front of a colorful display .	A thick haired men sits on the ground .
contradiction	A balding men with glasses stands in front of a colorful display .	A thick haired male sits on the ground .
contradiction	pedestrian walking on the street	A persons walking inside a building .
contradiction	pedestrian walking on the street	A persons walking inner a building .
contradiction	pedestrian walking on the street	A individuals walking interior a building .
contradiction	One men watches while another breakdances , balances itself for a moment on one hand .	A female strips in a sleazy club .
contradiction	One male watches while another breakdances , balancing itself for a moment on one hand .	A female strips in a sleazy club .
contradiction	One man clocks while another breakdances , balancing himself for a moment on one hand .	A woman strips in a sleazy club .
contradiction	People ordering and picking up food at a restaurant window .	The people are wait at their table for the waitress to bring their food .
contradiction	People orders and picking up food at a restaurant window .	The people are waiting at their tables for the waitress to bring their food .
contradiction	People order and picking up food at a restaurant window .	The people are wait at their tables for the waitress to bring their food .
contradiction	A soccer team is standing on the field waiting for their calendar to make a move .	People are eating live tortoise .
contradiction	A soccer team is standing on the field wait for their schedule to make a move .	People are eating live turtle .
contradiction	A soccer team is standing on the field waiting for their periods to make a move .	People are eating live turtles .
contradiction	Several men assisting each other pull in a fishing net .	There is one masculine holding the net .
contradiction	Several men helps each other pull in a fishing net .	There is one masculine holding the net .
contradiction	Several mens aid each other pull in a fishing net .	There is one mens holding the net .
contradiction	The collie is standing outdoors on a sandy areas .	The collie is running through the park .
contradiction	The collie is standing outdoors on a sandy areas .	The collie is running through the park .
contradiction	The collie is standing outdoors on a sandy sphere .	The collie is running through the park .
contradiction	A panel of people trip in a petite timber sail .	A groups of people waiting for a supreme surveys .
contradiction	A grouping of people travels in a small woods examined .	A panels of people waiting for a biggest yacht .
contradiction	A panel of people trips in a petite lumber surveys .	A panel of people waiting for a maximum sailing .
contradiction	A group of people travel in a small wood investigate .	A panels of people on a sunken sail .
contradiction	A groups of people trips in a little woods ship .	A panel of people on a sunken explorer .
contradiction	A groups of people journey in a small woods examining .	A group of people on a sunken examining .
contradiction	a dog jumps over the pole .	Dog is asleep on the floor .
contradiction	a dog jumps over the pole .	Dog is asleep on the floor .
contradiction	a dog jumps over the poles .	Dog is asleep on the floor .
contradiction	baseball player dressed in blue with a red helmet at home plate in front of a catcher and referee swinging a bat	A baseball player has a green and orange helmet .
contradiction	baseball player attired in blue with a red helmet at home plate in front of a catcher and umpire swinging a bat	A baseball player has a green and orange helmet .
contradiction	baseball player dressed in blue with a red helmet at home plate in front of a catcher and referee swinging a bat	A baseball player has a green and orange helmet .
contradiction	A toddler sits on a stone wall surrounded by fallen leaves .	An youth is throwing stones at a leaf wall
contradiction	A toddler sits on a stone wall surrounded by fallen leaves .	An teenagers is throwing stones at a leaf wall
contradiction	A toddler sits on a stone wall surrounded by fallen leaves .	An teenaged is throwing stones at a leaf wall
contradiction	A men performer sings and plays the guitar in front of a microphone .	A boy is helped his papa excavating a ditch .
contradiction	A males performer singing and plays the guitar in front of a microphone .	A boy is aids his dad digs a ditch .
contradiction	A man performer sings and plays the guitar in front of a mics .	A boy is aided his papa excavating a ditch .
contradiction	A male with middle lengths curly hair , wearing a button down shirt and bracelets , sings into a mics while he plays a guitar .	Everyone is bald
contradiction	A masculine with middle lengths curly hairstyle , wearing a button down shirt and bracelets , singing into a mics while he plays a guitar .	Everyone is bald
contradiction	A masculine with media lengths curly hairdo , wearing a button down shirt and bracelets , sing into a microphone while he plays a guitar .	Everyone is bald
contradiction	One teen boy in a yellow long-sleeved shirt and jeans sitting down , with five grownup in front of him , one operating a videotapes camera .	A kids boy juggling three red balls while blindfolded .
contradiction	One youth boy in a yellow long-sleeved shirt and jeans sitting down , with five adult in front of him , one operating a videotaped camera .	A teens boy juggling three red balls while blindfolded .
contradiction	One kid boy in a yellow long-sleeved shirt and jeans sitting down , with five adult in front of him , one operating a videotaping camera .	A miners boy juggling three red balls while blindfolded .
contradiction	A males in a black coat and hat and a women in a blue coat with pink hat snowshoeing on the side of a road with a stoplight in the background .	A males and women are sitting by the fire .
contradiction	A man in a negro coat and hat and a woman in a blue coat with pink hat snowshoeing on the side of a route with a stoplight in the background .	A men and woman are sitting by the fire .
contradiction	A mens in a black coat and hat and a woman in a blue coat with pink hat snowshoeing on the side of a paths with a stoplight in the background .	A men and females are sitting by the fire .
contradiction	A four piece bands plays a song on a medium-size stages .	A three piece band plays a song on a medium-size stage .
contradiction	A four piece bands plays a song on a medium-size stage .	A three piece band plays a song on a medium-size stages .
contradiction	A four piece band plays a song on a medium-size stage .	A three piece bands plays a song on a medium-size stages .
contradiction	Two man in costumes with fake carrot noses , top hats , spectacles and white fur coats that contain white electrified lighting .	Nobody has a costume one
contradiction	Two men in costumes with fake carrot noses , top hats , glasses and white fur coats that contain white electrical illumination .	Nobody has a costume one
contradiction	Two male in costumes with fake carrot noses , top hats , eyeglasses and white fur coats that contain white electricity lights .	Nobody has a costume one
contradiction	Three male drank at a reflective bar .	Three males are watching a football games at one of their homes .
contradiction	Three mens drink at a reflective bar .	Three males are watching a football game at one of their houses .
contradiction	Three men drink at a reflective bar .	Three man are watching a football game at one of their house .
contradiction	Two males are dressed up as snowmen .	two women are clothed up
contradiction	Two men are dressed up as snowmen .	two females are dressed up
contradiction	Two man are dressed up as snowmen .	two woman are attired up
contradiction	Person fishing in river .	The masculine is shopping at the mall
contradiction	Person fishing in river .	The man is shopping at the mall
contradiction	Person fishing in river .	The male is shopping at the mall
contradiction	A mens in orange and a males in a light blue top are walking down the street toward something .	Two man are watchin TV inside
contradiction	A males in orange and a men in a light blue top are walking down the street toward something .	Two males are watchin TV inside
contradiction	A man in orange and a man in a light blue top are walking down the street toward something .	Two men are watchin TV inside
contradiction	One female and two men musicians holding musical equipment .	There four females
contradiction	One woman and two masculine musicians holding musical equipment .	There four females
contradiction	One female and two man musicians holding musical equipment .	There four females
contradiction	A panels of people taking pictures on a walkway in front of a huge organs of water .	A mens cleans up a spill .
contradiction	A group of people taking photography on a walkway in front of a immense bodies of water .	A masculine cleans up a spill .
contradiction	A panel of people taking photographic on a walkway in front of a hefty organs of water .	A men cleans up a spill .
contradiction	A gigantic dog catches a ball on his nose	A terrier is rolling on the ground
contradiction	A overwhelming dog catches a ball on his nose	A spaniel is rolling on the ground
contradiction	A gigantic dog catches a ball on his nose	A doberman is rolling on the ground
contradiction	Two females kneeling and a masculine sting in a chair search towards a masculine in gowns on an altar .	The women are robbing a bank .
contradiction	Two women kneeling and a masculine sting in a chairs looking toward a men in gowns on an altar .	The woman are robbing a bank .
contradiction	Two woman kneeling and a masculine sting in a chair searching toward a men in robes on an altar .	The women are robbing a bank .
contradiction	A wet black lab with a red collar is standing in the water .	A white dog is laying on the grass .
contradiction	A wet negro lab with a red collar is standing in the water .	A white dog is laying on the grass .
contradiction	A wet negro darkroom with a red collar is standing in the water .	A white dog is laying on the grass .
contradiction	a youthful laying down with paper crafts strewn roughly the floor	The child is dances in her rooms .
contradiction	a adolescents laying down with paper craftsmen strewn roughly the floor	The youthful is dancing in her room .
contradiction	a juveniles laying down with paper crafts strewn about the floor	The teenaged is dancing in her rooms .
contradiction	a youth boy in green playing ping-pong with a seniors masculine in blue in a gymnasium	The mens is wearing yellow .
contradiction	a juveniles boy in green playing ping-pong with a antiquated men in blue in a gymnasium	The masculine is wearing yellow .
contradiction	a young boy in green play ping-pong with a senior mens in blue in a gymnasium	The males is wearing yellow .
contradiction	Man with an orange bandanna is playing the flute .	Woman with an orange bandanna is playing the flute .
contradiction	Man with an orange bandanna is play the flute .	Woman with an orange bandanna is playing the flute .
contradiction	Man with an orange bandanna is play the flute .	Woman with an orange bandanna is play the flute .
contradiction	A performer plays an instrument for the audience .	The instrument plays a performer for an audience .
contradiction	A performer plays an instrument for the audience .	The instrument plays a performer for an audience .
contradiction	A performer plays an instrument for the audience .	The instrument plays a performer for an audience .
contradiction	Two people in coats kissing on the side of a road .	Two matrimony people avoid quest at one another .
contradiction	Two people in coats kissing on the side of a road .	Two wedding people avoided search at one another .
contradiction	Two people in coats kiss on the side of a paths .	Two matrimony people avoid looking at one another .
contradiction	A person in a red and tan coat is snowboarding off a hill of snowy .	A individuals is feeding some cattle .
contradiction	A persons in a red and tan coat is snowboarding off a hill of snowy .	A individuals is feeding some cattle .
contradiction	A persons in a red and tan coat is snowboard off a hill of snowy .	A persons is feeding some cattle .
contradiction	A light technique man with tribes tattoos aiming a spotlight over a balcony .	An actress takes the stages .
contradiction	A light technological males with clan tattoos aiming a spotlight over a balcony .	An actress takes the stages .
contradiction	A light technological male with tribal tattoos aiming a spotlight over a balcony .	An actress takes the stage .
contradiction	Four boys are about to be hit by an approaching wave .	The wave missed the boys .
contradiction	Four boys are about to be hit by an approaching wave .	The wave missed the boys .
contradiction	Four boys are about to be hit by an approaching wave .	The wave missed the boys .
contradiction	A woman standing with smile on her face and she is holding a wooden in her hand	A female stands holding her baby and crying .
contradiction	A woman standing with smile on her face and she is holding a wood in her hand	A women stands holding her baby and crying .
contradiction	A females standing with smile on her face and she is holding a lumber in her hand	A women stands holding her baby and crying .
contradiction	A miners boy hanging on a pole smiling at the camera .	The teenager boy is crying .
contradiction	A teenage boy hanging on a pole smiling at the camera .	The kids boy is crying .
contradiction	A teenaged boy hanging on a pole smiling at the camera .	The teenager boy is crying .
contradiction	Two female and a man are sitting down eating and drinking various items .	Three female are shopping at the mall .
contradiction	Two females and a men are sitting down eating and drinking different items .	Three female are shopping at the mall .
contradiction	Two woman and a man are sitting down eating and drinking myriad items .	Three women are shopping at the mall .
contradiction	The mens is wearing an orange and black polo shirt and is kneeling with his lunch box in one hand while holding a banana in his other hand .	A man is wearing a green t shirt while holding a banana .
contradiction	The men is wearing an orange and negro polo shirt and is kneeling with his lunch box in one hand while holding a banana in his other hand .	A man is wearing a green t shirt while holding a banana .
contradiction	The males is wearing an orange and black polo shirt and is kneeling with his lunch box in one hand while holding a banana in his other hand .	A males is wearing a green t shirt while holding a banana .
contradiction	A football layer wearing a red shirt .	A football player in a negro jersey .
contradiction	A football layer wearing a red shirt .	A football player in a negro jersey .
contradiction	A football layer wearing a red shirt .	A football player in a negro jersey .
contradiction	Six woman waiting to use a port-o-john in a field .	Friends are meetings for coffee .
contradiction	Six women waiting to use a port-o-john in a field .	Friends are meetings for coffee .
contradiction	Six woman waiting to use a port-o-john in a field .	Friends are meetings for coffee .
contradiction	A underage africans teen in a dirty yellow shirt carrying a rucksack on his head .	A minor African children playing soccer .
contradiction	A teenagers african teen in a dirty yellow shirt carrying a handbags on his head .	A teenagers African youth play soccer .
contradiction	A adolescence africans smaller in a dirty yellow shirt carry a wallets on his head .	A minor African minors play soccer .
contradiction	The celebrations of the Latin celebration has brought myriad visitors and enthusiastic , colorful , performers to the city .	The city is completely devoid of people .
contradiction	The festivities of the Latin celebration has brought different visitors and enthusiastic , colorful , performers to the town .	The town is completely devoid of people .
contradiction	The festivities of the Latin celebration has brought different visitors and enthusiastic , colorful , performers to the town .	The city is totally devoid of people .
contradiction	A petite girl with braids blowing bubbles .	A underage boy plays with his yo-yo .
contradiction	A petite daughters with braids blowing bubbles .	A miners boy plays with his yo-yo .
contradiction	A small girl with pigtails blowing bubbles .	A adolescents boy plays with his yo-yo .
contradiction	A smiling bride sits in a swing with her smiling groom standing behind her posing for the man image while a boy holding a bottled drink and another boy wearing a green shirt observe .	Bride running away from her wedding .
contradiction	A smiling bride sits in a swing with her smiling groom standing behind her posing for the masculine images while a boy holding a bottled drank and another boy wearing a green shirt observe .	Bride running away from her weddings .
contradiction	A smiling bride sits in a swing with her smiling groom standing behind her posing for the man photographic while a boy holding a bottled drank and another boy wearing a green shirt observe .	Bride running away from her marriage .
contradiction	Man sitting play guitar .	A mens is standing on stages at a concert , play saxophone .
contradiction	Man sitting playing guitar .	A man is standing on stages at a concert , playing saxophone .
contradiction	Man sitting playing guitar .	A masculine is standing on stage at a concert , playing saxophone .
contradiction	A masculine with lengthy hairstyle discussions into a microphone as if on a stages .	A men is swim in the nautical .
contradiction	A mens with lengthy hairstyle discussions into a mics as if on a stage .	A male is swim in the marine .
contradiction	A man with lengthy hairstyle conversations into a mics as if on a stages .	A men is swimming in the maritime .
contradiction	A woman wearing dollar sign eyeglasses , holding a dollar bill , stands with a suitcase that says `` Lucky '' that is overflowing with funding .	She does a handstand in her companies suit
contradiction	A woman wearing dollar sign goggles , holding a dollar bill , stands with a baggage that says `` Lucky '' that is overflowing with funding .	She does a handstand in her company suit
contradiction	A women wearing dollar sign glasses , holding a dollar bills , stands with a luggage that says `` Lucky '' that is overflowing with funds .	She does a handstand in her business suit
contradiction	A individuals is riding their bike and a persons in a bright yellow jacket is watching someone fall off their cycle .	The other individuals laughed .
contradiction	A person is riding their motorbikes and a persons in a bright yellow jacket is watching someone fall off their bicycles .	The other persons laughed .
contradiction	A person is riding their motorcycles and a individuals in a bright yellow jacket is watching someone fall off their biking .	The other persons laughed .
contradiction	A persons is riding their bicycle and a persons in a bright yellow jacket is watching someone fall off their bicycles .	Both people fell off their bike .
contradiction	A individuals is riding their cycle and a person in a bright yellow jacket is watching someone fall off their bicycling .	Both people fell off their cyclist .
contradiction	A individuals is riding their cycling and a individuals in a bright yellow jacket is watching someone fall off their bikes .	Both people fell off their bike .
contradiction	A dame is helps another women work in a silver compartment , which is most likely related to nurse-work .	A dame is slumber on a couch
contradiction	A dame is helping another female work in a silver compartment , which is most likely connected to nurse-work .	A lady is sleeping on a couch
contradiction	A dame is aids another female work in a silver compartment , which is most likely linked to nurse-work .	A dame is sleeping on a couch
contradiction	A masculine speaking with two woman .	A men and two female are bungee jumping .
contradiction	A male speaking with two women .	A male and two women are bungee jumping .
contradiction	A mens speaking with two women .	A men and two female are bungee jumping .
contradiction	An aged female is holding a small youthful .	a male holding a baby
contradiction	An age females is holding a petite juveniles .	a men holding a baby
contradiction	An aging women is holding a small kid .	a males holding a baby
contradiction	A males is holding a child on his shoulders .	The kid is too jumbo to ride on the mans shoulders now .
contradiction	A masculine is holding a kid on his shoulders .	The teens is too hefty to ride on the mans shoulders now .
contradiction	A masculine is holding a minors on his shoulders .	The minors is too vast to ride on the mans shoulders now .
contradiction	A blond boy stands among people in a shady setting with a overwhelming snake wrapped around his chest .	A blond boy is sleeping in bed at home .
contradiction	A blond boy stands among people in a shady setting with a vast snake wrapped around his chest .	A blond boy is slept in bed at home .
contradiction	A blond boy stands among people in a shady setting with a enormous snake wrapped around his torso .	A blond boy is sleep in bed at home .
contradiction	Young minor standing on a snow piling in a town .	the men is at home sleeping
contradiction	Young youth standing on a snowy piling in a town .	the men is at home sleeping
contradiction	Young youths standing on a snow pile in a city .	the masculine is at home sleeping
contradiction	Young teenagers standing on a snow pile in a town .	the man is white
contradiction	Young teenage standing on a snow pile in a town .	the men is white
contradiction	Young minors standing on a snowy pile in a city .	the males is white
contradiction	Young teenager standing on a snow piling in a city .	a masculine on a pile
contradiction	Young youngsters standing on a snowy piling in a city .	a males on a pile
contradiction	Young underage standing on a snowy piling in a town .	a males on a pile
contradiction	A child wearing a brown coat , red hat and snowy boots on top of a snow piling near a tree on the cornering of a street intersection .	A teenaged riding his bikes by the beach .
contradiction	A children wearing a brown coat , red hat and snow boots on top of a snow pile near a tree on the cornering of a street crossroads .	A underage riding his motorbikes by the beach .
contradiction	A teenager wearing a brown coat , red hat and snow boots on top of a snowy pile near a tree on the nook of a street junction .	A smaller riding his cyclist by the beach .
contradiction	A little groups of people wait to board an MTA bus .	Large crowds of people waiting for a bus .
contradiction	A small groups of people waiting to board an MTA bus .	Large crowds of people waiting for a bus .
contradiction	A petite panel of people waiting to board an MTA bus .	Large crowds of people waiting for a bus .
contradiction	A dog with a purple leash is held by a woman wearing white shoes .	A males is holding a leash on someone else dog .
contradiction	A dog with a purple leash is held by a females wearing white shoe .	A men is holding a leash on someone else dog .
contradiction	A dog with a purple leash is held by a woman wearing white shoes .	A mens is holding a leash on someone else dog .
contradiction	A females talks on a laptops while sitting in front of blue railings that are in front of the oceanic .	She throws her telephone into the sea
contradiction	A women talks on a mobiles while sitting in front of blue railings that are in front of the marina .	She throws her cellphones into the sea
contradiction	A female talks on a mobile while sitting in front of blue railings that are in front of the marina .	She throws her phones into the sea
contradiction	A child mens sitting in front of a computer monitor	Someone is at the films with their friends .
contradiction	A teenage male sitting in front of a computer monitor	Someone is at the movies with their friends .
contradiction	A juvenile man sitting in front of a computers monitor	Someone is at the films with their friends .
contradiction	Two people are setting up a photography shoot of a portable in a white room .	The room is black .
contradiction	Two people are setting up a photographer shoot of a cellphone in a white room .	The rooms is black .
contradiction	Two people are setting up a pictures shoot of a movable in a white room .	The rooms is black .
contradiction	Two distinguished old gentlemen stand outer a housing , tree in background , both with white hairstyle , the taller males having his arm approximately the other man 's shoulder as they face the camera from behind their corrective lenses .	The elderly man are sitting inside drinking tea .
contradiction	Two distinguished elder gentlemen stand outdoor a housing , trees in background , both with white hair , the taller masculine having his arm roughly the other males 's shoulder as they face the camera from behind their corrective lenses .	The ancient male are sitting internal drinking tea .
contradiction	Two distinguished older gentleman stand outboard a housing , tree in background , both with white hairstyle , the taller males having his arm about the other man 's shoulder as they face the camera from behind their corrective lens .	The elders male are sitting inside drinking tea .
contradiction	A tall elderly man is standing with his hand around another shorter elder male in the medium of the city	they are sitting on a couch
contradiction	A tall archaic man is standing with his hand around another shorter elders mens in the medium of the city	they are sitting on a couch
contradiction	A tall age male is standing with his hand around another shorter archaic males in the medium of the city	they are sitting on a couch
contradiction	One man , wearing a blue jacket , is kicking another male , wearing a red jacket .	A women puts on makeup
contradiction	One men , wearing a blue jacket , is kicking another male , wearing a red jacket .	A women puts on makeup
contradiction	One man , wearing a blue jacket , is kicking another masculine , wearing a red jacket .	A females puts on makeup
contradiction	An outdated man with goggles , a red ball chaps and satchel is standing in front of an opens doorway .	the masculine is flying a plane
contradiction	An ancient man with glasses , a red ball chaps and pockets is standing in front of an openings doorway .	the men is flying a plane
contradiction	An antiquated men with spectacles , a red ball chaps and purses is standing in front of an opening doorway .	the male is flying a plane
contradiction	A large groups of people populate a dimly lit room .	The people are populating the city .
contradiction	A vast group of people populate a dimly illuminated room .	The people are populating the city .
contradiction	A massive grouping of people populate a dimly illuminated rooms .	The people are populating the town .
contradiction	A teen men in an orange hat walks his bikes down a street .	A mens in blue walks his scooter down a street .
contradiction	A smaller man in an orange hat walks his bicycling down a street .	A males in blue walks his scooter down a street .
contradiction	A adolescent mens in an orange hat walks his motorcycles down a street .	A man in blue walks his scooter down a street .
contradiction	A females with red-hair staples some papers	A red-haired women is working on the computers .
contradiction	A female with red-hair staples some papers	A red-haired females is working on the computer .
contradiction	A females with red-hair staples some papers	A red-haired woman is working on the computers .
contradiction	A woman with red-hair staples some papers	There are women shuffling papers .
contradiction	A women with red-hair staples some papers	There are female shuffling papers .
contradiction	A female with red-hair staples some papers	There are female shuffling papers .
contradiction	It looks like quite a sweaty , smelly dog pile over one petite rugby ball , but the boys in blue seem to want it more .	A little boy looks disgusted that is ball is dirty
contradiction	It looks like quite a sweaty , smelly dog piling over one small rugby ball , but the boys in blue seem to want it more .	A little boy looks disgusted that is ball is dirty
contradiction	It looks like quite a sweaty , smelly dog piling over one little rugby ball , but the boys in blue seem to want it more .	A little boy looks disgusted that is ball is dirty
contradiction	A white-clad soccer player is attempting to intercept a soccer ball that is swiftly approaching the targeting box .	A basketball player blocks a shot .
contradiction	A white-clad soccer player is attempting to intercept a soccer ball that is quickly approaching the goal box .	A basketball player blocks a shot .
contradiction	A white-clad soccer player is attempting to intercept a soccer ball that is rapid approaching the goal box .	A basketball player blocks a shot .
contradiction	A man is tossing a knife in the aviation while another masculine stands vicinity .	A males is being detaining for assault with a knife .
contradiction	A mens is tossing a knife in the aviation while another masculine stands vicinity .	A male is being arrest for assault with a knife .
contradiction	A males is tossing a knife in the air while another masculine stands nearby .	A masculine is being detaining for assault with a knife .
contradiction	A men is holding a mics in front of his mouth .	The men is swimming in the oceanic .
contradiction	A male is holding a mics in front of his mouth .	The male is swim in the marine .
contradiction	A man is holding a mics in front of his mouth .	The man is swimming in the maritime .
contradiction	A picture is using a tripod to take a pictures of a sunset .	The photograph is holding the camera in his hands .
contradiction	A photographer is using a tripod to take a photography of a sunset .	The photography is holding the camera in his hands .
contradiction	A photos is using a tripod to take a photography of a sunset .	The photos is holding the camera in his hands .
contradiction	Many people gathered in a room with varied people on stage with instruments and the words `` The Early November '' on the wall .	Mob gathers as flutes fight to the death
contradiction	Many people gathered in a rooms with many people on stage with instruments and the words `` The Early November '' on the wall .	Mob gathers as flutes battle to the death
contradiction	Many people gathered in a rooms with various people on stage with instruments and the words `` The Early November '' on the wall .	Mob gathers as flutes tussle to the death
contradiction	Child plays with dove in busy public zone while grouping of people watch him play .	A panel of people take turns carry an wounded teens .
contradiction	Child plays with dove in busy public areas while panels of people watch him playing .	A panels of people take turns carry an wounds teens .
contradiction	Child plays with pigeon in busy public area while panel of people watch him playing .	A panels of people take turns carrying an wound underage .
contradiction	Two mens are aiding a little girls in a harness .	There are two women help a boy with a harness .
contradiction	Two mens are helping a petite girl in a harness .	There are two females aid a boy with a harness .
contradiction	Two men are assist a petite daughters in a harness .	There are two woman helping a boy with a harness .
contradiction	Two males are helping a little girls in a harness .	The male tying the girls up .
contradiction	Two male are helping a small daughter in a harness .	The male tying the girl up .
contradiction	Two male are aided a little girl in a harness .	The males tying the girl up .
contradiction	a skier is throwing up snowy as he ski off piste .	A snowboarder takes a nap on the course .
contradiction	a skier is throwing up snow as he skis off piste .	A snowboarder takes a nap on the course .
contradiction	a skier is throwing up snow as he skis off piste .	A snowboarder takes a nap on the course .
contradiction	Many people gathered in a room with varied people on stage with instruments and the words `` The Early November '' on the wall .	People leave as the concert is decides to charges per note
contradiction	Many people gathered in a room with multiple people on stage with instruments and the words `` The Early November '' on the wall .	People leave as the concert is decides to charges per note
contradiction	Many people gathered in a rooms with differing people on stage with instruments and the words `` The Early November '' on the wall .	People leave as the concert is decides to charges per note
contradiction	A individuals in an orange jacket getting out of the rear of a Toyota SUV , parked in front of a view of the marine and mountains .	The person is drive the SUV .
contradiction	A individuals in an orange jacket getting out of the rear of a Toyota SUV , parked in front of a view of the naval and mountains .	The person is drives the SUV .
contradiction	A persons in an orange jacket getting out of the rear of a Toyota SUV , parked in front of a view of the nautical and mountains .	The persons is drives the SUV .
contradiction	A shirtless male with red paints on his chest holding a stick .	A entirely dressed male holds a sign .
contradiction	A shirtless men with red painting on his torso holding a stick .	A completely dressed males holds a sign .
contradiction	A shirtless masculine with red paints on his torso holding a stick .	A fully dressed mens holds a sign .
contradiction	A boy in a yellow shirt running by some birds .	The boy 's shirt is orange .
contradiction	A boy in a yellow shirt running by some birds .	The boy 's shirt is orange .
contradiction	A boy in a yellow shirt running by some birds .	The boy 's shirt is orange .
contradiction	A young boy looks on as a mens performs the guitar on the street while sitting on a bench .	The juvenile boy is watching a hockey games .
contradiction	A youthful boy looks on as a men performs the guitar on the street while sitting on a bench .	The youths boy is watching a hockey game .
contradiction	A child boy looks on as a man performs the guitar on the street while sitting on a bench .	The adolescents boy is watching a hockey game .
contradiction	A male is repairing roof shingles .	A guy is jog .
contradiction	A masculine is repair roof shingles .	A guy is jog .
contradiction	A man is mend roof shingles .	A guy is jogging .
contradiction	Two girl pose along a tree-lined pathway and blow kisses toward the camera .	Two guys are standing by a tree .
contradiction	Two daughter pose along a tree-lined routes and blow kisses toward the camera .	Two guys are standing by a trees .
contradiction	Two daughters pose along a tree-lined paths and blow kisses towards the camera .	Two guys are standing by a trees .
contradiction	A hockey player in helmet .	The players are taking resting .
contradiction	A hockey player in helmet .	The players are taking resting .
contradiction	A hockey player in helmet .	The players are taking resting .
contradiction	Two runners errand on mopeds .	Two people are racing vehicle .
contradiction	Two runners errand on motorcycle .	Two people are racing auto .
contradiction	Two racers racing on mopeds .	Two people are errand cars .
contradiction	Three male dances as a panel of people watch .	three masculine shooting the one girl
contradiction	Three men dancing as a panels of people watch .	three masculine shooting the one girl
contradiction	Three male dance as a group of people watch .	three masculine shooting the one girl
contradiction	Two adolescence girls search very concerned .	They are n't pays attention to anything .
contradiction	Two miners daughter searching very concerned .	They are n't wage attention to anything .
contradiction	Two child girl searches very concerned .	They are n't wage attention to anything .
contradiction	Two youths daughter looking very concerned .	A man is lying face down on the street .
contradiction	Two youths girl searching very concerned .	A male is lies face down on the street .
contradiction	Two youngsters girl looking very concerned .	A man is lies face down on the street .
contradiction	A teen is thrown by a men in the swimming pool .	A youthful is tosses into a box by a female .
contradiction	A teenager is thrown by a masculine in the swim pool .	A minor is tosses into a box by a female .
contradiction	A teenager is thrown by a males in the swim pool .	A underage is tosses into a box by a woman .
contradiction	A kid daughter with her bicycle .	There is a girl slumber internal her housing .
contradiction	A smaller girls with her cycling .	There is a girl sleeping internal her homes .
contradiction	A kids girls with her biking .	There is a daughter slept internal her homes .
contradiction	Two males sit together and a female is not too far from them under a bridge as all three watch the water in front of them .	He plays a vial of gin .
contradiction	Two masculine sit together and a females is not too far from them under a bridges as all three watch the water in front of them .	He plays a flask of gin .
contradiction	Two masculine sit together and a woman is not too far from them under a bridge as all three watch the water in front of them .	He plays a flask of gin .
contradiction	An Asian women in a purple shirt preparing a bowl of food for the cadet Asian boy sitting near buy , while an Asian man eats a roll and prepares to take some food up with his chopsticks .	A woman is doing the dishes .
contradiction	An Asian female in a purple shirt preparing a bowl of food for the younger Asian boy sitting near buy , while an Asian masculine eats a roll and prepares to take some food up with his chopsticks .	A woman is doing the dishes .
contradiction	An Asian females in a purple shirt preparing a bowl of food for the cadet Asian boy sitting near buy , while an Asian man eats a roll and prepares to take some food up with his chopsticks .	A female is doing the dishes .
contradiction	A petite boy in flannel pajama pants and an orange shirt is play the guitar on the couch .	The boy plays the flute
contradiction	A small boy in flannel pajama panties and an orange shirt is play the guitar on the couch .	The boy plays the flute
contradiction	A small boy in flannel pajama undergarments and an orange shirt is playing the guitar on the couch .	The boy plays the flute
contradiction	A man rides a biking while a youthful girls holds onto the back of him .	The man is sitting on the ground .
contradiction	A mens rides a bicycling while a juvenile daughters holds onto the back of him .	The male is sitting on the ground .
contradiction	A masculine rides a moped while a adolescence daughter holds onto the back of him .	The males is sitting on the ground .
contradiction	There is one man with light blue jeans on , and one with dark blue jeans on that are walking down the street .	Two masculine are making pancakes in their swimtrunks .
contradiction	There is one man with light blue jeans on , and one with dark blue jeans on that are walking down the street .	Two man are making pancakes in their swimtrunks .
contradiction	There is one masculine with light blue jeans on , and one with dark blue jeans on that are walking down the street .	Two mens are making pancakes in their swimtrunks .
contradiction	Man wearing blue bowing on floor in front of another male in blue bowing on floor with two other mens wearing blue kneeling on same floor also .	A masculine is wearing nothing .
contradiction	Man wearing blue bowing on floor in front of another men in blue bowing on floor with two other masculine wearing blue kneeling on same floor also .	A males is wearing nothing .
contradiction	Man wearing blue bowing on floor in front of another man in blue bowing on floor with two other male wearing blue kneeling on same floor also .	A masculine is wearing nothing .
contradiction	two white dogs fights with each other	The two dogs are play fetch with their landlord .
contradiction	two white dogs fight with each other	The two dogs are playing fetch with their landlord .
contradiction	two white dogs combat with each other	The two dogs are playing fetch with their holder .
contradiction	Five miners blond and light brown-haired daughters are sitting on the ground reading books together .	5 daughters wakeboarding
contradiction	Five underage blond and light brown-haired daughters are sitting on the ground reading books together .	5 girls wakeboarding
contradiction	Five adolescents blond and light brown-haired girls are sitting on the ground reading ledger together .	5 daughters wakeboarding
contradiction	There is a persons walking down a tree lined street with snow scattered approximately .	There is a dog walking down a trees lined street with snowy scattered roughly .
contradiction	There is a persons walking down a tree lined street with snowy scattered approximately .	There is a dog walking down a trees lined street with snowy scattered about .
contradiction	There is a persons walking down a trees lined street with snow scattered approximately .	There is a dog walking down a tree lined street with snow scattered approximately .
contradiction	2 people with backpacks are at a tables with a female with a beige blazer sitting behind it .	10 people are kissing
contradiction	2 people with backpacks are at a tables with a women with a beige blazer sitting behind it .	10 people are kissing
contradiction	2 people with backpacks are at a tables with a female with a beige blazer sitting behind it .	10 people are kissing
contradiction	A males is doing a task by a organs of water on a farm .	The man is laying in a clay puddle .
contradiction	A man is doing a task by a bodies of water on a farm .	The men is laying in a mud puddle .
contradiction	A man is doing a task by a bodies of water on a farm .	The males is laying in a mud puddle .
contradiction	On the ground a boy in a red sweatshirt is leaning over holding a football and two other minor .	Bender strikes again !
contradiction	On the ground a boy in a red sweatshirt is leaning over holding a football and two other child .	Bender strikes again !
contradiction	On the ground a boy in a red sweatshirt is leaning over holding a football and two other minor .	Bender strikes again !
contradiction	A mens standing in front of a building on the telephone as two man to the side pain on the side .	two daughter walk through a hall
contradiction	A males standing in front of a building on the telephones as two masculine to the side pain on the side .	two daughter walk through a hall
contradiction	A male standing in front of a building on the cellphones as two men to the side pain on the side .	two girl walk through a hall
contradiction	A female is holding a mics in one hand and her mouth is openings .	A females laying down sleeping
contradiction	A females is holding a microphone in one hand and her mouth is opening .	A women laying down sleeping
contradiction	A females is holding a microphone in one hand and her mouth is openings .	A woman laying down sleeping
contradiction	Two girl jumping on a trampoline , one vertical and the other landing on her back , in a courtyard .	The girl are in a rocket navigate .
contradiction	Two daughters jumping on a trampoline , one upright and the other landing on her back , in a backyard .	The daughters are in a rocket probing .
contradiction	Two girls jumping on a trampoline , one vertical and the other landing on her back , in a courtyard .	The girl are in a missiles battleship .
contradiction	A daughter is blowing a large bubble .	A girl is blowing differing tiny bubbles .
contradiction	A girl is blowing a heavy bubble .	A daughter is blowing various tiny bubbles .
contradiction	A girl is blowing a overwhelming bubble .	A girls is blowing varying tiny bubbles .
contradiction	Biker riding through the forester .	Man riding bicycles on expressway .
contradiction	Biker riding through the forester .	Man riding biking on expressway .
contradiction	Biker riding through the forester .	Man riding cyclist on interstate .
contradiction	A small youthful is giving hefty metallic signs	A kids signature I love you .
contradiction	A little adolescent is giving gigantic metal signs	A juvenile signatures I love you .
contradiction	A small teens is giving gigantic metals signs	A young signing I love you .
contradiction	A small teens is giving jumbo metallic signs	A juvenile pretending his hand is a bull .
contradiction	A small adolescents is giving monumental metals signs	A miner pretending his hand is a bull .
contradiction	A petite youth is giving vast metallic signs	A smaller pretending his hand is a bull .
contradiction	A females camera operator is capture some off-camera measures .	A lady is paintings a picture
contradiction	A female camera operator is captured some off-camera actions .	A lady is painted a picture
contradiction	A woman camera operator is captured some off-camera measures .	A lady is paint a picture
contradiction	A males in a light brownish jacket , orange undershirt , blue jeans , and a negro satchel , who has many sticks of cotton candy .	A bare male is picking apples .
contradiction	A mens in a light brownish jacket , orange undershirt , blue jeans , and a negro sac , who has different sticks of cotton candy .	A hairless male is picking apples .
contradiction	A man in a light brownish jacket , orange undershirt , blue jeans , and a negro bags , who has diverse sticks of cotton candy .	A nude man is picking apples .
contradiction	A referee with a whistling in his mouth dots to the right and watches as a player with the basketball bends down with a protects player .	A male is running
contradiction	A umpire with a whistle in his mouth dot to the right and clocks as a player with the basketball bends down with a protective player .	A man is running
contradiction	A umpire with a whistling in his mouth points to the right and clocks as a player with the basketball bends down with a protective player .	A mens is running
contradiction	A referees with a whistle in his mouth points to the rights and watches as a player with the basketball bends down with a protected player .	A referee is punching a goat
contradiction	A referees with a whistling in his mouth dotted to the right and watches as a player with the basketball bends down with a protected player .	A referees is punching a goat
contradiction	A referees with a whistling in his mouth dots to the rights and watches as a player with the basketball bends down with a protection player .	A umpire is punching a goat
contradiction	Two negro guys , that are on competitor teams playing basketball .	Two women play basketball .
contradiction	Two black guys , that are on competitors teams play basketball .	Two woman playing basketball .
contradiction	Two negro guys , that are on competitors teams playing basketball .	Two woman play basketball .
contradiction	A dinghy in the distance on a lake as seen from another rowboat .	A motorboat goes over a waterfall .
contradiction	A motorboat in the distance on a lake as seen from another canoe .	A motorboat goes over a waterfall .
contradiction	A skiff in the distance on a lake as seen from another canoe .	A motorboat goes over a waterfall .
contradiction	A smaller boy is hugging a wooden post .	A boy gets his tongue stuck to a metal post .
contradiction	A youths boy is hugging a wooden post .	A boy gets his tongue stuck to a metals post .
contradiction	A underage boy is hugging a timber post .	A boy gets his tongue stuck to a metals post .
contradiction	4 minor and 1 adults look at an armadillo on a grassy hill with 2 trees .	There is a panels of people , waiting at the bus stop .
contradiction	4 miner and 1 adults look at an armadillo on a grassy hill with 2 tree .	There is a panel of people , wait at the bus halt .
contradiction	4 youthful and 1 grownup look at an armadillo on a grassy hill with 2 tree .	There is a panels of people , waiting at the bus stopping .
contradiction	A minors with a yellow shirt riding a yellow motorcycles in a town .	A juvenile eating a pizza on a bench by his bicycles .
contradiction	A adolescence with a yellow shirt riding a yellow bicycling in a town .	A kids eating a pizza on a bench by his motorbikes .
contradiction	A teen with a yellow shirt riding a yellow motorbikes in a town .	A juvenile eating a pizza on a bench by his bicycling .
contradiction	a little boy is riding a yellow bicycling across a town square .	The boy 's cycle is blue .
contradiction	a little boy is riding a yellow cycling across a city square .	The boy 's motorcycle is blue .
contradiction	a petite boy is riding a yellow bicycling across a town square .	The boy 's bike is blue .
contradiction	Two motor are being driven in a automobiles errand .	Two horses are pacing each other on a errand track .
contradiction	Two automobile are being driven in a motor races .	Two horses are pacing each other on a race track .
contradiction	Two vehicles are being driven in a vehicular errand .	Two horses are pacing each other on a race track .
contradiction	A underage woman gymnast , wearing a sequined royal blue and white outfit , is lift her rights leg straight up in the airline .	A dog is barking at the TV .
contradiction	A teens female gymnast , wearing a sequined royal blue and white outfit , is hoist her rights leg straight up in the air .	A dog is barking at the TV .
contradiction	A teenager female gymnast , wearing a sequined royal blue and white outfit , is lifted her rights leg straight up in the aeroplane .	A dog is bark at the TV .
contradiction	Bicycles are littering the routing as boy pull door .	An elders man opens a door while carrying his bike out to the clean street .
contradiction	Bicycles are littering the route as boy pull gate .	An archaic male opening a door while carry his motorcycles out to the clean street .
contradiction	Bicycles are littering the pathway as boy pull door .	An aging mens open a door while carry his cyclist out to the clean street .
contradiction	A youthful boy attempts to push the Walmart shopping cart for a man .	a boy pushing a autos up a hill .
contradiction	A youths boy attempts to push the Walmart shopping cart for a man .	a boy pushing a car up a hill .
contradiction	A underage boy attempts to push the Walmart shopping cart for a males .	a boy pushing a vehicle up a hill .
contradiction	A shirtless male with his fishing navigate .	A men is slept at home .
contradiction	A shirtless man with his fishing investigating .	A male is slumber at home .
contradiction	A shirtless man with his fishing ship .	A males is sleeping at home .
contradiction	A juvenile mens in a blue T-shirt and sweatpants stands over a stove and looks at the camera while another teens mens stands behind him .	two man are at the pool .
contradiction	A teenage man in a blue T-shirt and sweatpants stands over a stove and looks at the camera while another teenager man stands behind him .	two male are at the pool .
contradiction	A smaller man in a blue T-shirt and sweatpants stands over a stove and looks at the camera while another teenaged men stands behind him .	two mens are at the pool .
contradiction	A shirtless masculine with his fishing vessel .	The male does n't like his fishing investigating .
contradiction	A shirtless mens with his fishing explorer .	The men does n't like his fishing examining .
contradiction	A shirtless males with his fishing browsing .	The man does n't like his fishing examine .
contradiction	An engineers with a blue jacket and chap wears purple gloves while looking up .	The engineer was falling asleep .
contradiction	An engineers with a blue jacket and ceilings wears purple gloves while quest up .	The engineers was falling asleep .
contradiction	An engineers with a blue jacket and caps wears purple gloves while search up .	The engineer was falling asleep .
contradiction	Along a paved walkway outdoors , a persons in a negro windbreaker takes a photograph of a multi-piece fishes statue while a little white dog looks on .	A jury convicted the innocent mens because they thought it 'd be funny .
contradiction	Along a paved walkway outdoors , a individuals in a negro windbreaker takes a photographer of a multi-piece fishes statue while a petite white dog looks on .	A jury convicted the innocent mens because they thought it 'd be funny .
contradiction	Along a paved walkway outdoors , a individuals in a negro windbreaker takes a image of a multi-piece fish statue while a little white dog looks on .	A jury convicted the innocent man because they thought it 'd be funny .
contradiction	A curly-haired men is conversation or potentially debating with a blond-haired men in front of a table .	A masculine and a women are hugging in front of a restaurant .
contradiction	A curly-haired males is conversations or potentially debate with a blond-haired men in front of a table .	A masculine and a women are hugging in front of a restaurant .
contradiction	A curly-haired men is conversations or possibly debate with a blond-haired masculine in front of a table .	A men and a females are hugging in front of a restaurant .
contradiction	Three men in yellow green safety vests sit on a bench yawning , smoking and having a break .	People are play volleyball on the sand .
contradiction	Three male in yellow green safety vests sit on a bench yawning , smokers and having a break .	People are play volleyball on the sand .
contradiction	Three mens in yellow green safety vests sit on a bench yawning , smoker and having a break .	People are play volleyball on the sand .
contradiction	A father is teaching his son how to ride a cycle .	The fathers is teaching his girls how to ride a cyclist .
contradiction	A father is teaching his sons how to ride a bikes .	The father is teaching his daughters how to ride a motorcycles .
contradiction	A father is teaching his sons how to ride a motorcycles .	The father is teaching his daughters how to ride a motorbikes .
contradiction	Two man with graying beards share a laughing while enjoying the nice weather .	Two females with leg hair share a laughing while enjoying the nice weather .
contradiction	Two male with graying beards share a laughing while enjoying the nice weather .	Two women with leg hairstyle share a laughing while enjoying the nice weather .
contradiction	Two masculine with graying beards share a laughing while enjoying the nice weather .	Two woman with leg hair share a laugh while enjoying the nice weather .
contradiction	A female sitting in an office .	A females in a conference room
contradiction	A female sitting in an office .	A female in a conference room
contradiction	A female sitting in an office .	A females in a conference room
contradiction	A women sitting in an office .	A woman outside
contradiction	A female sitting in an office .	A woman outside
contradiction	A woman sitting in an office .	A female outside
contradiction	A bear-chested jungle native , with long hairstyle , wearing a cloth bottom clothing , is dangling in the aerial from a chute .	Nobody has hair
contradiction	A bear-chested jungle natives , with lengthy hair , wearing a cloth bottom sportswear , is dangling in the aeroplane from a chute .	Nobody has hair
contradiction	A bear-chested jungle native , with lengthy hairdo , wearing a cloth bottom garment , is dangling in the jets from a chute .	Nobody has hair
contradiction	Two grownup hold either side of a vessel at the edge of the water .	Two people are hiking .
contradiction	Two adults hold either side of a vessels at the edge of the water .	Two people are hiking .
contradiction	Two grownups hold either side of a browse at the edge of the water .	Two people are hiking .
contradiction	couples enjoying a meal , while a bunch of dogs take a nap .	THERE IS A COUPLE WALKING THEIR DOGS
contradiction	couples enjoying a meal , while a bunch of dogs take a nap .	THERE IS A COUPLE WALKING THEIR DOGS
contradiction	couples enjoying a meal , while a bunch of dogs take a nap .	THERE IS A COUPLE WALKING THEIR DOGS
contradiction	A teen with wet hair is holding a butterfly decorated beach ball .	The youngsters is dried .
contradiction	A child with wet hair is holding a butterfly decorated beach ball .	The kids is drier .
contradiction	A adolescents with wet hair is holding a butterflies decorated beach ball .	The teenager is dehydrated .
contradiction	Girl in black underclothes and an orange top jumping with one leg outstreached and feet pointed other in background attired the same .	No one is jumping .
contradiction	Girl in black breeches and an orange top jumping with one leg outstreached and footing pointed other in background dressed the identical .	No one is jumping .
contradiction	Girl in black breeches and an orange top jumping with one leg outstreached and footing pointed other in background dressed the identical .	No one is jumping .
contradiction	A daughters in a costume is performing a dance as other daughter in costumes watch .	Both girl are doing a dances .
contradiction	A girls in a costume is performing a dancing as other daughter in costumes watch .	Both girls are doing a dance .
contradiction	A daughter in a costume is performing a dancing as other daughters in costumes watch .	Both girl are doing a dancing .
contradiction	A white duck magnification its wings in the water .	The duck is a uncommon breed , most thought to have been driven into extinction olds ago .
contradiction	A white duck expand its wings in the water .	The duck is a rare breed , most thought to have been driven into extinction years ago .
contradiction	A white duck expand its wings in the water .	The duck is a uncommon breed , most thought to have been driven into extinction years ago .
contradiction	Women in a red hat and beige shoes standing with hands behind her back in front of a cemented wall .	Nobody has a hat
contradiction	Women in a red hat and beige shoes standing with hands behind her back in front of a cement wall .	Nobody has a hat
contradiction	Women in a red hat and beige shoes standing with hands behind her back in front of a cement wall .	Nobody has a hat
contradiction	A sign indicates `` Dangerous Shorebreak '' on an overcast day while several people hang out on the beach .	The beach is out of water .
contradiction	A sign indicates `` Dangerous Shorebreak '' on an overcast day while myriad people hang out on the beach .	The beach is out of water .
contradiction	A sign indicates `` Dangerous Shorebreak '' on an overcast day while numerous people hang out on the beach .	The beach is out of water .
contradiction	A five individuals Brass band is seated , semi-circularly , in a white alcove of a church that has stained glass windows .	The alcove is purple .
contradiction	A fifth individuals Brass bands is seated , semi-circularly , in a white alcove of a church that has stained glass windows .	The alcove is purple .
contradiction	A five person Brass band is seated , semi-circularly , in a white alcove of a church that has stained glass windows .	The alcove is purple .
contradiction	A five piece horn band all playing in a hall of what looks like a church .	The city laments at their lacking of musicians .
contradiction	A five piece horn bands all playing in a hall of what looks like a church .	The town laments at their lacks of musicians .
contradiction	A fifth piece horn bands all playing in a hall of what looks like a church .	The city laments at their lacks of musicians .
contradiction	Two dogs are play together .	Two pups are eating .
contradiction	Two dogs are playing together .	Two pups are eating .
contradiction	Two dogs are play together .	Two pups are eating .
contradiction	A middle-aged female with red-hair , a white shirt , and a silver beaded necklace is holding a yellow mobile against her ear while discussions .	The females had a blue notepad .
contradiction	A middle-aged women with red-hair , a white shirt , and a silver beaded pendant is holding a yellow cellular against her ear while conversation .	The female had a blue cellular .
contradiction	A middle-aged female with red-hair , a white shirt , and a silver beaded necklace is holding a yellow laptops against her ear while conversation .	The woman had a blue notebook .
contradiction	A males is holding a cigarette outdoors in front of a blue wall with a sink on it .	A woman smoke a bong .
contradiction	A men is holding a cigarette outdoors in front of a blue wall with a sink on it .	A woman tobacco a bong .
contradiction	A male is holding a cigarette outdoors in front of a blue wall with a sink on it .	A women smoking a pong .
contradiction	A white duck expanding its wings in the water .	The duck sleeps soundly , floating on top of the water
contradiction	A white duck enlarged its wings in the water .	The duck sleeps soundly , floating on top of the water
contradiction	A white duck enlarged its wings in the water .	The duck sleeps soundly , floating on top of the water
contradiction	A black and white photos of a town street with a food seller in the foreground .	The color has disappeared form the world .
contradiction	A black and white photograph of a city street with a food vendors in the foreground .	The colours has disappeared form the world .
contradiction	A black and white photography of a town street with a food dealer in the foreground .	The color has disappeared form the world .
contradiction	A man in a blue shirt and tan shorts has his foot in the steps of an exercises bike and is working on the controls grouping of the machine .	There is no man
contradiction	A man in a blue shirt and tan shorts has his feet in the steps of an exercise motorbikes and is working on the controls groups of the machine .	There is no man
contradiction	A masculine in a blue shirt and tan shorts has his foot in the steps of an exercises bicycles and is working on the control group of the machine .	There is no man
contradiction	A individuals sweeping stairs in a park .	A dog sung karaoke .
contradiction	A person sweeping stairs in a park .	A dog sing karaoke .
contradiction	A individuals sweeping stairs in a park .	A dog sings karaoke .
contradiction	A female wearing jeans is walking down the street .	An elders females with a cane is sitting on a chairs .
contradiction	A woman wearing jeans is walking down the street .	An antique females with a cane is sitting on a chair .
contradiction	A female wearing jeans is walking down the street .	An archaic woman with a cane is sitting on a chair .
contradiction	Three sailboats with white sails are seen on a riverbank .	The navigate are explorer on the ocean .
contradiction	Three sailboats with white sails are seen on a riverbank .	The examines are studying on the maritime .
contradiction	Three sailboats with white sails are seen on a riverbank .	The explores are investigates on the marina .
contradiction	Navy mens stand along a red rugs and salute as their bigger walks by .	Some males are waving hello and speaking to their highest .
contradiction	Navy men stand along a red rugs and salute as their bigger walks by .	Some mens are waving bye and speaking to their greatest .
contradiction	Navy mens stand along a red rugs and salute as their largest walks by .	Some mens are waving hi and speaking to their biggest .
contradiction	a baby getting a bath in the kitchen sink .	A female is coding egg .
contradiction	a baby getting a bath in the kitchen sink .	A female is code eggs .
contradiction	a baby getting a bath in the kitchen sink .	A females is scrambling eggs .
contradiction	A masculine in a suit stands on a walkway with is baggage with a mammoth display in front of him announce air flights .	A male is sitting on a beach in Mexico .
contradiction	A masculine in a suit stands on a walkway with is luggage with a immense display in front of him advertisement aviation flights .	A masculine is sitting on a beach in Mexico .
contradiction	A masculine in a suit stands on a walkway with is luggage with a enormous display in front of him announcements airliner flights .	A men is sitting on a beach in Mexico .
contradiction	Three people on ski are standing behind a no snowboarding sign .	Three people sitting by a fire .
contradiction	Three people on ski are standing behind a no skiing sign .	Three people sitting by a fire .
contradiction	Three people on skis are standing behind a no snowboard sign .	Three people sitting by a fire .
contradiction	A school aging adolescent wearing makeup and doing a hand sign sits on the ground among similar antique adolescents who are all making the same sign .	The youngsters are all holding up paper drawings .
contradiction	A school ancient child wearing makeup and doing a hand sign sits on the ground among similar antiquated teenaged who are all making the identical sign .	The teenage are all holding up paper drawings .
contradiction	A school antiquated child wearing makeup and doing a hand sign sits on the ground among similar old youths who are all making the same sign .	The miner are all holding up paper drawings .
contradiction	A young women stands by a barbeque .	The miner females is asleep in bed .
contradiction	A minor women stands by a barbeque .	The youth females is asleep in bed .
contradiction	A minors female stands by a barbeque .	The adolescents woman is asleep in bed .
contradiction	People on a pavement are trying to protect themselves from the rain with umbrellas and a journal .	The people are sitting on benches in the sunshine .
contradiction	People on a pavement are trying to protective themselves from the rain with umbrellas and a journals .	The people are sitting on benches in the sunlight .
contradiction	People on a sidewalk are trying to protective themselves from the rain with umbrellas and a journals .	The people are sitting on benches in the sunshine .
contradiction	A adolescence couple holding hands in the park .	Two people are ballroom dances .
contradiction	A adolescents couple holding hands in the park .	Two people are ballroom dancing .
contradiction	A children couple holding hands in the park .	Two people are ballroom dance .
contradiction	Construction worker standing atop an unfinished building .	The construction worker is dead .
contradiction	Construction worker standing atop an unfinished building .	The construction worker is dead .
contradiction	Construction worker standing atop an unfinished building .	The construction worker is dead .
contradiction	Child is laugh and playing around .	The minors is crying and hurt .
contradiction	Child is laugh and playing around .	The adolescence is crying and hurt .
contradiction	Child is laugh and playing around .	The kid is crying and hurt .
contradiction	A males grilling a hamburger .	The man is swimming at the bottom of the ocean .
contradiction	A males grilling a hamburger .	The man is swimming at the bottom of the navy .
contradiction	A male grilling a hamburger .	The male is swimming at the bottom of the marine .
contradiction	A middle-aged mens in a collard shirt is raising his forearms next to his face .	the men is asleep on the bridge
contradiction	A middle-aged male in a collard shirt is raising his forearms next to his face .	the male is asleep on the bridge
contradiction	A middle-aged males in a collard shirt is raising his forearms next to his face .	the men is asleep on the bridge
contradiction	A smaller male appears bored in a restaurant .	A teenaged females appears bored in a restaurant .
contradiction	A adolescent men appears bored in a restaurant .	A teenage woman appears bored in a restaurant .
contradiction	A juvenile mens appears bored in a restaurant .	A minor woman appears bored in a restaurant .
contradiction	A panel of people stand near and on a large negro square on the ground with some yellow write on it .	a persons lurks on the couch
contradiction	A group of people stand near and on a hefty black square on the ground with some yellow writing on it .	a person lying on the couch
contradiction	A groups of people stand near and on a immense negro square on the ground with some yellow write on it .	a person lurks on the couch
contradiction	a blond females kiss the cheek of a brown-haired masculine .	This women does not know the men she is pictured with .
contradiction	a blond woman kissing the cheek of a brown-haired men .	This woman does not know the male she is pictured with .
contradiction	a blond woman kiss the cheek of a brown-haired males .	This female does not know the males she is pictured with .
contradiction	Child in blue polos are sitting around a table write on their cellular , one is standing up .	Children building a sandcastle on the beach .
contradiction	Child in blue polos are sitting around a tables writing on their movable , one is standing up .	Children building a sandcastle on the beach .
contradiction	Child in blue polos are sitting around a tables write on their mobiles , one is standing up .	Children building a sandcastle on the beach .
contradiction	A men in a hat is drives a horse-driven cart down a cobblestone street .	A male on a bicycle .
contradiction	A man in a hat is drives a horse-driven cart down a cobblestone street .	A mens on a bicycling .
contradiction	A males in a hat is drive a horse-driven cart down a cobblestone street .	A male on a bikes .
contradiction	A woman in her swimwear is kicking a ball on the beach .	A women lounging on the beach .
contradiction	A women in her swimsuit is kicking a ball on the beach .	A women lounging on the beach .
contradiction	A women in her swimwear is kicking a ball on the beach .	A woman lounging on the beach .
contradiction	A persons is climbing a timber ladder on a very steep , jagged , rock cliff .	A persons is mountain climbing using nothing but his hands and the rocks .
contradiction	A person is climb a wooden ladder on a very steep , jagged , rock cliff .	A person is mountain climb using nothing but his hands and the rocks .
contradiction	A person is climb a lumber ladder on a very steep , jagged , rock cliff .	A persons is mountain climb using nothing but his hands and the rocks .
contradiction	A brown dog plays in a deep piling of snowy .	A brown dog is running down the routes hunted the mailman
contradiction	A brown dog plays in a deep pile of snow .	A brown dog is running down the pathway chase the mailman
contradiction	A brown dog plays in a deep pile of snowy .	A brown dog is running down the routes chases the mailman
contradiction	A white and black spotted dog is running through a grassy areas .	A dog is asleep on the couch .
contradiction	A white and black spotted dog is running through a grassy zone .	A dog is asleep on the couch .
contradiction	A white and black spotted dog is running through a grassy areas .	A dog is asleep on the couch .
contradiction	Two female drink coffee and chat while sitting on a blanket near a rocky shoreline .	The two women are walking down the shore drinking tea .
contradiction	Two female drink coffee and chat while sitting on a blanket near a rocky shore .	The two female are walking down the shoreline drinking tea .
contradiction	Two women drank coffee and chat while sitting on a blanket near a rocky shoreline .	The two woman are walking down the shore drinking tea .
contradiction	Young Asian daughter is sitting on the ground in rubble .	The child girls is walking among the tulips .
contradiction	Young Asian daughters is sitting on the ground in rubble .	The teenager daughter is walking among the tulips .
contradiction	Young Asian girl is sitting on the ground in rubble .	The underage girl is walking among the tulips .
contradiction	A daughters dressed in a Halloween costume is carrying purses of candy and a scythe with a jack-o-lantern on someones porch in the background .	The girls is wearing her school uniformed .
contradiction	A daughters clothed in a Halloween costume is carry knapsack of candy and a scythe with a jack-o-lantern on someones porch in the background .	The daughters is wearing her school standardized .
contradiction	A daughters clothed in a Halloween costume is carry wallets of candy and a scythe with a jack-o-lantern on someones porch in the background .	The girl is wearing her school uniforms .
contradiction	Team members 39 wait for the puck to come his way .	A mens is jog in the park .
contradiction	Team members 39 waiting for the puck to come his way .	A male is jogging in the park .
contradiction	Team member 39 waiting for the puck to come his way .	A male is jogging in the park .
contradiction	A men in a coat with a briefcase walks down a street next to the bus lanes .	A female in a coat with a briefcase walks down a street next to the bus lane .
contradiction	A man in a coat with a briefcase walks down a street next to the bus lane .	A woman in a coat with a briefcase walks down a street next to the bus lane .
contradiction	A men in a coat with a briefcase walks down a street next to the bus lane .	A female in a coat with a briefcase walks down a street next to the bus lane .
contradiction	A grouping of males and woman are sitting at a tables eating and drinking .	A panel of people playing monopoly .
contradiction	A panels of males and women are sitting at a tables eating and drinking .	A groups of people play monopoly .
contradiction	A group of men and women are sitting at a tables eating and drinking .	A panel of people playing monopoly .
contradiction	A female with a green headscarf , blue shirt and a very overwhelming grin .	The women has been shot .
contradiction	A females with a green headscarf , blue shirt and a very enormous grin .	The female has been shot .
contradiction	A woman with a green headscarf , blue shirt and a very hefty grin .	The females has been shot .
contradiction	A crowd is watching a grouping of masculine in suits with briefcases walk in formation down the street led by a woman holding a sign .	A panel of people dressed as clowns stroll into the Bigtop Circus holding signs .
contradiction	A crowd is watching a group of men in suits with briefcases walk in formation down the street led by a women holding a sign .	A panels of people clothed as clowns stroll into the Bigtop Circus holding signs .
contradiction	A crowd is watching a panel of males in suits with briefcases walk in formation down the street led by a women holding a sign .	A panels of people dressed as clowns stroll into the Bigtop Circus holding signs .
contradiction	Man in blue shirt yells and points off-camera while a men in a blue shirt and baseball ceilings watches .	The yell male is wearing a white shirt .
contradiction	Man in blue shirt yells and points off-camera while a male in a blue shirt and baseball chap clocks .	The scream male is wearing a white shirt .
contradiction	Man in blue shirt yells and points off-camera while a men in a blue shirt and baseball chaps clocks .	The shout males is wearing a white shirt .
contradiction	A man sitting on a statue outdoors , near a female standing next to him .	children play baseball at the park
contradiction	A male sitting on a statue outdoors , near a females standing next to him .	children play baseball at the park
contradiction	A masculine sitting on a statue outdoors , near a women standing next to him .	children playing baseball at the park
contradiction	A women poses for a photographer with a adolescents .	A female and adolescents climbing a tree .
contradiction	A woman poses for a image with a adolescent .	A female and teenagers climb a tree .
contradiction	A females poses for a image with a teens .	A females and juvenile climb a tree .
contradiction	A woman with a white blanket over her head is holding a baby wrapped in a blue , pink , and yellow blanket .	The blanket is black .
contradiction	A females with a white blanket over her head is holding a baby wrapped in a blue , pink , and yellow blanket .	The blanket is negro .
contradiction	A woman with a white blanket over her head is holding a baby wrapped in a blue , pink , and yellow blanket .	The blanket is negro .
contradiction	A miner boy swings a hula hoop while other teenagers sit on the floor with their hoops .	The boy is sitting down
contradiction	A youngsters boy swings a hula hoop while other juvenile sit on the floor with their hoops .	The boy is sitting down
contradiction	A juveniles boy swings a hula hoop while other miners sit on the floor with their hoops .	The boy is sitting down
contradiction	A children girls , is middle leap , while performing a dances ordinary .	A teen girl does n't jump while performing her normal .
contradiction	A child girl , is mid jump , while performing a dancing normal .	A kid girl does n't jump while performing her usual .
contradiction	A child girl , is media jump , while performing a dance routine .	A adolescent girl does n't jump while performing her routine .
contradiction	a child mens pouring tea inner of a glass jar .	A males is drinking moonshine .
contradiction	a minors man pouring tea inside of a glass jar .	A males is drinking moonshine .
contradiction	a kid male pouring tea inside of a glass jar .	A masculine is drinking moonlight .
contradiction	A girl climbing a string link fences .	The daughters falls from the fencing .
contradiction	A daughters climb a strings link fences .	The daughters falls from the fences .
contradiction	A girls climbing a strings link fences .	The girls falls from the fence .
contradiction	A mens and a females stand in front of a Christmas tree contemplating a lone thought .	Two people talk loudly in front of a cactus .
contradiction	A men and a women stand in front of a Christmas tree contemplating a hermit thought .	Two people talk aloud in front of a cacti .
contradiction	A males and a women stand in front of a Christmas tree contemplating a hermit thought .	Two people talk aloud in front of a cactus .
contradiction	A adolescent couple thinking approximately their Christmas medals .	The couple are decorating for Halloween .
contradiction	A teenaged couple thinking roughly their Christmas decorations .	The couple are decorating for Halloween .
contradiction	A adolescence couple thinking roughly their Christmas ornaments .	The couple are decorating for Halloween .
contradiction	The petite boy gets readies to kick the soccer ball .	the boy is sleep at home
contradiction	The little boy gets poised to kick the soccer ball .	the boy is sleep at home
contradiction	The small boy gets readies to kick the soccer ball .	the boy is sleeping at home
contradiction	An olympians leaps over an hurdle .	An senior woman sleeps in the kitchen .
contradiction	An olympic leaps over an hurdles .	An antiquated women sleeps in the kitchen .
contradiction	An olympic leaps over an impediment .	An antique female sleeps in the kitchen .
contradiction	A couple is sitting down smiling , with the female connect shotgun with the mens .	A couple is standing and frowning .
contradiction	A couple is sitting down smiling , with the females connecting weapon with the male .	A couple is standing and frowning .
contradiction	A couple is sitting down smiling , with the women connecting rifles with the men .	A couple is standing and frowning .
contradiction	A adolescent floating on a blue raft while a woman holds on to him while a negro dog swims nearby .	Nobody floats .
contradiction	A miner floating on a blue raft while a females holds on to him while a negro dog swims nearby .	Nobody floats .
contradiction	A teenage floating on a blue raft while a woman holds on to him while a negro dog swims vicinity .	Nobody floats .
contradiction	A males lying on the grass on a rugby field , holding a rugby ball .	A man lurks on a field holding a wrecking ball .
contradiction	A man lie on the grass on a rugby field , holding a rugby ball .	A males lies on a field holding a wrecking ball .
contradiction	A man lies on the grass on a rugby field , holding a rugby ball .	A male lying on a field holding a wrecking ball .
contradiction	A female is sitting in a chair , while a man is going through the athlete utility vehicle .	a dog eating a treat
contradiction	A female is sitting in a chair , while a male is going through the sportsmen utility vehicles .	a dog eating a treat
contradiction	A females is sitting in a chairs , while a man is going through the athletes utility motor .	a dog eating a treat
contradiction	a skier doing a ploy on pole while being pictures by another man	Skier beating up picture .
contradiction	a skier doing a trick on pole while being photographer by another man	Skier beating up photo .
contradiction	a skier doing a trick on poles while being photographs by another man	Skier beating up images .
contradiction	A mens and females sitting on the pavement .	The men and women are standing .
contradiction	A man and female sitting on the pavement .	The masculine and woman are standing .
contradiction	A man and female sitting on the sidewalk .	The masculine and females are standing .
contradiction	A females carries a small , unhappy youngsters in a busy street scene .	man walking a dog
contradiction	A woman carries a petite , unhappy youthful in a busy street scene .	man walking a dog
contradiction	A female carries a little , unhappy young in a busy street scene .	man walking a dog
contradiction	Multiple male filling the scene , one in a white button up shirt using his notebooks , the others wearing pink , orange , and green shirts engaged in many measurements in the background .	Most of the masculine are dressed in white shirts .
contradiction	Multiple males fills the scene , one in a white button up shirt using his portable , the others wearing pink , orange , and green shirts engaged in differing measuring in the background .	Most of the man are clothed in white shirts .
contradiction	Multiple male fulfills the scene , one in a white button up shirt using his notepad , the others wearing pink , orange , and green shirts engaged in myriad activity in the background .	Most of the man are attired in white shirts .
contradiction	A women in a bright pink and green skirt carries a vast wicker basket on her back up a stone-cobbled street .	The female is playing soccer in the cobble stone streets of Brazil .
contradiction	A females in a bright pink and green skirt carries a immense wicker basket on her back up a stone-cobbled street .	The female is playing soccer in the cobble stone streets of Brazil .
contradiction	A women in a bright pink and green skirt carries a big wicker basket on her back up a stone-cobbled street .	The woman is playing soccer in the cobble stone streets of Brazil .
contradiction	A immense dog and a miner dog fighting over a piece of fabric .	A panels of dogs fights over a dead agency .
contradiction	A large dog and a youths dog fighting over a piece of fabric .	A grouping of dogs struggling over a dead body .
contradiction	A massive dog and a juvenile dog fights over a piece of fabric .	A groups of dogs battle over a dead bodies .
contradiction	A young daughters with blond-hair eating a peach .	A adolescents girls does aerobics .
contradiction	A teenage daughter with blond-hair eating a peach .	A youth daughters does aerobics .
contradiction	A minor girl with blond-hair eating a peach .	A youths girls does aerobics .
contradiction	The men white purple and white polka-dotted shirts is eating and looking to his rights while the woman behind him has a confused look on her face .	A individuals is jumping out of a airways .
contradiction	The masculine white purple and white polka-dotted shirts is eating and looking to his right while the females behind him has a confused look on her face .	A person is jumping out of a airplanes .
contradiction	The male white purple and white polka-dotted shirts is eating and search to his rights while the woman behind him has a confused look on her face .	A person is jumping out of a planes .
contradiction	A dirty , shirtless homeless men sits on the pavement , holding his cup up to passerby asking for changed .	A businessman eats lunch in the cafe .
contradiction	A dirty , shirtless homeless male sits on the sidewalk , holding his cup up to passerby asking for amendment .	A businessman eats lunch in the cafe .
contradiction	A dirty , shirtless homeless males sits on the sidewalk , holding his cup up to passerby asking for altering .	A businessman eats lunch in the cafe .
contradiction	A person shovels the snow in the town as the snowy continues to fall .	The males is playing a guitar .
contradiction	A individuals shovels the snow in the town as the snow continues to fall .	The mens is play a guitar .
contradiction	A persons shovels the snowy in the city as the snowy continues to fall .	The mens is play a guitar .
contradiction	A man with white hair wearing a gray suit speaks into a mics with a metals jug sitting in front of him .	A males is riding in a spacecraft to the moon .
contradiction	A males with white hairstyle wearing a grey suit speaks into a mics with a metallic jug sitting in front of him .	A mens is riding in a spaceship to the moon .
contradiction	A masculine with white hairdo wearing a gray suit speaks into a microphone with a metal jug sitting in front of him .	A male is riding in a spacecraft to the moon .
contradiction	A woman within the foreground is header toward a massive white colored pillar that is apart of a mammoth building with people are loitering or wait on the steps of said building .	A dog is running up the steps of a building .
contradiction	A woman within the foreground is heading towards a huge white colored pillar that is apart of a immense building with people are loitering or waiting on the steps of said building .	A dog is running up the steps of a building .
contradiction	A woman within the foreground is header toward a hefty white colored pillar that is apart of a immense building with people are loitering or wait on the steps of said building .	A dog is running up the steps of a building .
contradiction	A males is holding on to a piece of rope , sitting in an inflatable navigate , in front of several other greatest navigate .	A males is underwater .
contradiction	A males is holding on to a piece of rope , sitting in an inflatable boats , in front of different other upper sailboat .	A males is underwater .
contradiction	A men is holding on to a piece of rope , sitting in an inflatable investigates , in front of assorted other upper survey .	A males is submarine .
contradiction	A groups of people are purchase fruits and vegetables from a stand located in a street marketplace .	The people are buys sportswear at a stall in the street market .
contradiction	A group of people are purchasing fruits and vegetables from a stand located in a street markets .	The people are buys clothing at a stall in the street market .
contradiction	A group of people are buying fruits and vegetables from a stand located in a street markets .	The people are buys clothing at a stall in the street markets .
contradiction	A small dog quest up to his loving owners .	Some people are shopping .
contradiction	A small dog searching up to his loving holders .	Some people are shopping .
contradiction	A small dog quest up to his loving owner .	Some people are shopping .
contradiction	A brown and white dog is chained up near a red chairs .	The dog is loose running around the yard .
contradiction	A brown and white dog is chained up near a red chair .	The dog is loose running around the yard .
contradiction	A brown and white dog is chained up near a red chair .	The dog is slack running around the yard .
contradiction	A females in a red shirt looks at a map while with a view of a river and assorted investigation in the background .	A daughter is purchasing a cup of coffee .
contradiction	A females in a red shirt looks at a map while with a view of a river and various explores in the background .	A girls is purchase a cup of coffee .
contradiction	A females in a red shirt looks at a map while with a view of a river and varying studied in the background .	A girl is purchases a cup of coffee .
contradiction	The African American masculine protesting against unlawful sexual .	The males sung and dances in the park .
contradiction	The African American man demonstrations against unlawful sexual .	The masculine singing and dancing in the park .
contradiction	The African American masculine protest against unlawful sex .	The males sing and dancing in the park .
contradiction	One minor women in a blue uniforms help another adolescents women in a blue sweatshirt with a white band around her arm .	Nobody is wearing a uniform
contradiction	One minors females in a blue standardized assistance another minor female in a blue sweatshirt with a white band around her arm .	Nobody is wearing a uniform
contradiction	One adolescence females in a blue uniform aids another young female in a blue sweatshirt with a white band around her arm .	Nobody is wearing a uniform
contradiction	The two children girl are attired as fairies , and are play in the leaves outdoors .	Two girls play frock up indoors .
contradiction	The two kids girl are attired as fairies , and are play in the leaves outdoors .	Two daughters playing attire up indoors .
contradiction	The two miners daughters are dressed as fairies , and are play in the leaves outdoors .	Two daughters playing attire up indoors .
contradiction	A woman in a black jacket and a negro and white striped skirt is watching a female talking to a little boy sitting on concrete steps .	A fathers looks at his wife and sons .
contradiction	A females in a black jacket and a black and white striped skirt is watching a females talking to a little boy sitting on concrete steps .	A fathers looks at his wife and son .
contradiction	A woman in a negro jacket and a black and white striped skirt is watching a women talking to a little boy sitting on concrete steps .	A fathers looks at his wife and sons .
contradiction	Two dogs either battle or playing together .	The dogs are asleep on the sofa .
contradiction	Two dogs either fights or play together .	The dogs are asleep on the sofa .
contradiction	Two dogs either struggling or playing together .	The dogs are asleep on the sofa .
contradiction	A groups of teenage boys wearing track blazers stretch their legs on a gym floor as they sit in a circle .	A panels of boys are sailing for a testing .
contradiction	A panels of smaller boys wearing track blazers stretch their legs on a gym floor as they sit in a circle .	A grouping of boys are battleship for a testing .
contradiction	A panels of underage boys wearing track blazers stretch their legs on a gym floor as they sit in a circle .	A group of boys are examine for a test .
contradiction	A group of teenager bands member wearing negro perform on instruments including the saxophone and the trombone .	A panel of athletes
contradiction	A group of juvenile band members wearing negro perform on instruments including the saxophone and the trombone .	A panels of athletes
contradiction	A group of kid bands members wearing negro perform on instruments including the saxophone and the trombone .	A grouping of athletes
contradiction	A women in a gray sweatshirt is sitting on the floor with her little dog that is wrapped in a blanket .	The females is swim in the navy .
contradiction	A woman in a grey sweatshirt is sitting on the floor with her petite dog that is wrapped in a blanket .	The women is swim in the navy .
contradiction	A female in a gray sweatshirt is sitting on the floor with her little dog that is wrapped in a blanket .	The female is swim in the oceans .
contradiction	Two masculine sitting in a living rooms , one wearing cultural clothes and another in a white shirt and shorts , contemplating on their bicycling and motorcycles .	Two man in blue suits are sells bikes and moped .
contradiction	Two mens sitting in a living rooms , one wearing cultural clothing and another in a white shirt and shorts , contemplating on their motorcycles and bicycle .	Two mens in blue suits are sells bikes and bikes .
contradiction	Two masculine sitting in a living rooms , one wearing cultural clothing and another in a white shirt and shorts , contemplating on their moped and moped .	Two men in blue suits are sold bicycle and bikes .
contradiction	Three mens sitting in a rooms searches at their one motorbike and one pedal motorbikes .	Three women ride motorcycle through the park .
contradiction	Three mens sitting in a room searches at their one mopeds and one pedal moped .	Three females ride biking through the park .
contradiction	Three male sitting in a room quest at their one bicycling and one pedal motorbikes .	Three woman ride moped through the park .
contradiction	The men in the crewmen suit is holding literature .	A chef is cook stew .
contradiction	The men in the sailors suit is holding literature .	A chef is cook stew .
contradiction	The males in the crewman suit is holding literature .	A chef is cooking stew .
contradiction	A man in a jean jacket is reaching into a rucksack and walking past two female .	boy clocks movie at home
contradiction	A male in a jean jacket is reaching into a satchel and walking past two females .	boy clocks film at home
contradiction	A mens in a jean jacket is reaching into a sac and walking past two women .	boy clocks movies at home
contradiction	Man and female eating a hotdog .	A man and his families are eating pizza .
contradiction	Man and female eating a hotdog .	A males and his families are eating pizza .
contradiction	Man and women eating a hotdog .	A men and his families are eating pizza .
contradiction	A masculine balances a unicycle using his face and both hands .	A male is sleeping on the floor .
contradiction	A males balances a unicycle using his face and both hands .	A masculine is sleeping on the floor .
contradiction	A masculine balance a unicycle using his face and both hands .	A male is slumber on the floor .
contradiction	A masculine holding a pink cooler is conversation to an old women .	A female beverages from a mason jar .
contradiction	A mens holding a pink cooler is conversations to an senior females .	A females drinks from a mason jar .
contradiction	A men holding a pink cooler is conversation to an outdated women .	A female drinks from a mason jar .
contradiction	Group of people standing on a snow covered ground , some are holding brooms , there is a dog with the panels .	Group of people at the beach enjoying a hot sunny day .
contradiction	Group of people standing on a snow covered ground , some are holding brooms , there is a dog with the panels .	Group of people at the beach enjoying a hot sunny day .
contradiction	Group of people standing on a snow cover ground , some are holding brooms , there is a dog with the grouping .	Group of people at the beach enjoying a hot sunny day .
contradiction	A youngsters bored in a train with brown hairdo and his head lies down .	A adolescent runs and shrieking violently in around the train .
contradiction	A underage bored in a train with brown hair and his head lies down .	A children runs and yell violently in around the train .
contradiction	A young bored in a train with brown hairdo and his head lies down .	A young runs and screams violently in around the train .
contradiction	A persons sitting on a rock beside a waterfall .	The individuals is going for a run
contradiction	A person sitting on a rock beside a waterfall .	The person is going for a run
contradiction	A individuals sitting on a rock beside a waterfall .	The individuals is going for a run
contradiction	A women finishes a marathon racing .	The women is not going to finish the race .
contradiction	A females completes a marathon racing .	The female is not going to completes the races .
contradiction	A females completes a marathon racing .	The woman is not going to complete the races .
contradiction	Two mens shining peoples footwear .	Two mens tussle over frosting cream .
contradiction	Two man shining peoples footwear .	Two male struggle over icing cream .
contradiction	Two men shining peoples footwear .	Two mens battle over ice cream .
contradiction	A mens explores a bicycles during a yard sale .	A female browsing a bike
contradiction	A masculine survey a mopeds during a yard sold .	A woman examined a bike
contradiction	A men inquires a mopeds during a yard sale .	A woman navigate a bike
contradiction	A adolescence men is standing near his bicycle exterior a shop called , `` Sara 's Old Fashioned Ice Cream . ''	The mens is ancient .
contradiction	A teenager males is standing near his bicycling exterior a shop called , `` Sara 's Old Fashioned Ice Cream . ''	The males is archaic .
contradiction	A kid men is standing near his motorbikes exterior a shop called , `` Sara 's Old Fashioned Ice Cream . ''	The man is age .
contradiction	A males in a grey shirt and blue shorts is standing exterior of an senior fashioned icing cream shop named Sara 's Old Fashioned Ice Cream , holding his motorcycle up , with a lumber like tables , chair , benches in front of him .	A masculine is running on foot
contradiction	A men in a grey shirt and blue shorts is standing outboard of an archaic fashioned frosting cream shop named Sara 's Old Fashioned Ice Cream , holding his motorbikes up , with a wood like table , chair , benches in front of him .	A mens is running on foot
contradiction	A men in a gray shirt and blue shorts is standing outside of an antiquated fashioned frosting cream shop named Sara 's Old Fashioned Ice Cream , holding his bicycles up , with a woods like tables , chairs , benches in front of him .	A male is running on foot
contradiction	Two man work outer polishing shoe .	Some man are watching TV together .
contradiction	Two man work outside buffing shoes .	Some male are watching TV together .
contradiction	Two male work outdoor polishing footwear .	Some men are watching TV together .
contradiction	A daughter making a snowy angels , wearing a black hat and glasses .	A daughter is at the beach .
contradiction	A girl making a snowy angel , wearing a negro hat and glasses .	A daughters is at the beach .
contradiction	A daughters making a snowy angels , wearing a black hat and glasses .	A girls is at the beach .
contradiction	An elder couple in hefty coats are search at black and white picture displayed on a wall .	Sandwiches nailed to the wall were generally mistaken as photographer by the visiting tourists .
contradiction	An old couple in mammoth coats are quest at negro and white photographer displayed on a wall .	Sandwiches nailed to the wall were generally mistaken as photographer by the visiting tourists .
contradiction	An elder couple in hefty coats are quest at negro and white picture displayed on a wall .	Sandwiches nailed to the wall were typically mistaken as photographing by the visiting tourists .
contradiction	A shirtless males rock climbs .	A women is climbing stairs
contradiction	A shirtless male rock climbs .	A woman is climbing stairs
contradiction	A shirtless masculine rock climbs .	A women is climbing stairs
contradiction	A skateboarder sails over white steps .	The dog jumped over the steps .
contradiction	A skateboarder sails over white steps .	The dog jumped over the steps .
contradiction	A skateboarder sails over white steps .	The dog jumped over the steps .
contradiction	Two mens in stiff hats look at a building while on the side of a street .	2 man humans are sleeping .
contradiction	Two mens in harsh hats look at a building while on the side of a street .	2 mens humans are slumber .
contradiction	Two male in difficult hats look at a building while on the side of a street .	2 man humans are sleeping .
contradiction	An aisle at Best Buy with an employee standing at the computers and a Geek Squad sign in the background .	The staffs is swimming in the nautical .
contradiction	An aisle at Best Buy with an staffs standing at the computer and a Geek Squad sign in the background .	The employee is swim in the marines .
contradiction	An aisle at Best Buy with an staffs standing at the computers and a Geek Squad sign in the background .	The personnel is swimming in the navy .
contradiction	A males looks back while laugh and walking .	A man is falling down on the ground .
contradiction	A men looks back while laughing and walking .	A man is falling down on the ground .
contradiction	A man looks back while laughing and walking .	A masculine is falling down on the ground .
contradiction	A happy woman quite stands in front of a corporate that displays a closed sign and looks very animated .	A woman sing to herself .
contradiction	A happy women quite stands in front of a company that displays a closed sign and looks very animated .	A woman sings to herself .
contradiction	A happy females quite stands in front of a company that displays a closed sign and looks very animated .	A females sung to herself .
contradiction	A woman in a garb is sung and having a good schedules .	A woman is having a bad timing sung .
contradiction	A women in a garb is singing and having a good hourly .	A female is having a bad schedule sung .
contradiction	A females in a frock is sings and having a good deadline .	A females is having a bad times singing .
contradiction	A dog is walking down steps .	A dog is laying on the couch .
contradiction	A dog is walking down steps .	A dog is laying on the couch .
contradiction	A dog is walking down steps .	A dog is laying on the couch .
contradiction	Women sitting at steel table next to a male standing and holding his bicep .	the males accidentally knocked the women out
contradiction	Women sitting at steel table next to a masculine standing and holding his bicep .	the male accidentally knocked the female out
contradiction	Women sitting at steel tables next to a mens standing and holding his bicep .	the males accidently knocked the females out
contradiction	A men talks to two guards as he holds a drink .	The males is dive dives .
contradiction	A masculine talks to two guard as he holds a drink .	The man is diving dives .
contradiction	A man talks to two guarding as he holds a drink .	The masculine is diving dive .
contradiction	A blue light rail streetcar goes down a busy street while pedestrians wait to crossing .	A blue tram goes down an empty street with no one around .
contradiction	A blue light rail trams goes down a busy street while pedestrians wait to crossed .	A blue trams goes down an hollow street with no one around .
contradiction	A blue light rail tram goes down a busy street while pedestrians wait to crossed .	A blue tram goes down an empty street with no one around .
contradiction	A woman and a baby are watching a boy play .	the women is asleep at home
contradiction	A females and a baby are watching a boy play .	the female is asleep at home
contradiction	A females and a baby are watching a boy play .	the female is asleep at home
contradiction	A carpentry is working on a roof at a housing being built .	A boy is jumping up and down .
contradiction	A woodwork is working on a roof at a house being built .	A boy is jumping up and down .
contradiction	A carpentry is working on a roof at a houses being built .	A boy is jumping up and down .
contradiction	A young females wearing a yellow shirt and off-white shorts is reading a book while sitting on a park bench .	A man reading a book while sitting on a bench .
contradiction	A adolescence female wearing a yellow shirt and off-white shorts is reading a book while sitting on a park bench .	A males reading a book while sitting on a bench .
contradiction	A juveniles females wearing a yellow shirt and off-white shorts is reading a book while sitting on a park bench .	A mens reading a book while sitting on a bench .
contradiction	It looks like the clown has fallen off the horse .	The cowboy rode the bull to the buzzer .
contradiction	It looks like the clown has fallen off the equestrian .	The cowboy rode the bull to the buzzer .
contradiction	It looks like the clown has fallen off the horse .	The cowboy rode the bull to the buzzer .
contradiction	A man in a corporation suit shout at the camera .	A women is screaming at a camera .
contradiction	A males in a companies suit shrieking at the camera .	A women is screams at a camera .
contradiction	A man in a business suit screams at the camera .	A women is screams at a camera .
contradiction	A grouping of Chinese people sitting and laying down together on what appears to be a front porch .	A panel of African American people are eating dinner at KFC .
contradiction	A groups of Chinese people sitting and laying down together on what appears to be a front porch .	A panels of African American people are eating dinner at KFC .
contradiction	A grouping of Chinese people sitting and laying down together on what appears to be a front porch .	A panels of African American people are eating dinner at KFC .
contradiction	A kid making a sand castle on the beach .	A smaller doing homework .
contradiction	A underage making a sand castle on the beach .	A teens doing homework .
contradiction	A teenaged making a sand castle on the beach .	A teenager doing homework .
contradiction	Two filth bikers - one in negro and red , sports number 64 , the other in blue and white displaying a red `` 21 '' - round the corner of a tree-lined track .	One man pushes the other males down the hill on the sled as bystanders laugh .
contradiction	Two dirt bikers - one in negro and red , athletic number 64 , the other in blue and white displaying a red `` 21 '' - round the cornering of a tree-lined track .	One men pushes the other men down the hill on the sled as bystanders laughing .
contradiction	Two filth bikers - one in negro and red , sport number 64 , the other in blue and white displaying a red `` 21 '' - round the cornering of a tree-lined track .	One males pushes the other males down the hill on the sled as bystanders laugh .
contradiction	A mens wearing a white shirt and negro slacks is falling down onto a bed in front of a window facing the marine .	A women falls into a bed
contradiction	A man wearing a white shirt and negro underclothes is falling down onto a bed in front of a window facing the maritime .	A woman falls into a bed
contradiction	A males wearing a white shirt and black panties is falling down onto a bed in front of a window facing the navy .	A female falls into a bed
contradiction	A panel of seven person wearing whitewater gear , white water raft down a river .	The males has fallen out of the investigation .
contradiction	A panel of seven persons wearing whitewater gear , white water raft down a river .	The male has fallen out of the navigation .
contradiction	A groups of seven persons wearing whitewater gear , white water raft down a river .	The man has fallen out of the survey .
contradiction	Two daughter -LRB- one attired in blue , and one dressed in pink -RRB- are errand one another on rollerskates .	The daughter are errand on jetskis .
contradiction	Two girl -LRB- one clothed in blue , and one clothed in pink -RRB- are racing one another on rollerskates .	The daughter are errand on jetskis .
contradiction	Two daughter -LRB- one dressed in blue , and one clothed in pink -RRB- are races one another on rollerskates .	The daughter are racing on jetskis .
contradiction	A youthful woman wearing jeans and a gray sweater walks across an empty street .	A child females is standing on her hands .
contradiction	A juvenile females wearing jeans and a grey jumper walks across an empty street .	A young women is standing on her hands .
contradiction	A minors female wearing jeans and a gray jumper walks across an hollow street .	A teenage woman is standing on her hands .
contradiction	A male with a large mustache clocks the barber conduct his work through the mirrors that confront him .	The two males are play a games of football .
contradiction	A man with a mammoth mustache watches the barber conduct his work through the mirrored that confronts him .	The two masculine are playing a games of football .
contradiction	A man with a gigantic mustache watches the barber conduct his work through the mirrored that faces him .	The two male are play a game of football .
contradiction	Woman wearing green undergarments , blue jacket and sunhat carrying food in baskets that are hung over her shoulder .	They struggles over the food they bought
contradiction	Woman wearing green undergarments , blue jacket and sunhat carrying food in baskets that are hung over her shoulder .	They fights over the food they bought
contradiction	Woman wearing green trousers , blue jacket and sunhat carry food in baskets that are hung over her shoulder .	They fighting over the food they bought
contradiction	Two people wearing green raincoats sit in blue bleachers that are otherwise hollow .	Three masculine fall a sleeping on green bleachers .
contradiction	Two people wearing green raincoats sit in blue bleachers that are otherwise hollow .	Three man fall a sleep on green bleachers .
contradiction	Two people wearing green raincoats sit in blue bleachers that are otherwise hollow .	Three men fall a slept on green bleachers .
contradiction	A pathway crew is working on a routing with equipment around them .	A grouping of man are sitting around a conference table .
contradiction	A road crew is working on a routing with equipment around them .	A grouping of men are sitting around a conference table .
contradiction	A road crew is working on a route with equipment around them .	A grouping of male are sitting around a conference table .
contradiction	A younger couple is walking across a crosswalk outdoor with a very busy bus halting behind them .	There are people inland of a store .
contradiction	A cadet couple is walking across a crosswalk exterior with a very busy bus halting behind them .	There are people inland of a store .
contradiction	A younger couple is walking across a crosswalk outdoor with a very busy bus stop behind them .	There are people inside of a store .
contradiction	Two men in negro jerseys behind a white handrail .	Two females are wearing red
contradiction	Two mens in negro jackets behind a white handrail .	Two woman are wearing red
contradiction	Two men in negro jackets behind a white handrail .	Two females are wearing red
contradiction	an elderly woman walking down the street .	An ancient females is enjoying coffee at home .
contradiction	an seniors female walking down the street .	An archaic women is enjoying coffee at home .
contradiction	an archaic woman walking down the street .	An age female is enjoying coffee at home .
contradiction	An senior woman walking down the street .	A youths female walking down the street .
contradiction	An ancient woman walking down the street .	A juvenile female walking down the street .
contradiction	An antique women walking down the street .	A adolescents woman walking down the street .
contradiction	A males holding a sign of a rainbow elephant .	The donkey sign is smeared with paint .
contradiction	A mens holding a sign of a rainbow elephant .	The donkey sign is smeared with paint .
contradiction	A man holding a sign of a rainbow elephant .	The donkey sign is smeared with paintings .
contradiction	A man play fetch with two brown dogs .	The dogs are asleep .
contradiction	A male playing fetch with two brown dogs .	The dogs are asleep .
contradiction	A man playing fetch with two brown dogs .	The dogs are asleep .
contradiction	A masculine attired all in black puts his hands on an art sculpture .	The male is robbing a bank
contradiction	A masculine dressed all in negro puts his hands on an art sculpture .	The masculine is robbing a bank
contradiction	A man clothed all in black puts his hands on an art sculpture .	The man is robbing a bank
contradiction	This teenaged is getting a pedicure .	Child getting a manicure .
contradiction	This child is getting a pedicure .	Child getting a manicure .
contradiction	This teenage is getting a pedicure .	Child getting a manicure .
contradiction	Two little boys wearing sport jackets are wash their hands in a public bathrooms .	The boys are bare-chested .
contradiction	Two small boys wearing athlete jerseys are wash their hands in a public bathhouse .	The boys are bare-chested .
contradiction	Two little boys wearing sportsmen jackets are washes their hands in a public bathroom .	The boys are bare-chested .
contradiction	A black-haired females with her hair in a high bun is having her head shaved by another female .	Everybody is bald
contradiction	A black-haired woman with her hairdo in a high bun is having her head shaved by another females .	Everybody is bald
contradiction	A black-haired woman with her hairdo in a high bun is having her head shaved by another female .	Everybody is bald
contradiction	Instructor on Basket weaving at fair	A basket weaver sitting at home .
contradiction	Instructor on Basket weaving at fair	A basket weaver sitting at home .
contradiction	Instructor on Basket weaving at fair	A basket weaver sitting at home .
contradiction	Two males , one in a blue shirt and one in a green shirt analyzes a piece of paper in the media of a workshop areas .	The guys are having a party at the park .
contradiction	Two men , one in a blue shirt and one in a green shirt analyzes a piece of paper in the medium of a workshop zone .	The guys are having a parties at the park .
contradiction	Two males , one in a blue shirt and one in a green shirt analyse a piece of paper in the medium of a workshop zone .	The guys are having a parties at the park .
contradiction	A person with braided hairstyle and a gray sweatshirt covers his mouth and sits in a purple chair .	A bald men sits in a red chair .
contradiction	A person with braided hair and a gray sweatshirt covers his mouth and sits in a purple chairs .	A bald men sits in a red chair .
contradiction	A person with braided hairstyle and a gray sweatshirt covers his mouth and sits in a purple chair .	A bald male sits in a red chairs .
contradiction	A wall hung with multicolored crosses is visible behind the grouping of teen male as they opposite .	Young women are walking
contradiction	A wall hung with multicolored crosses is visible behind the panel of adolescence mens as they opposite .	Young women are walking
contradiction	A wall hung with multicolored crosses is visible behind the group of teens man as they converse .	Young female are walking
contradiction	A little daughter is swinging .	a schnauzer barks at a girl
contradiction	A little daughters is swinging .	a doberman barks at a girl
contradiction	A petite daughter is swinging .	a doberman barks at a girl
contradiction	A group of male play rugby on the sand .	A panels of female playing volleyball in a courts .
contradiction	A panel of men playing rugby on the sand .	A group of woman play volleyball in a court .
contradiction	A panels of male play rugby on the sand .	A groups of woman play volleyball in a courts .
contradiction	Beautiful girls in white attire steps into the sunlight .	It is late at nightly .
contradiction	Beautiful girls in white dress steps into the sunlight .	It is late at nightly .
contradiction	Beautiful daughters in white dress steps into the sunlight .	It is late at overnight .
contradiction	A bundle up toddler is walking over snowy .	A toddler walking in sand .
contradiction	A bundle up toddler is walking over snow .	A toddler walking in sand .
contradiction	A bundled up toddler is walking over snowy .	A toddler walking in sand .
contradiction	Two petite boys in blue soccer uniforms use a wood set of steps to washes their hands in an adult-sized restroom .	The boys are in bands uniforms
contradiction	Two small boys in blue soccer uniform use a timber set of steps to wash their hands in an adult-sized bathhouse .	The boys are in band uniforms
contradiction	Two little boys in blue soccer uniform use a woods set of steps to washes their hands in an adult-sized bathtub .	The boys are in band uniforms
contradiction	A robed dancer holding fire stick entertains a crowd .	A men in panties and a t-shirt doing fire tricks .
contradiction	A robed dancer holding fire stick entertains a crowd .	A man in underpants and a t-shirt doing fire tricks .
contradiction	A robed dancer holding fire stick entertains a crowd .	A mens in breeches and a t-shirt doing fire tricks .
contradiction	A topless males straps surfboards on top of his blue vehicle .	A man is sitting on the couch .
contradiction	A topless male straps surfboards on top of his blue vehicular .	A man is sitting on the couch .
contradiction	A topless men straps surfboards on top of his blue vehicles .	A mens is sitting on the couch .
contradiction	A female is using a small scissors on a overwhelming net .	A woman is using recorded on a hefty net .
contradiction	A female is using a little scissors on a large netted .	A woman is using recording on a heavy net .
contradiction	A females is using a little scissors on a monumental net .	A woman is using log on a gigantic net .
contradiction	Two masculine heavily immersed in a talking worth having .	The mens are sitting in mute .
contradiction	Two masculine heavily immersed in a talking worth having .	The male are sitting in muted .
contradiction	Two masculine heavily immersed in a conversations worth having .	The mens are sitting in muted .
contradiction	A teenager bowling at the billiard alley .	A professional bowling team winning the championship .
contradiction	A juveniles billiard at the snooker alley .	A professionals billiard team win the championship .
contradiction	A smaller billiard at the snooker alleyway .	A professionals snooker team wins the championship .
contradiction	A groups of people celebrating in the street .	People got shot by a sniper and dide
contradiction	A groups of people celebrating in the street .	People got shot by a sniper and dide
contradiction	A panels of people celebrating in the street .	People got shot by a sniper and dide
contradiction	Three teenage males in a kitchen standing around a stove , one of them is stirring something in a pot .	Three guys are in a swim pool .
contradiction	Three miner man in a kitchen standing around a stove , one of them is stirring something in a pot .	Three guys are in a swim pool .
contradiction	Three underage men in a kitchen standing around a stove , one of them is stirring something in a pot .	Three guys are in a swim pool .
contradiction	Two females wearing red are smiling at the camera .	With their backs turned to the camera were two female wearing blue dresses
contradiction	Two women wearing red are smiling at the camera .	With their backs turned to the camera were two woman wearing blue dresses
contradiction	Two woman wearing red are smiling at the camera .	With their backs turned to the camera were two woman wearing blue dresses
contradiction	A hairless male rides a cycle .	A male in a suit walking on a pavement .
contradiction	A nude man rides a cycle .	A males in a suit walking on a sidewalk .
contradiction	A naked males rides a motorbike .	A man in a suit walking on a pavement .
contradiction	A mens and female look through CD 's at a street sellers .	A masculine and females laying down in bed
contradiction	A man and females look through CD 's at a street traders .	A masculine and woman laying down in bed
contradiction	A mens and women look through CD 's at a street shopkeeper .	A man and woman laying down in bed
contradiction	Six people are riding camels and being led in a straight line across a gently rising sandy tilted with mountains in the background , by a males walking and holding the tether of the lead camel .	Many people are lying in the sun at the park .
contradiction	Six people are riding camel and being led in a straight line across a gently rising sandy slanted with mountains in the background , by a male walking and holding the tether of the lead camel .	Many people are lurks in the sun at the park .
contradiction	Six people are riding camels and being led in a straight line across a gently rising sandy angled with mountains in the background , by a male walking and holding the tether of the lead camels .	Many people are lies in the sun at the park .
contradiction	A little daughters in a colorful shirt holding a flowering .	The girl is holding a dead animal
contradiction	A little daughters in a colorful shirt holding a flowering .	The girl is holding a dead animal
contradiction	A petite daughters in a colorful shirt holding a flowering .	The daughter is holding a dead animal
contradiction	This persons is walking down the street and conversations on their cellular on a windy day .	The person is suddenly picked up by a strong gust of wind and slammed into the side of a building .
contradiction	This individuals is walking down the street and conversation on their portable on a windy day .	The individuals is suddenly picked up by a strong gust of wind and slammed into the side of a building .
contradiction	This individuals is walking down the street and conversations on their movable on a windy day .	The persons is suddenly picked up by a strong gust of wind and slammed into the side of a building .
contradiction	Three people are posing on the side of a mountain .	The dogs are posing at the mountain .
contradiction	Three people are posing on the side of a mountain .	The dogs are posing at the mountain .
contradiction	Three people are posing on the side of a mountain .	The dogs are posing at the mountain .
contradiction	Young daughter in an bathing suit falling off the end of a slide into a pool .	A dog sits quietly by the dinner tables , eyeing the plaques of food .
contradiction	Young daughters in an bathing suit falling off the ends of a slide into a pool .	A dog sits quietly by the dinner tables , eyeing the plates of food .
contradiction	Young daughters in an bathing suit falling off the ends of a slide into a pool .	A dog sits quietly by the dinner tables , eyeing the plates of food .
contradiction	Naked teenage playing on the muddy riverbank .	THE RIVERBANK STAYED CLEAN EVERYDAY
contradiction	Naked youths play on the muddy riverbank .	THE RIVERBANK STAYED CLEAN EVERYDAY
contradiction	Naked youthful playing on the muddy riverbank .	THE RIVERBANK STAYED CLEAN EVERYDAY
contradiction	A female swimmer wearing a pink costume comes out of the water in a pool , making a splash .	A women is laying on the beach .
contradiction	A woman swimmer wearing a pink costume comes out of the water in a pool , making a splash .	A women is laying on the beach .
contradiction	A woman swimmer wearing a pink costume comes out of the water in a pool , making a splash .	A female is laying on the beach .
contradiction	Two men wearing dirty sportswear are sitting on a sidewalk with their dog and begging for money using a cardboard sign .	These two illiterate masculine convinced their dog to writing a panhandling sign for them .
contradiction	Two man wearing dirty apparel are sitting on a pavement with their dog and begging for finances using a cardboard sign .	These two illiterate mens convinced their dog to writing a panhandling sign for them .
contradiction	Two masculine wearing dirty clothing are sitting on a pavement with their dog and begging for funding using a cardboard sign .	These two illiterate masculine convinced their dog to write a panhandling sign for them .
contradiction	A silhouette of a man fishing .	A masculine is slumber .
contradiction	A silhouette of a masculine fishing .	A males is sleep .
contradiction	A silhouette of a men fishing .	A man is sleep .
contradiction	A men hammering nails on a shed .	The shed is made of t-shirts .
contradiction	A masculine hammering nails on a shed .	The shed is made of t-shirts .
contradiction	A man hammering nails on a shed .	The shed is made of t-shirts .
contradiction	A persons enjoys a beautiful sunny day paragliding .	The persons is swimming .
contradiction	A person enjoys a beautiful sunny day paragliding .	The individuals is swim .
contradiction	A person enjoys a beautiful sunny day paragliding .	The individuals is swim .
contradiction	A person enjoys a beautiful sunny day paragliding .	The persons is dead .
contradiction	A persons enjoys a beautiful sunny day paragliding .	The persons is dead .
contradiction	A individuals enjoys a beautiful sunny day paragliding .	The individuals is dead .
contradiction	Asian class posing for photos with Stormtrooper	The storm strooper is attacking the teenager .
contradiction	Asian class posing for photographic with Stormtrooper	The storm strooper is attacking the kids .
contradiction	Asian class posing for photography with Stormtrooper	The storm strooper is attacking the juveniles .
contradiction	A policeman officers standing next his policing bicycling holding a yellow safety jacket .	A mens driving a vehicle .
contradiction	A cops officers standing next his policemen bikes holding a yellow safety jacket .	A men drives a motors .
contradiction	A policemen officer standing next his police bike holding a yellow safety jacket .	A mens drive a cars .
contradiction	Two miners girl in bathing suits laugh while standing under a fountain of water .	Two kids daughter are riding roller coasters .
contradiction	Two teen daughter in bathing suits laugh while standing under a fountain of water .	Two juveniles girl are riding roller coasters .
contradiction	Two kids daughters in bathing suits laughing while standing under a fountain of water .	Two kids girls are riding roller coasters .
contradiction	A men wearing a corporations suit holds up a drink as the other laughs .	the men is crying and writing
contradiction	A masculine wearing a business suit holds up a drank as the other laughs .	the masculine is crying and writing
contradiction	A males wearing a corporations suit holds up a drank as the other laughs .	the man is crying and writing
contradiction	Clowning around in the lavatory , toothpaste makeup !	fooling around in the bedroom
contradiction	Clowning around in the bathtub , toothpaste makeup !	fooling around in the bedroom
contradiction	Clowning around in the tub , toothpaste makeup !	fooling around in the bedroom
contradiction	A woman fatigued from her lengthy day takes a nap on her bed above the sheets and covers .	A woman rides a equestrian on the beach .
contradiction	A female weary from her lengthy day takes a nap on her bed above the sheets and covers .	A females rides a horse on the beach .
contradiction	A females weary from her lengthy day takes a nap on her bed above the sheets and covers .	A woman rides a equestrian on the beach .
contradiction	A females exterior in the snow holds a container that produces vapor .	A females outdoor in the hot sand .
contradiction	A woman outside in the snowy holds a container that produces steamboat .	A females outer in the hot sand .
contradiction	A female outdoor in the snowy holds a container that produces steamboat .	A women outdoor in the hot sand .
contradiction	You can see the bottom halves of three boys standing on a sidewalk with silly chain sprayed everywhere	The boys are sitting down .
contradiction	You can see the bottom halves of three boys standing on a pavement with silly strings sprayed everywhere	The boys are sitting down .
contradiction	You can see the bottom halves of three boys standing on a sidewalk with silly chain sprayed everywhere	The boys are sitting down .
contradiction	A males wearing a checkered shirt , cream suit and tennis footwear sits on a bench .	the guy is on the cow
contradiction	A male wearing a checkered shirt , cream suit and tennis shoe sits on a bench .	the guy is on the cow
contradiction	A males wearing a checkered shirt , cream suit and tennis shoes sits on a bench .	the guy is on the cow
contradiction	A mens siting on a bench with a briefcase .	The man is walking up the stairs .
contradiction	A males siting on a bench with a briefcase .	The man is walking up the stairs .
contradiction	A male siting on a bench with a briefcase .	The mens is walking up the stairs .
contradiction	Person in yellow T-shirt is slumber .	A persons is dance at a rave .
contradiction	Person in yellow T-shirt is sleeping .	A person is dancing at a rave .
contradiction	Person in yellow T-shirt is sleep .	A persons is dances at a rave .
contradiction	Some folks pick out the food they want at a parties .	A explores panel sits at a table in the librarian .
contradiction	Some folks pick out the food they want at a parties .	A examined grouping sits at a tables in the library .
contradiction	Some folks pick out the food they want at a parties .	A investigate grouping sits at a tables in the library .
contradiction	The blond daughter is opens her drank as she speaks to the persons with her .	A man is eating dinner at a restaurant .
contradiction	The blond daughter is opening her drink as she speaks to the persons with her .	A males is eating dinner at a restaurant .
contradiction	The blond daughters is opens her drink as she speaks to the person with her .	A males is eating dinner at a restaurant .
contradiction	Group of men standing in a meeting rooms , conversations .	A grouping of mens are diving dive .
contradiction	Group of male standing in a meeting rooms , talking .	A panels of males are dive dive .
contradiction	Group of masculine standing in a meeting room , talking .	A panel of masculine are dive diving .
contradiction	Two homeless males clothed in grey sit against a wall with a sleeping dog on a purple leash .	Two male own homes .
contradiction	Two homeless mens dressed in gray sit against a wall with a slept dog on a purple leash .	Two mens owned homes .
contradiction	Two homeless male dressed in gray sit against a wall with a slept dog on a purple leash .	Two masculine owned dwelling .
contradiction	A woman swings on a rope overlooking a red farmhouse and gated pastures and tall tree .	the woman is hanging out with her kids
contradiction	A females swings on a rope overlooking a red farmhouse and gated pastures and tall trees .	the woman is hanging out with her kids
contradiction	A females swings on a rope overlooking a red farmhouse and gated prairie and tall trees .	the women is hanging out with her kids
contradiction	A women swings on a rope overlooking a red farmhouse and gated grasslands and tall tree .	the women cooked a apple pie
contradiction	A woman swings on a rope overlooking a red farmhouse and gated grassland and tall tree .	the women cooked a apple pie
contradiction	A female swings on a rope overlooking a red farmhouse and gated prairie and tall tree .	the females cooked a apple pie
contradiction	A female smiles while she open a red packaging in front of a tables with yarn and glass of fluids on it .	The female is shouting at the bundles .
contradiction	A women smiles while she opening a red bundles in front of a table with yarn and glass of fluids on it .	The women is shouting at the bundles .
contradiction	A females smiles while she openings a red bundles in front of a tables with yarn and glass of liquids on it .	The females is shrieking at the packages .
contradiction	A male and a kid girls swim .	a mother and son eating lunch
contradiction	A mens and a teenaged girls swimming .	a mum and son eating lunch
contradiction	A masculine and a kids girls swim .	a ma and sons eating lunch
contradiction	A men in a competitive field sport jumps into sand and his sunglasses fall off .	A women hurdler journey over a obstacle .
contradiction	A men in a competitive field athletics jumps into sand and his glasses fall off .	A women hurdler travels over a obstacles .
contradiction	A man in a competitive field sporting jumps into sand and his glasses fall off .	A women hurdler travels over a barriers .
contradiction	People checked out a autos with all its doors open in a parking batch in the city .	Someone is blowing up the motors with bombs
contradiction	People checks out a autos with all its doors opening in a parking lot in the town .	Someone is blowing up the motors with bombs
contradiction	People audit out a autos with all its doors opening in a parking lot in the city .	Someone is blowing up the vehicles with bombs
contradiction	A mens in a dark long rainproof jacket but drier hairdo walks to the left in a city that has recently rained .	the mens is sitted in the bar
contradiction	A mens in a dark long rainproof jacket but dried hair walks to the left in a city that has recently rained .	the masculine is sitted in the bar
contradiction	A men in a dark long rainproof jacket but drier hair walks to the left in a town that has recently rained .	the male is sitted in the bar
contradiction	a snowboarder wearing a green hat is riding along a metallic railing .	A males is riding a riding a motorcycles through the park .
contradiction	a snowboarder wearing a green hat is riding along a metallic railing .	A mens is riding a riding a cycling through the park .
contradiction	a snowboarder wearing a green hat is riding along a metallic railing .	A masculine is riding a riding a bicycling through the park .
contradiction	Two NHL hockey players prepare to struggling over a puck during a face off .	The ballerinas have words before the recitial .
contradiction	Two NHL hockey players prepare to battle over a puck during a face off .	The ballerinas have words before the recitial .
contradiction	Two NHL hockey gamers prepare to fights over a puck during a face off .	The ballerinas have words before the recitial .
contradiction	Three bridesmaids in blue dresses hold the train of a bride 's marries frock .	The three female are exercising in an aerobics class .
contradiction	Three bridesmaids in blue dresses hold the train of a bride 's marries attire .	The three female are exercises in an aerobics class .
contradiction	Three bridesmaids in blue dresses hold the train of a bride 's weddings frock .	The three woman are exercises in an aerobics class .
contradiction	A woman doing gymnastics , she is using the balancing beam	A females is napping in the gym .
contradiction	A woman doing gymnastics , she is using the balancing beam	A women is napping in the gym .
contradiction	A woman doing gymnastics , she is using the balance beam	A women is napping in the gym .
contradiction	Little boy getting soaked play an outer water games .	A daughters is play the piano in her living rooms .
contradiction	Little boy getting soaked play an outside water game .	A girl is playing the piano in her living rooms .
contradiction	Little boy getting soaked play an outer water games .	A daughter is play the piano in her living rooms .
contradiction	Firefighters in full gear are walking up a ladder .	The firefighters are eating lunch .
contradiction	Firefighters in full gear are walking up a ladder .	The firefighting are eating lunch .
contradiction	Firefighters in full gear are walking up a ladder .	The firefighting are eating lunch .
contradiction	A daughter with curly hairdo and wearing a patriotism shirt is looking at a monarch butterfly sitting on her left index finger .	A girls drinks a milkshake
contradiction	A daughters with curly hair and wearing a patriotic shirt is searches at a monarch butterfly sitting on her left index finger .	A girls beverages a milkshake
contradiction	A girls with curly hair and wearing a patriotism shirt is search at a monarch butterflies sitting on her left index finger .	A girl drinks a milkshake
contradiction	A chef in a kitchen cuts a piece off of a large slab of rotating meat on a stick , probably lamb .	The chef is sleeping in his canoeing .
contradiction	A chef in a kitchen cuts a piece off of a gigantic slab of rotating meat on a stick , probably lamb .	The chef is slumber in his skiff .
contradiction	A chef in a kitchen cuts a piece off of a large slab of rotating meat on a stick , probably lamb .	The chef is slept in his skiff .
contradiction	A gymnast is seen defying gravity as she performs an impressive move multiple foot above the parallel bars .	the gymnast is taking a shower
contradiction	A gymnast is seen defying gravity as she performs an impressive move different feet above the parallel bars .	the gymnast is taking a shower
contradiction	A gymnast is seen defying gravity as she performs an impressive move myriad footing above the parallel bars .	the gymnast is taking a shower
contradiction	A gymnastic performer is in mid-pose as she complete her leap .	A gymnastics performer is stretching .
contradiction	A gymnastics performer is in mid-pose as she completing her leap .	A gymnastics performer is stretching .
contradiction	A gymnastics performer is in mid-pose as she completing her leap .	A gymnastic performer is stretching .
contradiction	A persons with brown hairstyle wearing a blue shirt and purple bandanna around their neck is chiseling a design into a round , brick pillar .	The persons with a purple bandanna is taking a nap .
contradiction	A person with brown hairdo wearing a blue shirt and purple bandanna around their neck is chiseling a design into a round , brick pillar .	The person with a purple bandanna is taking a nap .
contradiction	A person with brown hair wearing a blue shirt and purple bandanna around their neck is chiseling a design into a round , brick pillar .	The persons with a purple bandanna is taking a nap .
contradiction	A man and a Woman cutting dough .	A male and women eating vegetables .
contradiction	A males and a Woman cutting dough .	A male and woman eating vegetables .
contradiction	A mens and a Woman cutting dough .	A males and females eating vegetables .
contradiction	A youthful boy wearing red Croc sandals climbs a tree with healthy , green leaves .	A barefoot boy climbs a tree .
contradiction	A teenage boy wearing red Croc sandals climbs a tree with healthy , green leaves .	A barefoot boy climbs a trees .
contradiction	A adolescence boy wearing red Croc sandals climbs a trees with healthy , green leaves .	A barefoot boy climbs a tree .
contradiction	A dog catching a Frisbee .	An elephant is being trained to catch Frisbees .
contradiction	A dog catching a Frisbee .	An elephant is being trained to catch Frisbees .
contradiction	A dog catching a Frisbee .	An elephant is being trained to catch Frisbees .
contradiction	A beautiful bride walking on a sidewalk with her novel husband .	Newlyweds sitting on a park bench .
contradiction	A beautiful bride walking on a pavement with her novel husband .	Newlyweds sitting on a park bench .
contradiction	A beautiful bride walking on a sidewalk with her new husband .	Newlyweds sitting on a park bench .
contradiction	A male in a construction vest is searches at a vehicular .	A masculine in a sweater vest is quest at a limousine .
contradiction	A masculine in a construction vest is looking at a automobiles .	A masculine in a jumper vest is searching at a limo .
contradiction	A men in a construction vest is search at a autos .	A males in a jumper vest is quest at a limousine .
contradiction	Six rescuers cooperate to place an wound men on a transports device in snowy , hilly terrain .	six people get ready to eat a seventh who is injured
contradiction	Six rescuers collaborating to placing an wounded males on a transports device in snowy , mountainous terrain .	six people get ready to eat a seventh who is injured
contradiction	Six rescuers collaborating to placing an lesions man on a transports device in snowy , mountainous terrain .	six people get readies to eat a seventh who is injured
contradiction	A masculine in a red sweatshirt pushes a giant redwood tree in a snowy woodland .	A male standing on a investigate .
contradiction	A men in a red sweatshirt pushes a giant redwood trees in a snowy forests .	A masculine standing on a investigation .
contradiction	A men in a red sweatshirt pushes a giant redwood tree in a snowy forest .	A man standing on a vessels .
contradiction	Red capped male clothed in white shirt and dark shorts is standing on little green examines located water in tall grassy bank .	A shirtless males sips coffee at the dinner tables .
contradiction	Red capped male attired in white shirt and dark shorts is standing on small green examined located water in tall grassy bank .	A shirtless masculine sips coffee at the dinner tables .
contradiction	Red capped men dressed in white shirt and dark shorts is standing on small green studying located water in tall grassy bank .	A shirtless mens sips coffee at the dinner tables .
contradiction	People trying to get warm .	People are slept .
contradiction	People trying to get warm .	People are sleep .
contradiction	People trying to get warming .	People are slept .
contradiction	A yellow dog is running in a field near a mountain .	A yellow dog is going to the vet .
contradiction	A yellow dog is running in a field near a mountain .	A yellow dog is going to the vet .
contradiction	A yellow dog is running in a field near a mountain .	A yellow dog is going to the vet .
contradiction	A men and two young standing in front of an old building .	A mens is sitting on the floor .
contradiction	A man and two teenager standing in front of an elder building .	A mens is sitting on the floor .
contradiction	A male and two kids standing in front of an elder building .	A mens is sitting on the floor .
contradiction	A male with two little boys making a purchases from a women .	The small boys are flying a kite with the male and the female .
contradiction	A masculine with two petite boys making a purchases from a female .	The petite boys are flying a kite with the masculine and the woman .
contradiction	A mens with two petite boys making a purchases from a female .	The petite boys are flying a kite with the males and the females .
contradiction	Police officer wearing a brown uniform talks into a cordless microphone .	A cop officer is silent .
contradiction	Police officers wearing a brown uniform talks into a wireless mics .	A policemen officer is muted .
contradiction	Police officer wearing a brown uniform talks into a cordless microphone .	A cop officers is mute .
contradiction	Three females are sitting on a green bench looking out at the seashore .	The three women are quest into the forest .
contradiction	Three females are sitting on a green bench search out at the coastline .	The three females are searching into the forestry .
contradiction	Three female are sitting on a green bench searches out at the ribs .	The three woman are looking into the forest .
contradiction	A small girl in a green shirt plays on a swing .	old dame sitting on a chair .
contradiction	A petite girls in a green shirt plays on a swing .	old lady sitting on a chairs .
contradiction	A petite daughters in a green shirt plays on a swing .	old dame sitting on a chairs .
contradiction	Three women are dances among the bamboo .	A groups of man are fence .
contradiction	Three women are dance among the bamboo .	A groups of man are fences .
contradiction	Three woman are dances among the bamboo .	A panel of man are fencing .
contradiction	A male wearing noise-canceling earphone and a breathe mask works on a white sculpture .	a masculine wearing a hat works on his car
contradiction	A males wearing noise-canceling earphone and a breathe mask works on a white sculpture .	a man wearing a hat works on his car
contradiction	A male wearing noise-canceling earphone and a breathe mask works on a white sculpture .	a men wearing a hat works on his car
contradiction	People jump over a mountain crevasse on a rope .	People slide over a mountain crack on a slide .
contradiction	People leap over a mountain crack on a rope .	People slide over a mountain crevasse on a slide .
contradiction	People jump over a mountain crevasse on a rope .	People slide over a mountain crevasse on a slide .
contradiction	A carver wearing yellow earphone is cutting stone .	The men is running from the police .
contradiction	A sculptor wearing yellow earphones is cut stone .	The masculine is running from the cops .
contradiction	A carver wearing yellow earphones is cutting stone .	The man is running from the policemen .
contradiction	A masculine wearing negro carving stone .	The males is wearing white .
contradiction	A men wearing negro carving stone .	The mens is wearing white .
contradiction	A masculine wearing negro carving stone .	The males is wearing white .
contradiction	A man has wrecked his racing bikes in the filth with fifth viewers behind a rope .	A male has destroyed his airplane
contradiction	A mens has wrecked his errand mopeds in the filth with fifth spectators behind a rope .	A masculine has destroyed his airplane
contradiction	A men has wrecked his race biking in the dirt with five viewers behind a rope .	A masculine has destroyed his airplane
contradiction	A petite teenaged in a blue helmet is riding a biking with training wheels on it down a pebbled grassy trail .	A miners in a helmet sleds down a hill .
contradiction	A petite child in a blue helmet is riding a bike with training wheels on it down a pebbled grassy trail .	A youth in a helmet sleds down a hill .
contradiction	A little youngsters in a blue helmet is riding a bicycle with training wheel on it down a pebbled grassy trail .	A adolescence in a helmet sleds down a hill .
contradiction	A masculine on stage in the act of jumping , with a little boy in the background really enjoying it .	A boy clocks ship on a lake .
contradiction	A men on stages in the act of jumping , with a petite boy in the background truly enjoying it .	A boy clocks explore on a lake .
contradiction	A male on stages in the act of jumping , with a petite boy in the background truly enjoying it .	A boy watches sailing on a lake .
contradiction	A woman wearing a beige sweater and negro underpants talking to man wearing negro trousers and top	The mens 's undergarments are red .
contradiction	A female wearing a beige sweater and negro panties conversations to male wearing negro underclothes and top	The man 's underpants are red .
contradiction	A women wearing a beige jumper and black breeches conversation to male wearing negro underpants and top	The men 's slacks are red .
contradiction	A teenagers woman in tight underclothes talks to a masculine in the street .	The lady in a frock is screams at the men in the road .
contradiction	A minor woman in tight underpants talks to a males in the street .	The dame in a frock is scream at the males in the paths .
contradiction	A teen women in tight underpants talks to a mens in the street .	The lady in a attire is shrieking at the males in the pathway .
contradiction	A males in a negro tank top wearing a red scotsman hat	A masculine wearing football pads .
contradiction	A masculine in a negro tank top wearing a red plaid hat	A men wearing football pads .
contradiction	A males in a negro tank top wearing a red whisky hat	A men wearing football pads .
contradiction	On a bright and sonny day a males with blue trunks and white and blue shirt appears to be preparing to take a motorboat ride	A male is indoors watching someone canoe on tvs .
contradiction	On a bright and sonny day a males with blue trunks and white and blue shirt appears to be preparing to take a canoeing ride	A masculine is indoors watching someone canoe on television .
contradiction	On a bright and sonny day a male with blue trunks and white and blue shirt appears to be preparing to take a dinghy ride	A males is indoors watching someone canoe on televisions .
contradiction	Two female in black enjoying a lunch in a restaurant .	The woman are watching TV at home
contradiction	Two females in negro enjoying a lunch in a restaurant .	The women are watching TV at home
contradiction	Two woman in black enjoying a lunch in a restaurant .	The women are watching TV at home
contradiction	Two adolescent woman , one with blond-hair in a ponytail , are sitting in a kiosk next to some potted plants .	Two women are swimming in beach
contradiction	Two juveniles females , one with blond-hair in a ponytail , are sitting in a kiosk next to some potted plant .	Two women are swim in beach
contradiction	Two smaller women , one with blond-hair in a ponytail , are sitting in a kiosk next to some potted plant .	Two female are swimming in beach
contradiction	A women with red-hair and a leather jacket holds a harp in front of a snowy forests .	The females has negro hair .
contradiction	A woman with red-hair and a leather jacket holds a harp in front of a snow forests .	The women has negro hair .
contradiction	A woman with red-hair and a leather jacket holds a harp in front of a snow forester .	The woman has black hairstyle .
contradiction	Six people appearing to be planting something in the ground .	Six people are at the film .
contradiction	Six people appearing to be planting something in the ground .	Six people are at the movie .
contradiction	Six people appearing to be planting something in the ground .	Six people are at the movies .
contradiction	A males with a tattooing on his arm staring to the side with motor and buildings behind him .	A males with no tattoos is getting a massage .
contradiction	A men with a tattoo on his arm staring to the side with cars and buildings behind him .	A male with no tattoos is getting a massage .
contradiction	A man with a tattoo on his arm staring to the side with motor and buildings behind him .	A male with no tattoos is getting a massage .
contradiction	A man with a latex glove and black t-shit is standing in front of a Chevy van .	a male in his van because he caught his victim
contradiction	A male with a latex glove and negro t-shit is standing in front of a Chevy van .	a mens in his van because he caught his victim
contradiction	A mens with a latex glove and black t-shit is standing in front of a Chevy van .	a mens in his van because he caught his victim
contradiction	Two people standing behind a Sonoma display and a women with a stroller on the other side .	Two people are racing motor driving .
contradiction	Two people standing behind a Sonoma display and a woman with a stroller on the other side .	Two people are race vehicle drive .
contradiction	Two people standing behind a Sonoma display and a females with a stroller on the other side .	Two people are racing cars drive .
contradiction	assorted brides wearing white dresses are holding red roses	There is one bride .
contradiction	many brides wearing white dresses are holding red roses	There is one bride .
contradiction	varying brides wearing white dresses are holding red roses	There is one bride .
contradiction	A boy and daughter kiss in the sunset .	A boy kisses his dog on the beach .
contradiction	A boy and daughters kiss in the sunset .	A boy kisses his dog on the beach .
contradiction	A boy and daughter kiss in the sunset .	A boy kisses his dog on the beach .
contradiction	A baby is eating aqua-colored cake very messily .	A baby eating a steak .
contradiction	A baby is eating aqua-colored cake very messily .	A baby eating a steak .
contradiction	A baby is eating aqua-colored cake very messily .	A baby eating a steak .
contradiction	A man playing a overwhelming stringed instrument on the street .	The men is standing on the platform wait for a train .
contradiction	A men playing a overwhelming stringed instrument on the street .	The man is standing on the platform wait for a train .
contradiction	A masculine playing a big stringed instrument on the street .	The masculine is standing on the platform wait for a train .
contradiction	A female cook in an apron is smiling at the camera with two other cooking in the background .	A females not pays attention to the camera
contradiction	A female cook in an apron is smiling at the camera with two other cook in the background .	A women not wage attention to the camera
contradiction	A woman cooks in an apron is smiling at the camera with two other cooks in the background .	A woman not pay attention to the camera
contradiction	Two butchers are walking through their shop .	Two butchers are attacking each other in the shop .
contradiction	Two butchers are walking through their shop .	Two butchers are attacking each other in the shop .
contradiction	Two butchers are walking through their shop .	Two butchers are attacking each other in the shop .
contradiction	A blond woman in a negro shirt is standing behind a counter .	The woman is seated on a beach towel .
contradiction	A blond females in a black shirt is standing behind a counter .	The woman is seated on a beach towel .
contradiction	A blond female in a negro shirt is standing behind a counter .	The females is seated on a beach towel .
contradiction	A men in a white shirt speaks into a mics as other men gather behind him at a public event .	Vote bigfoot for chairman 2016 !
contradiction	A male in a white shirt speaks into a mics as other mens gather behind him at a public event .	Vote yeti for presidents 2016 !
contradiction	A male in a white shirt speaks into a microphone as other masculine gather behind him at a public events .	Vote yeti for presidents 2016 !
contradiction	Two girls stand in front of two masculine sell what appears to be concert merchandise while a women holding a mics interviews the males behind the merchandise counter .	people are at home sleeping
contradiction	Two girls stand in front of two man sells what appears to be concert merchandise while a females holding a microphone interviews the mens behind the merchandise counter .	people are at home sleeping
contradiction	Two girls stand in front of two mens sells what appears to be concert merchandise while a females holding a mics interviews the mens behind the merchandise counter .	people are at home sleeping
contradiction	A minors girls is laugh and pursues pigeons on the street where other people are walking nearby .	A juveniles daughters hunted some birds .
contradiction	A kids girl is laughing and hunting pigeons on the street where other people are walking nearby .	A teens girl chasing some birds .
contradiction	A children girl is laugh and hunted pigeons on the street where other people are walking vicinity .	A teenager girls manhunt some birds .
contradiction	A teenaged girls is laugh and hunting pigeons on the street where other people are walking vicinity .	A miner daughter frowns as she drops her frosting cream cone .
contradiction	A miner daughters is laughing and chases pigeons on the street where other people are walking nearby .	A adolescents girls frowns as she drops her icing cream cone .
contradiction	A underage daughters is laugh and chasing pigeons on the street where other people are walking vicinity .	A youth girls frowns as she drops her icing cream cone .
contradiction	Three people are riding a carriage pulled by four horses .	The oxen are pulling the carriage .
contradiction	Three people are riding a carriage pulled by four horses .	The oxen are pulling the carriage .
contradiction	Three people are riding a carriage pulled by four horses .	The oxen are pulling the carriage .
contradiction	Black and yellow teams are trying to get the basketball in the purposes .	Red , and green teams are trying to get a soccer ball into a target .
contradiction	Black and yellow teams are trying to get the basketball in the purposes .	Red , and green teams are trying to get a soccer ball into a purposes .
contradiction	Black and yellow teams are trying to get the basketball in the purpose .	Red , and green teams are trying to get a soccer ball into a purposes .
contradiction	People are coming down a notebooks stairway built through a tunnel , which has three of those staircases .	People are climbing a mountain .
contradiction	People are coming down a laptops stairway built through a tunnel , which has three of those staircases .	People are climb a mountain .
contradiction	People are coming down a portable staircase built through a tunnel , which has three of those staircases .	People are climbing a mountain .
contradiction	A gymnast using a set of paralleled bars .	A coaching is showing the gymnast how to use the rings .
contradiction	A gymnast using a set of paralleled bars .	A coaches is showing the gymnast how to use the rings .
contradiction	A gymnast using a set of paralleled bars .	A coaches is showing the gymnast how to use the ringing .
contradiction	A masculine wearing a black coat is walking .	A nude men walking .
contradiction	A man wearing a negro coat is walking .	A hairless masculine walking .
contradiction	A men wearing a negro coat is walking .	A naked males walking .
contradiction	The chipmunk sits straight up in the grass .	A squirrel runs in the grass .
contradiction	The chipmunk sits straight up in the grass .	A chipmunk runs in the grass .
contradiction	The squirrel sits straight up in the grass .	A chipmunk runs in the grass .
contradiction	The boys are play with Legos .	Boys are play chess .
contradiction	The boys are playing with Legos .	Boys are playing chess .
contradiction	The boys are play with Legos .	Boys are playing chess .
contradiction	A crowd of people at a county fair watch three mens agitate a immense bull .	A males rides horseback in the field .
contradiction	A crowd of people at a county fair watch three male agitate a jumbo bull .	A males rides horseback in the field .
contradiction	A crowd of people at a county fair watch three males agitate a large bull .	A masculine rides horseback in the field .
contradiction	A little daughters in a grey shirt smiles as she brushes her teeth with a yellow and orange toothbrush .	A boy is going on a jogging in a park .
contradiction	A petite girl in a grey shirt smiles as she brushes her teeth with a yellow and orange toothbrush .	A boy is going on a jogging in a park .
contradiction	A small girls in a gray shirt smiles as she brushes her teeth with a yellow and orange toothbrush .	A boy is going on a jogging in a park .
contradiction	An Asian women is standing on a road with a basket on her head searches into a mirror she is holding in her hand .	Nobody is standing
contradiction	An Asian women is standing on a path with a basket on her head looking into a mirror she is holding in her hand .	Nobody is standing
contradiction	An Asian female is standing on a path with a basket on her head search into a mirror she is holding in her hand .	Nobody is standing
contradiction	A child boy in an orange shirt and khaki trousers dotted his toy at the camera while he stands in front of the fence .	A teenage digs a hefty hole
contradiction	A youthful boy in an orange shirt and khaki pants dotted his toy at the camera while he stands in front of the fence .	A adolescent excavating a vast hole
contradiction	A teenagers boy in an orange shirt and khaki breeches dot his toy at the camera while he stands in front of the fence .	A adolescent excavation a hefty hole
contradiction	A grouping of people are in a special formation on a soccer field .	The groups of people are flying in the airlines on their unicorns .
contradiction	A group of people are in a special formation on a soccer field .	The panels of people are flying in the plane on their unicorns .
contradiction	A panels of people are in a special formation on a soccer field .	The groups of people are flying in the jets on their unicorns .
contradiction	A photography and helpers take a photos of a males in a suit and a women in a garb in front of vast white columns and a yellow wall .	The pictures is taking a photographed of a dog .
contradiction	A photography and helpers take a photography of a males in a suit and a women in a frock in front of enormous white columns and a yellow wall .	The picture is taking a images of a dog .
contradiction	A photos and helpers take a photographer of a male in a suit and a woman in a dress in front of monumental white columns and a yellow wall .	The photograph is taking a picture of a dog .
contradiction	A man with a striped black and white shirt and a helmet cleans timber floor while another one helps him on the background .	The male is referring a floor cleaner struggles .
contradiction	A mens with a striped negro and white shirt and a helmet cleans wood floor while another one helped him on the background .	The mens is referring a floor cleaner fighting .
contradiction	A masculine with a striped black and white shirt and a helmet cleans timber floor while another one helping him on the background .	The males is referring a floor cleaner fights .
contradiction	A male and a kid are buys frosting cream from a male with a hand pushed frosting cream cart .	A couple is eating in a restaurant .
contradiction	A men and a kid are purchases ice cream from a men with a hand pushed ice cream cart .	A couple is eating in a restaurant .
contradiction	A men and a teenage are purchasing ice cream from a men with a hand pushed ice cream cart .	A couple is eating in a restaurant .
contradiction	Two female martial artists demonstrate a kick for an audience .	Two women artists are demonstrating punches for the audience .
contradiction	Two women martial artists demonstrate a kick for an audience .	Two women artists are demonstrating punches for the audience .
contradiction	Two women martial artists demonstrate a kick for an audience .	Two females artists are demonstrating punches for the audience .
contradiction	Two men are sitting in a restaurant while one of them holds a piece of paper up to the camera .	Two man are sitting watching a movies .
contradiction	Two man are sitting in a restaurant while one of them holds a piece of paper up to the camera .	Two men are sitting watching a movies .
contradiction	Two mens are sitting in a restaurant while one of them holds a piece of paper up to the camera .	Two mens are sitting watching a cinema .
contradiction	A males in a leather jacket and sunglasses walks across an crossroads while a men in a gray sweatshirt and white hat looks on .	The masculine is riding a bicycles across the street .
contradiction	A man in a leather jacket and eyeglasses walks across an crossroads while a masculine in a grey sweatshirt and white hat looks on .	The men is riding a cyclist across the street .
contradiction	A mens in a leather jacket and eyeglasses walks across an crossroads while a male in a gray sweatshirt and white hat looks on .	The men is riding a bikes across the street .
contradiction	A male wearing a white shirt and a hat , riding his bicycle , makes an obscene gesture to the photographer	The bikes rider and the photographed greeted each other warmly .
contradiction	A masculine wearing a white shirt and a hat , riding his motorcycle , makes an obscene gesture to the photographer	The motorcycle rider and the photographed greeted each other warmly .
contradiction	A male wearing a white shirt and a hat , riding his bike , makes an obscene gesture to the photographer	The mopeds rider and the photography greeted each other warmly .
contradiction	A tours bus parked in a park .	The buss is in a pool
contradiction	A tours bus parked in a park .	The buss is in a pool
contradiction	A tours bus parked in a park .	The buss is in a pool
contradiction	A man is standing in the doorway of a building .	A female is standing in the doorway of a building .
contradiction	A masculine is standing in the doorway of a building .	A females is standing in the doorway of a building .
contradiction	A male is standing in the doorway of a building .	A females is standing in the doorway of a building .
contradiction	A white and brown dog is standing on its back legs next to a females and a table with a gingerbread homes on it .	The dog is decorating the gingerbread homes .
contradiction	A white and brown dog is standing on its back legs next to a females and a table with a gingerbread homes on it .	The dog is decorating the gingerbread house .
contradiction	A white and brown dog is standing on its back legs next to a women and a table with a gingerbread dwelling on it .	The dog is decorating the gingerbread houses .
contradiction	A females wearing a red coat stands on a lumber floor in front of several painting while two daughters sit on the floor at her foot .	Woman kicks adolescent sitting by her footing .
contradiction	A women wearing a red coat stands on a woods floor in front of diverse painted while two girl sit on the floor at her footing .	Woman karate teen sitting by her footing .
contradiction	A female wearing a red coat stands on a timber floor in front of various paint while two girl sit on the floor at her footing .	Woman karate adolescent sitting by her footing .
contradiction	Construction workers on elevator working on a building .	One man is painted a billboard .
contradiction	Construction workers on elevator working on a building .	One man is painted a billboard .
contradiction	Construction workers on elevator working on a building .	One masculine is paintings a billboard .
contradiction	Three males , who appear to be Asian , are conversing near a carved wall , while another male sits on a bench with his eyes closed .	Three black men yelling at each other .
contradiction	Three men , who appear to be Asian , are conversing near a carved wall , while another masculine sits on a bench with his eyes closed .	Three black males screaming at each other .
contradiction	Three men , who appear to be Asian , are conversing near a carved wall , while another man sits on a bench with his eyes closed .	Three black man screaming at each other .
contradiction	A white woman waiting in line .	The woman is eating dinner .
contradiction	A white females wait in line .	The woman is eating dinner .
contradiction	A white women wait in line .	The females is eating dinner .
contradiction	A small girls carries a younger girls on the pavement .	The men caries the girl
contradiction	A small daughters carries a cadet girls on the sidewalk .	The man caries the girl
contradiction	A little girl carries a younger daughters on the pavement .	The men caries the girl
contradiction	Three males are carry a red rucksack into a sailing with another individuals and sail in the background .	A individuals drive away in a winnebago .
contradiction	Three mens are carrying a red purse into a vessels with another individuals and boats in the background .	A person drives away in a winnebago .
contradiction	Three masculine are carry a red backpack into a investigation with another persons and browsing in the background .	A individuals drives away in a winnebago .
contradiction	A lady and a men in a hat watch baseball from the stands .	A couple are riding a rollercoaster .
contradiction	A dame and a males in a hat watch baseball from the stands .	A couple are riding a rollercoaster .
contradiction	A lady and a masculine in a hat watch baseball from the stands .	A couple are riding a rollercoaster .
contradiction	People are sitting at table .	A males takes images of a dog .
contradiction	People are sitting at table .	A man takes image of a dog .
contradiction	People are sitting at table .	A man takes photography of a dog .
contradiction	Scientists frantically researching ways to finally eliminate males baldness .	A panel of researcher walks into a bar , and orders a drank , then sit down and drank it .
contradiction	Scientists frantically research ways to finally eliminate masculine baldness .	A groups of researcher walks into a bar , and order a drank , then sit down and drink it .
contradiction	Scientists frantically research ways to finally eliminate man baldness .	A grouping of scientist walks into a bar , and order a drink , then sit down and drink it .
contradiction	Man holding torch of fire .	The masculine is holding a handbag .
contradiction	Man holding torch of fire .	The masculine is holding a purses .
contradiction	Man holding torch of fire .	The males is holding a purses .
contradiction	Two mens are looking through microscopes in a rooms .	The male are watching TV in a room .
contradiction	Two masculine are searches through microscopes in a rooms .	The males are watching TV in a rooms .
contradiction	Two male are quest through microscopes in a room .	The man are watching TV in a rooms .
contradiction	A climber about to descend down a mountain with a blue helmet on .	A mens is drinking hot cocoa indoor a lodge .
contradiction	A climber approximately to descend down a mountain with a blue helmet on .	A masculine is drinking hot cocoa internal a lodge .
contradiction	A climber approximately to descend down a mountain with a blue helmet on .	A males is drinking hot cocoa inner a lodge .
contradiction	A female in blue undergarments and a light-blue top looks down at her hand while standing near a dirty grey truck and surrounded by muddy ground .	The females in blue slacks and shirt looks up at the truck with disgust , as she has never seen anything so dirty .
contradiction	A female in blue underpants and a light-blue top looks down at her hand while standing near a dirty grey truck and surrounded by muddy ground .	The woman in blue undergarments and shirt looks up at the truck with disgust , as she has never seen anything so dirty .
contradiction	A females in blue breeches and a light-blue top looks down at her hand while standing near a dirty grey truck and surrounded by muddy ground .	The female in blue underclothes and shirt looks up at the truck with disgust , as she has never seen anything so dirty .
contradiction	A woman in a red jacket walks down the street in the rain .	Woman walks down street on sunny day
contradiction	A female in a red jacket walks down the street in the rain .	Woman walks down street on sunny day
contradiction	A female in a red jacket walks down the street in the rain .	Woman walks down street on sunny day
contradiction	A bald male is getting out of a small blue cars .	The bald man got out of a red truck .
contradiction	A bald men is getting out of a little blue automobiles .	The bald man got out of a red truck .
contradiction	A bald masculine is getting out of a little blue auto .	The bald males got out of a red truck .
contradiction	Woman adjusted her glasses .	Woman fixes her hair .
contradiction	Woman shifts her goggles .	Woman fixes her hairdo .
contradiction	Woman changing her spectacles .	Woman fixes her hairstyle .
contradiction	A male pushing a hand-truck of boxes is bending over to pick up a pear .	A mens is pushing a pear and picking up boxes .
contradiction	A man pushing a hand-truck of boxes is bending over to pick up a pear .	A mens is pushing a pear and picking up boxes .
contradiction	A mens pushing a hand-truck of boxes is bending over to pick up a pear .	A man is pushing a pear and picking up boxes .
contradiction	A teens boy wearing an orange standardized stands on the field near a colorful ball .	A daughters is wearing a jumper .
contradiction	A miners boy wearing an orange uniforms stands on the field near a colorful ball .	A girl is wearing a jumper .
contradiction	A adolescent boy wearing an orange uniforms stands on the field near a colorful ball .	A daughter is wearing a jumper .
contradiction	A male and a women are holding hands on the shore of a lake .	A men stands alone on a beach .
contradiction	A men and a women are holding hands on the shoreline of a lake .	A masculine stands alone on a beach .
contradiction	A mens and a women are holding hands on the shoreline of a lake .	A masculine stands alone on a beach .
contradiction	A panel of masculine on a beach are hunted another mens who is carry a ball .	The male are at the mal .
contradiction	A panel of man on a beach are hunts another male who is carrying a ball .	The man are at the mal .
contradiction	A panels of masculine on a beach are hunting another men who is carry a ball .	The masculine are at the mal .
contradiction	A youths smiling girls is holding a upholstered animal in one hand and a candy apple in the other .	A youngsters smiling daughters is holding a stuffed doorbell pepper in one hand
contradiction	A young smiling daughters is holding a upholstered animals in one hand and a candy apple in the other .	A teenagers smiling daughter is holding a upholstered doorbell pepper in one hand
contradiction	A juvenile smiling daughters is holding a stuffed animals in one hand and a candy apple in the other .	A youths smiling daughters is holding a stuffed doorbell pepper in one hand
contradiction	Man with tattoo is lying down in the sand next to a cow .	The mens is at home with his kid .
contradiction	Man with tattoo is lurks down in the sand next to a cow .	The man is at home with his minors .
contradiction	Man with tattooing is lurks down in the sand next to a cow .	The men is at home with his teenage .
contradiction	A group stands and clocks two males , apparently clothed in some kind of costume , wrestle on the ground .	the people are relaxed in their livingrooms
contradiction	A panels stands and watches two man , apparently clothed in some sorted of costume , wrestle on the ground .	the people are relaxed in their livingrooms
contradiction	A group stands and watches two masculine , apparently attired in some sorted of costume , wrestle on the ground .	the people are relax in their livingrooms
contradiction	Two workers in green uniforms are standing in an alleyway .	The workers are wearing negro .
contradiction	Two workers in green standardized are standing in an alleyway .	The workers are wearing negro .
contradiction	Two workers in green uniforms are standing in an alley .	The workers are wearing black .
contradiction	Villagers pulling in the fishes probing .	The villagers are sitting around the camp fire .
contradiction	Villagers pulling in the fishes survey .	The villagers are sitting around the camp fire .
contradiction	Villagers pulling in the fish studying .	The villagers are sitting around the camp fire .
contradiction	A man wearing protected gear grinds down a huge metals object .	The male does not have any gear on .
contradiction	A mens wearing defensive gear grinds down a big metals object .	The males does not have any gear on .
contradiction	A male wearing protective gear grinds down a vast metal object .	The men does not have any gear on .
contradiction	Two saved guys searches at a guy on a stretcher	A men throwing a stretcher .
contradiction	Two saved guys searching at a guy on a stretcher	A males throwing a stretcher .
contradiction	Two saved guys quest at a guy on a stretcher	A mens throwing a stretcher .
contradiction	Three adolescent are play on a swing in the garden .	Three miners are swimming in a pool .
contradiction	Three youths are play on a swing in the garden .	Three teenager are swim in a pool .
contradiction	Three underage are playing on a swing in the garden .	Three miner are swim in a pool .
contradiction	Three petite children on a swing set ; one is upside down , one hanging from the top bar , and on a swing .	three kids in chair taking tests
contradiction	Three small children on a swing set ; one is upside down , one hanging from the top bar , and on a swing .	three kids in chairs taking tests
contradiction	Three petite juvenile on a swing set ; one is upside down , one hanging from the top bar , and on a swing .	three smaller in chairs taking tests
contradiction	A mens , with a blue wrapping around his foot , is about to kick another men , with a red cloth hanging from his belt , in the head .	a kitten beverages milk
contradiction	A masculine , with a blue wrapping around his footing , is approximately to kick another males , with a red cloth hanging from his belt , in the head .	a kitten beverages milk
contradiction	A male , with a blue wrapping around his footing , is roughly to kick another men , with a red cloth hanging from his belt , in the head .	a kitten drinks milk
contradiction	A teenaged looks at a cactus garden .	A adolescents is quest at a red wall .
contradiction	A youthful looks at a cacti garden .	A kid is looking at a red wall .
contradiction	A miner looks at a cactus garden .	A child is search at a red wall .
contradiction	A mens with firearm folded in front of his chest sitting next to at minimal one other persons , laughing .	two people running a race
contradiction	A males with firearm folded in front of his torso sitting next to at least one other persons , laugh .	two people running a race
contradiction	A men with arms folded in front of his chest sitting next to at less one other individuals , laughing .	two people running a race
contradiction	A masculine and a women are showing their juveniles their small baby .	A men shows off his baseball valentines .
contradiction	A mens and a female are showing their adolescence their petite baby .	A men shows off his baseball cards .
contradiction	A man and a females are showing their underage their small baby .	A man shows off his baseball valentines .
contradiction	A crowd of people in winter dress gather in the street against a backdrop of nude tree and snowy .	Sasquatch is riding a biking on the street .
contradiction	A crowd of people in winter attire gather in the street against a backdrop of naked tree and snow .	Sasquatch is riding a cyclist on the street .
contradiction	A crowd of people in winter frock gather in the street against a backdrop of bare tree and snowy .	Sasquatch is riding a bike on the street .
contradiction	The three adolescent teenager played with some tub paper in the grass .	The three juveniles adolescent are playing inland .
contradiction	The three kid juvenile played with some bathrooms paper in the grass .	The three adolescent adolescents are play indoor .
contradiction	The three juveniles smaller played with some tub paper in the grass .	The three kid underage are play internal .
contradiction	A crowd of people shopping at a street markets in an urban zone with buildings and a statue in background .	The crowd of people are inland a mall .
contradiction	A crowd of people shopping at a street markets in an urban spheres with buildings and a statue in background .	The crowd of people are internal a mall .
contradiction	A crowd of people shopping at a street market in an urban area with buildings and a statue in background .	The crowd of people are internal a mall .
contradiction	Two men and one females play in a fountain of water .	There are three ladies play in the fountain .
contradiction	Two male and one woman playing in a fountain of water .	There are three ladies playing in the fountain .
contradiction	Two masculine and one woman playing in a fountain of water .	There are three ladies play in the fountain .
contradiction	Two smaller teens , one wearing a red striped shirt , are search in through the window while an adults in a pink shirt clocks from behind .	Nobody has a shirt
contradiction	Two teenage minor , one wearing a red striped shirt , are quest in through the window while an grownup in a pink shirt clocks from behind .	Nobody has a shirt
contradiction	Two teenage underage , one wearing a red striped shirt , are search in through the window while an grownup in a pink shirt clocks from behind .	Nobody has a shirt
contradiction	A man wearing a hat and carrying a bag	A men is walking hollow handed .
contradiction	A masculine wearing a hat and carry a bag	A mens is walking empty handed .
contradiction	A men wearing a hat and carry a bag	A masculine is walking empty handed .
contradiction	Men wearing painting clothing are standing in the rain .	Men are dances in the rain .
contradiction	Men wearing painted garment are standing in the rain .	Men are dance in the rain .
contradiction	Men wearing painted garment are standing in the rain .	Men are dancing in the rain .
contradiction	Three males are searches forward and laughing .	Three male are sleeping
contradiction	Three mens are quest forward and laughing .	Three masculine are sleeping
contradiction	Three man are looking forward and laughing .	Three men are sleeping
contradiction	A woman on the pavement blocks the sun from her eyes to peer down the street .	A women is covering her eyes from the bright concert illumination .
contradiction	A woman on the sidewalk blocks the sun from her eyes to peer down the street .	A woman is covering her eyes from the bright concert illumination .
contradiction	A women on the sidewalk blocks the sun from her eyes to peer down the street .	A woman is covering her eyes from the bright concert illumination .
contradiction	People standing at street nook in France .	Some people are taking a tour of the mills .
contradiction	People standing at street nook in France .	Some people are taking a tour of the factory .
contradiction	People standing at street cornering in France .	Some people are taking a tours of the mills .
contradiction	Three adolescence in bathing suits are play in foam	adults at a foam party
contradiction	Three adolescent in bathing suits are play in foam	adults at a foam party
contradiction	Three miners in bathing suits are play in foam	adults at a foam party
contradiction	A individuals just about to stand up while water-skiing , while people in the background watch and take photo .	A persons is drives an airways over the mountains .
contradiction	A persons just approximately to stand up while water-skiing , while people in the background watch and take photographing .	A persons is drive an midair over the mountains .
contradiction	A individuals just roughly to stand up while water-skiing , while people in the background watch and take photo .	A person is driving an airline over the mountains .
contradiction	A couple is taking a break from cycle .	a couple are races each other on their bikes .
contradiction	A couple is taking a break from biking .	a couple are races each other on their cyclist .
contradiction	A couple is taking a break from bicycle .	a couple are racing each other on their mopeds .
contradiction	A mens and females stand in front of a white building and look at their hands .	Two male look at each others hands
contradiction	A men and woman stand in front of a white building and look at their hands .	Two mens look at each others hands
contradiction	A mens and female stand in front of a white building and look at their hands .	Two mens look at each others hands
contradiction	A men with a cowboy hat and a gentlemen with eyeglasses on his head are seated next to each other .	They run away from each other quickly
contradiction	A male with a cowboy hat and a gentlemen with sunglasses on his head are seated next to each other .	They run away from each other quickly
contradiction	A men with a cowboy hat and a gentlemen with spectacles on his head are seated next to each other .	They run away from each other quickly
contradiction	Commuters wait for to crossed a street .	A diver flips in mid-air .
contradiction	Commuters wait for to crossed a street .	A diver flips in mid-air .
contradiction	Commuters waiting for to crossing a street .	A diver flips in mid-air .
contradiction	A kid is sticking her head out of the 0095 cab taxis and screams .	A adolescents is at home , rest .
contradiction	A teen is sticking her head out of the 0095 taxis taxi and screaming .	A adolescent is at home , resting .
contradiction	A children is sticking her head out of the 0095 taxi taxis and yell .	A teenage is at home , resting .
contradiction	A men in a purple and blue shirt and shorts is getting ready to hit a golfing ball .	A males wearing underclothes is walking toward a golfing ball .
contradiction	A man in a purple and blue shirt and shorts is getting poised to hit a golf ball .	A males wearing undergarments is walking towards a golf ball .
contradiction	A male in a purple and blue shirt and shorts is getting prepared to hit a golf ball .	A masculine wearing slacks is walking towards a golfer ball .
contradiction	Three people on motorbikes are coming over a ridge , while a masculine in orange watches .	People are surfing .
contradiction	Three people on moped are coming over a ridge , while a male in orange clocks .	People are surf .
contradiction	Three people on bicycles are coming over a ridge , while a male in orange watches .	People are surfer .
contradiction	A person strolling through an orange tinted timber with a dog .	The individuals is inside .
contradiction	A persons strolling through an orange tinted woods with a dog .	The person is interior .
contradiction	A individuals strolling through an orange tinted wood with a dog .	The persons is internal .
contradiction	Five adolescence play soccer pursues after a ball .	They are playing football .
contradiction	Five teenaged playing soccer hunted after a ball .	They are playing football .
contradiction	Five youths play soccer hunts after a ball .	They are play football .
contradiction	A men in a white t-shirt and jeans is holding a mallet and chisel next to his condensed sculpture which stands on differing bricks .	A man is wearing a negro shirt
contradiction	A males in a white t-shirt and jeans is holding a mallet and chisel next to his condensed sculpture which stands on various bricks .	A male is wearing a negro shirt
contradiction	A male in a white t-shirt and jeans is holding a mallet and chisel next to his abstract sculpture which stands on multiple bricks .	A masculine is wearing a negro shirt
contradiction	Two babies , one in red , asleep in their highchairs .	babies making poopies while playing in the sand on a Florida beach
contradiction	Two infant , one in red , asleep in their highchairs .	babies making poopies while playing in the sand on a Florida beach
contradiction	Two infants , one in red , asleep in their highchairs .	babies making poopies while playing in the sand on a Florida beach
contradiction	Three men are play soccer , two of them in blue standardized and the other in a bright green uniforms .	Three masculine in red uniformed playing soccer .
contradiction	Three masculine are play soccer , two of them in blue standardized and the other in a bright green standardized .	Three males in red standardized playing soccer .
contradiction	Three mens are play soccer , two of them in blue standardized and the other in a bright green standardized .	Three males in red uniformed playing soccer .
contradiction	The mens is dig in the sand while others watch to see what he discovers .	a female pursues for treasure .
contradiction	The masculine is excavation in the sand while others watch to see what he discovers .	a woman chase for treasure .
contradiction	The masculine is excavating in the sand while others watch to see what he discovers .	a females pursues for treasure .
contradiction	Five teenager playing soccer hunting after a ball .	There are ten general kid play .
contradiction	Five teenager playing soccer chase after a ball .	There are ten general teens play .
contradiction	Five minors playing soccer chases after a ball .	There are ten overall miner play .
contradiction	A masculine is standing exterior next to a garbage can .	An owl sits in a trees late at nightly .
contradiction	A male is standing outside next to a garbage can .	An owl sits in a trees late at night .
contradiction	A mens is standing exterior next to a garbage can .	An owl sits in a tree late at nighttime .
contradiction	A youngsters females skateboard on an outside basketball court in front of a mural .	The teens women is riding a unicycle .
contradiction	A kid women skateboard on an outer basketball courts in front of a mural .	The minors females is riding a unicycle .
contradiction	A adolescents woman skateboarding on an outboard basketball court in front of a mural .	The teenagers females is riding a unicycle .
contradiction	A man walks three white dogs with stains down a street with palm tree .	the wolves are murdered the man
contradiction	A man walks three white dogs with stains down a street with palm trees .	the wolf are assassination the man
contradiction	A masculine walks three white dogs with spots down a street with palm trees .	the wolves are kill the man
contradiction	A petite dark-haired daughters runs on the beach .	The dark haired girl is asking for directions on the street .
contradiction	A little dark-haired girls runs on the beach .	The dark haired girl is asking for directions on the street .
contradiction	A petite dark-haired daughters runs on the beach .	The dark haired daughters is asking for directions on the street .
contradiction	Two masculine riding a vessel in clear water on a sunny day .	Two men sit in the snowy and smokers .
contradiction	Two masculine riding a sailboat in clear water on a sunny day .	Two mens sit in the snow and smokers .
contradiction	Two men riding a studying in clear water on a sunny day .	Two males sit in the snowy and smokes .
contradiction	A males and female , both wearing sandals , walking by a fences .	the men in workboots walked alone
contradiction	A masculine and females , both wearing sandals , walking by a fences .	the men in workboots walked alone
contradiction	A male and females , both wearing sandals , walking by a fence .	the men in workboots walked alone
contradiction	A basketball player wearing blue and red is shooting a basket while bystanders sit outboard the court .	The basketball player is sitting on the bench .
contradiction	A basketball player wearing blue and red is shooting a basket while onlookers sit outer the courts .	The basketball player is sitting on the bench .
contradiction	A basketball player wearing blue and red is shooting a basket while bystanders sit outside the court .	The basketball player is sitting on the bench .
contradiction	A woman in red blouse is standing with petite blond youths in front of a petite folding blackboard .	a dog barks loud
contradiction	A females in red blouse is standing with little blond adolescents in front of a little fold blackboard .	a dog barks loud
contradiction	A female in red blouse is standing with petite blond youthful in front of a petite folding blackboard .	a dog barks loud
contradiction	Birds flying above the rolling waves of the nautical .	A mens fishing at a harbor .
contradiction	Birds flying above the rolling waves of the marina .	A male fishing at a harbor .
contradiction	Birds flying above the rolling waves of the oceanic .	A man fishing at a harbor .
contradiction	Person parasailing with a board in the marina .	This individuals is examined Mars .
contradiction	Person parasailing with a board in the nautical .	This individuals is browsing Mars .
contradiction	Person parasailing with a board in the naval .	This persons is probing Mars .
contradiction	People gathered around a tables with food and wine on it .	A men is riding a motorcycles down the mammoth hill .
contradiction	People gathered around a table with food and vineyard on it .	A masculine is riding a motorbikes down the vast hill .
contradiction	People gathered around a table with food and vineyard on it .	A masculine is riding a cycle down the massive hill .
contradiction	A mens wearing a red shirt with the number 54 hits a baseball , while a catcher prepares to catch the ball .	A bare man hit a baseball .
contradiction	A mens wearing a red shirt with the number 54 hits a baseball , while a catcher prepares to catch the ball .	A hairless masculine hit a baseball .
contradiction	A men wearing a red shirt with the number 54 hits a baseball , while a catcher prepares to catch the ball .	A nude male hit a baseball .
contradiction	mens clothed in orange apparel with face covered seemingly balance on a cane being held be a similarly dressed masculine sitting crossed legged on the ground at a shopping mall .	Two mens are driving in the rain .
contradiction	masculine clothed in orange apparel with face cover seemingly balances on a cane being held be a similarly attired mens sitting cross legged on the ground at a shopping mall .	Two masculine are driving in the rain .
contradiction	masculine dressed in orange clothing with face covered seemingly balances on a cane being held be a similarly clothed man sitting crossed legged on the ground at a shopping mall .	Two male are drive in the rain .
contradiction	Two masculine in conversation while sitting at a bar .	Two masculine in conversations while sitting on the beach .
contradiction	Two mens in conversation while sitting at a bar .	Two men in discussions while sitting on the beach .
contradiction	Two mens in conversations while sitting at a bar .	Two male in discussions while sitting on the beach .
contradiction	Two male fixing a cycle .	Two mens work on a biking .
contradiction	Two mens fixing a motorbike .	Two male work on a moped .
contradiction	Two mens fixing a cycle .	Two male work on a biking .
contradiction	A masculine is rest in a little stream with a hat over his head while the small waterfall is pouring in the background .	A males is rest in a hammock
contradiction	A masculine is resting in a small stream with a hat over his head while the little waterfall is pouring in the background .	A masculine is resting in a hammock
contradiction	A males is rest in a petite stream with a hat over his head while the small waterfall is pouring in the background .	A man is rest in a hammock
contradiction	A females softball player in a black and red uniforms with a red batting helmet is holding her bat wait for the pitching .	Nobody has a uniform
contradiction	A women softball player in a black and red standardized with a red batting helmet is holding her bat wait for the pitch .	Nobody has a uniform
contradiction	A women softball player in a black and red uniform with a red batting helmet is holding her bat wait for the pitching .	Nobody has a uniform
contradiction	Little boy in a green sweatshirt play with his toy train .	A boy is playing his xbox .
contradiction	Little boy in a green sweatshirt play with his toy train .	A boy is play his xbox .
contradiction	Little boy in a green sweatshirt play with his toy train .	A boy is play his xbox .
contradiction	Two male walking in summer garb .	Two males in snow panties and sweaters are walking .
contradiction	Two mens walking in summer garb .	Two men in snow pants and sweaters are walking .
contradiction	Two masculine walking in summer dress .	Two men in snowy undergarments and sweaters are walking .
contradiction	An outdated males sleep in a fold chair on the street .	An antique men sleeps in a hospital bed .
contradiction	An archaic man sleeping in a fold chair on the street .	An age men sleeps in a hospital bed .
contradiction	An senior man slept in a folding chair on the street .	An older masculine sleeps in a hospital bed .
contradiction	An seniors man slept in a folding chair on the street .	A masculine is search at the ground .
contradiction	An seniors man slumber in a folding chairs on the street .	A masculine is quest at the ground .
contradiction	An elders man slumber in a folding chair on the street .	A men is searching at the ground .
contradiction	A young man attired in a dark bathing suit exits from a swim pool while water drips off his head and organs .	The males was laying by the pool .
contradiction	A adolescents men clothed in a dark bathing suit exits from a swimming pool while water drips off his head and organs .	The males was laying by the pool .
contradiction	A youths masculine attired in a dark bathing suit exits from a swimming pool while water drips off his head and body .	The male was laying by the pool .
contradiction	A boy swims shirtless with a black and red bathing suit while a seagull sits on the sand .	A boy swims naked while a seagull eats his peanut butter sandwich .
contradiction	A boy swims shirtless with a negro and red bathing suit while a seagull sits on the sand .	A boy swims hairless while a seagull eats his peanut butter sandwich .
contradiction	A boy swims shirtless with a black and red bathing suit while a seagull sits on the sand .	A boy swims bare while a seagull eats his peanut butter sandwich .
contradiction	Cars and people are outboard of `` Hotel Carmel . ''	The hotel stands empty and abandoned with no one in site .
contradiction	Cars and people are outboard of `` Hotel Carmel . ''	The hotel stands hollow and abandoned with no one in site .
contradiction	Cars and people are exterior of `` Hotel Carmel . ''	The hotel stands hollow and abandoned with no one in site .
contradiction	A boy in an orange `` Spring Hill '' ball team uniform , pitch the ball .	A daughter plays basketball .
contradiction	A boy in an orange `` Spring Hill '' ball team uniformed , pitch the ball .	A daughter plays basketball .
contradiction	A boy in an orange `` Spring Hill '' ball team uniforms , pitching the ball .	A girls plays basketball .
contradiction	Two men are running down a pathway and carry a motorboat .	The masculine are paddle a canoeing down a river
contradiction	Two masculine are running down a routes and carrying a rowboat .	The masculine are paddling a rowboat down a river
contradiction	Two man are running down a route and carry a skiff .	The men are paddling a canoe down a river
contradiction	Two women are speaking to each other , one sitting and facing away , while the other is standing in a white office .	The female are not discussions to each other .
contradiction	Two woman are speaking to each other , one sitting and facing away , while the other is standing in a white office .	The woman are not conversations to each other .
contradiction	Two female are speaking to each other , one sitting and facing away , while the other is standing in a white office .	The female are not talking to each other .
contradiction	A female wearing a yellow jacket ski down a snowy hill .	A women is doing arithmetic at home .
contradiction	A women wearing a yellow jacket skis down a snowy hill .	A women is doing arithmetic at home .
contradiction	A women wearing a yellow jacket ski down a snowy hill .	A females is doing arithmetic at home .
contradiction	Two adolescents daughters , one wearing a pink jacket and the other in a dark-colored jacket , are play in the snowy and having a snowball fights in a clearing exterior of a wooded zone .	Two daughter are sleeping
contradiction	Two teenager girls , one wearing a pink jacket and the other in a dark-colored jacket , are playing in the snowy and having a snowball fight in a clearing outer of a wooded spheres .	Two girl are sleeping
contradiction	Two children girls , one wearing a pink jacket and the other in a dark-colored jacket , are play in the snow and having a snowball struggles in a clearing outer of a wooded zone .	Two daughters are sleeping
contradiction	Two followers are cheering at a athletes events .	Three gals are doing their makeup .
contradiction	Two fans are cheers at a sportsmen event .	Three gals are doing their makeup .
contradiction	Two followers are cheers at a athlete events .	Three gals are doing their makeup .
contradiction	A man and a teenager are laughing at each other .	A masculine is conversation on the telephone while his youth sons is asleep .
contradiction	A masculine and a teenaged are laugh at each other .	A mens is conversations on the telephone while his adolescents son is asleep .
contradiction	A masculine and a youths are laughing at each other .	A males is talking on the phone while his miner son is asleep .
contradiction	A wet dog shaking off excess water in a field .	The man eats pants
contradiction	A wet dog shaking off excess water in a field .	The mens eats pants
contradiction	A wet dog shaking off excess water in a field .	The mens eats pants
contradiction	A massive panels of demonstrators are walking down the street with signs .	The panel of protestors are ordering icing cream in a boutique .
contradiction	A large grouping of protesters are walking down the street with signs .	The groups of demonstrators are order ice cream in a boutique .
contradiction	A jumbo groups of protestors are walking down the street with signs .	The panel of demonstrators are orders frosting cream in a store .
contradiction	A person swim in a swim pool .	a person is trying not to get wet
contradiction	A persons swim in a swimming pool .	a person is trying not to get wet
contradiction	A individuals swimming in a swimming pool .	a persons is trying not to get wet
contradiction	A boy with no shirt is standing in water .	The boy is sitting on the couch .
contradiction	A boy with no shirt is standing in water .	The boy is sitting on the couch .
contradiction	A boy with no shirt is standing in water .	The boy is sitting on the couch .
contradiction	An aged women tending to a garden .	The dame is cooks dinner
contradiction	An outdated woman tending to a garden .	The dame is cook dinner
contradiction	An antiquated females tending to a garden .	The lady is cooks dinner
contradiction	GEntleman sketching on brown paper at Christmas .	The women drew on canvas .
contradiction	GEntleman sketching on brown paper at Christmas .	The woman drew on canvas .
contradiction	GEntleman sketching on brown paper at Christmas .	The women drew on canvas .
contradiction	The blue kayak is being ridden over a small waterfall .	A red kyak is being ridden .
contradiction	The blue kayak is being ridden over a petite waterfall .	A red kyak is being ridden .
contradiction	The blue kayak is being ridden over a small waterfall .	A red kyak is being ridden .
contradiction	The blue kayak is being ridden over a small waterfall .	A guy is working out in the gym .
contradiction	The blue kayak is being ridden over a small waterfall .	A guy is working out in the gym .
contradiction	The blue kayak is being ridden over a little waterfall .	A guy is working out in the gym .
contradiction	Two men with negro spectacles are holding food , one appears to be eating .	A group of woman is drinking vineyard .
contradiction	Two mens with negro spectacles are holding food , one appears to be eating .	A group of woman is drinking wine .
contradiction	Two mens with black spectacles are holding food , one appears to be eating .	A panel of women is drinking wines .
contradiction	A males in a green shirt and dark underclothes and carrying a truly jumbo pot turns around to talk to 3 other people .	Nobody has a shirt on
contradiction	A mens in a green shirt and dark breeches and carry a truly hefty pot turns around to talk to 3 other people .	Nobody has a shirt on
contradiction	A mens in a green shirt and dark pants and carrying a really big pot turns around to talk to 3 other people .	Nobody has a shirt on
contradiction	A busy street with numerous people interacting and going about their lives .	The street is calm and calm .
contradiction	A busy street with different people interacting and going approximately their lives .	The street is calm and composure .
contradiction	A busy street with varying people interacting and going approximately their lives .	The street is tranquil and placid .
contradiction	Two ladies in match dresses and shoe , both wearing straw hats pulled down over their confront , are napping on a bench next to a rolling baggage .	two ladies jumping for joy
contradiction	Two ladies in match dresses and shoe , both wearing straw hats pulled down over their confronts , are napping on a bench next to a rolling suitcase .	two ladies jumping for joy
contradiction	Two ladies in matches dresses and footwear , both wearing straw hats pulled down over their confront , are napping on a bench next to a rolling baggage .	two ladies jumping for joy
contradiction	A individuals in eyeglasses , a scarf , a shirt , and jeans is walking outside .	A persons laying down
contradiction	A persons in goggles , a scarf , a shirt , and jeans is walking outdoor .	A individuals laying down
contradiction	A person in spectacles , a scarf , a shirt , and jeans is walking outdoor .	A individuals laying down
contradiction	Man sitting on a bench , reading a book .	A men is going for a run .
contradiction	Man sitting on a bench , reading a book .	A men is going for a run .
contradiction	Man sitting on a bench , reading a book .	A males is going for a run .
contradiction	A woman in an office making a phone call	A female is slept in an elevator .
contradiction	A woman in an office making a cellphones call	A female is sleeping in an lifts .
contradiction	A woman in an office making a phone call	A women is slumber in an silo .
contradiction	The large white poultry grazes the water .	The bird is in a tiny cage
contradiction	The gigantic white bird grazes the water .	The bird is in a tiny cage
contradiction	The big white bird grazes the water .	The bird is in a tiny cage
contradiction	A female with long hairstyle pointing her camera skyward as she stands on a brick wall .	A female is holding a hot dog , sitting on a brick wall .
contradiction	A females with lengthy hair pointing her camera skyward as she stands on a brick wall .	A women is holding a hot dog , sitting on a brick wall .
contradiction	A woman with lengthy hairdo pointing her camera skyward as she stands on a brick wall .	A women is holding a hot dog , sitting on a brick wall .
contradiction	Two males wearing dingy blue sportswear are doing their job on a boats .	Two male are drives a motors in a forest .
contradiction	Two males wearing dingy blue garment are doing their job on a investigate .	Two male are drive a motor in a forester .
contradiction	Two mens wearing dingy blue garments are doing their job on a vessels .	Two man are driving a vehicles in a forest .
contradiction	An elders females and a teenaged males investigate their bingo cards .	A youthful women and older males are play poker .
contradiction	An elderly women and a young man exploring their lotto cards .	A underage women and archaic men are playing poker .
contradiction	An elderly female and a minors men explorer their bingo valentines .	A smaller women and elder men are playing poker .
contradiction	A dame in a dark coat is sitting with numerous people around her .	A women is standing with her back to a dog .
contradiction	A lady in a dark coat is sitting with different people around her .	A female is standing with her back to a dog .
contradiction	A dame in a dark coat is sitting with myriad people around her .	A woman is standing with her back to a dog .
contradiction	A moving truck with a ramp still attached .	A moving truck being disassembled .
contradiction	A moving truck with a ramp still attach .	A moving truck being disassembled .
contradiction	A moving truck with a ramp still attached .	A moving truck being dismantled .
contradiction	A females softball player wearing blue and red crouches in the infield , wait for the next playing .	the player is flying planes
contradiction	A woman softball player wearing blue and red crouches in the infield , waiting for the next playing .	the player is flying planes
contradiction	A women softball player wearing blue and red crouches in the infield , wait for the next play .	the player is flying planes
contradiction	A boy taking a shot while his team watches anxiously .	A boy is on his cycling .
contradiction	A boy taking a shot while his team clocks anxiously .	A boy is on his cyclist .
contradiction	A boy taking a shot while his team clocks anxiously .	A boy is on his motorbike .
contradiction	Two age male in companies attire are walking in a town , text graffiti is visible on the pavement .	They propel themselves down the street with rockets
contradiction	Two seniors man in businesses garb are walking in a city , texts graffiti is visible on the sidewalk .	They propel themselves down the street with rockets
contradiction	Two elderly mens in business frock are walking in a town , texts graffiti is visible on the sidewalk .	They propel themselves down the street with rockets
contradiction	A males laying down in medium of street during mammoth traffic .	The traffic was not to bad today the guy made it home early and took a nap .
contradiction	A mens laying down in media of street during jumbo traffic .	The traffic was not to bad today the guy made it home early and took a nap .
contradiction	A males laying down in mid of street during mammoth traffic .	The traffic was not to bad today the guy made it home early and took a nap .
contradiction	3 Olympic winners posing for a photography on an announced background	Some daughters are watching cartoons .
contradiction	3 Olympic winners posing for a images on an announces background	Some daughter are watching comics .
contradiction	3 Olympic winners posing for a photographing on an ad background	Some daughter are watching comics .
contradiction	Two masculine working in a petite mills .	Two females having lunch .
contradiction	Two men working in a petite factory .	Two female having lunch .
contradiction	Two men working in a small factory .	Two females having lunch .
contradiction	A cowboy riding a horse at a rodeo .	cowboy feeding his horse
contradiction	A cowboy riding a equestrian at a rodeo .	cowboy feeding his horse
contradiction	A cowboy riding a equestrian at a rodeo .	cowboy feeding his horse
contradiction	A man in summer apparel snowboarding on thin snowy .	A male is bundle up against the frigid as he ski .
contradiction	A man in summer sportswear snowboard on thin snowy .	A males is bundle up against the colder as he skis .
contradiction	A masculine in summer garments skiing on thin snowy .	A men is bundle up against the icy as he ski .
contradiction	People in chairs around a table	The people are climbing a mountain .
contradiction	People in chairs around a table	The people are climbing a mountain .
contradiction	People in chair around a table	The people are climb a mountain .
contradiction	A individuals rides up a restrained street on a bicycle , past a spray-painted sign of a hand giving the peace sign .	A individuals riding a skateboard down a steep hill .
contradiction	A person rides up a restrained street on a motorbikes , past a spray-painted sign of a hand giving the peace sign .	A individuals riding a skateboard down a steep hill .
contradiction	A persons rides up a restricted street on a motorcycle , past a spray-painted sign of a hand giving the peace sign .	A person riding a skateboard down a steep hill .
contradiction	A women in a yellow shirt is carrying two full red grocery bags .	A dame is taking a bath
contradiction	A females in a yellow shirt is carry two full red grocery bags .	A dame is taking a bath
contradiction	A woman in a yellow shirt is carry two full red grocery handbags .	A dame is taking a bath
contradiction	A small boy is standing in front of a wedding parties laugh .	The petite boy is laying on his head .
contradiction	A petite boy is standing in front of a married parties laughing .	The petite boy is laying on his head .
contradiction	A little boy is standing in front of a matrimony party laugh .	The small boy is laying on his head .
contradiction	A boy in a blue jacket rides a skateboard down the street .	A blue jacketed boy is standing in football field .
contradiction	A boy in a blue jacket rides a skateboarding down the street .	A blue jacketed boy is standing in football field .
contradiction	A boy in a blue jacket rides a skateboard down the street .	A blue jacketed boy is standing in football field .
contradiction	Two people crossed by each other while kite surf .	There is one individuals outdoors .
contradiction	Two people cross by each other while kite surfing .	There is one persons outdoors .
contradiction	Two people crossed by each other while kite surfer .	There is one individuals outdoors .
contradiction	A men in a whiskey red shirt casts his fishing line out into the water .	A men is playing golfer with his friends .
contradiction	A males in a whiskey red shirt casts his fishing line out into the water .	A male is play golf with his friends .
contradiction	A males in a scotch red shirt casts his fishing line out into the water .	A males is play golf with his friends .
contradiction	A masculine in a purple jersey is falling down while hunting a player in a green jersey play soccer	They give up and walk off the field
contradiction	A male in a purple jersey is falling down while hunted a player in a green jersey play soccer	They give up and walk off the field
contradiction	A males in a purple jersey is falling down while chases a player in a green jersey playing soccer	They give up and walk off the field
contradiction	A mens in green kick a soccer ball while a man in purple and white is falling down .	A mens in green threw his soccer ball at the dog .
contradiction	A males in green kick a soccer ball while a masculine in purple and white is falling down .	A mens in green threw his soccer ball at the dog .
contradiction	A males in green kick a soccer ball while a mens in purple and white is falling down .	A males in green threw his soccer ball at the dog .
contradiction	A masculine in a suit with gold buttons and a name tagged gestures with his hands as he speaks to another male in a garb shirt who is holding a beverage in a glass .	A masculine in a suit with gold bricks and a name labeling gestures with his hands
contradiction	A males in a suit with gold buttons and a name etiquette gestures with his hands as he speaks to another male in a garb shirt who is holding a beverage in a glass .	A men in a suit with gold bricks and a name tagging gestures with his hands
contradiction	A masculine in a suit with gold buttons and a name labeling gestures with his hands as he speaks to another males in a dress shirt who is holding a beverage in a glass .	A man in a suit with gold bricks and a name tag gestures with his hands
contradiction	A man and a women are standing at the side of an inflatable climb structure .	A man and a women are seated
contradiction	A males and a female are standing at the side of an inflatable climbing structure .	A male and a woman are seated
contradiction	A males and a woman are standing at the side of an inflatable climb structure .	A males and a female are seated
contradiction	a girls wearing pink pulls weeds .	She is indoors .
contradiction	a girl wearing pink pulls weeds .	She is indoors .
contradiction	a girl wearing pink pulls weeds .	She is indoors .
contradiction	A small daughters with short brown hairdo is pushing a pink scooter over grass with brown leaves with threes in the background	The girl is on a beach .
contradiction	A petite girl with short brown hairstyle is pushing a pink scooter over grass with brown leaves with threes in the background	The girl is on a beach .
contradiction	A little girl with short brown hair is pushing a pink scooter over grass with brown leaves with threes in the background	The girls is on a beach .
contradiction	people looking at dirty water .	A mountain is full of snowy .
contradiction	people searching at dirty water .	A mountain is full of snowy .
contradiction	people looking at dirty water .	A mountain is full of snow .
contradiction	A number of cute asia minor play tambourines	A groups of cute Asian kids are playing trumpets
contradiction	A number of cute asian children play tambourines	A panels of cute Asian children are play trumpets
contradiction	A number of cute asian kids playing tambourines	A grouping of cute Asian kids are play trumpets
contradiction	Family sitting down in a field of grass while others walk by .	No one is sitting in the field of grass .
contradiction	Family sitting down in a field of grass while others walk by .	No one is sitting in the field of grass .
contradiction	Family sitting down in a field of grass while others walk by .	No one is sitting in the field of grass .
contradiction	A variety of people are sitting around a stories doing craft project .	The people are wrangle roughly political .
contradiction	A variety of people are sitting around a tale doing craft project .	The people are bickering approximately political .
contradiction	A variety of people are sitting around a stories doing craft projects .	The people are bickering roughly political .
contradiction	Two miners boys playing with ducks near the water .	Two minors boys are play at home
contradiction	Two juveniles boys playing with ducks near the water .	Two child boys are play at home
contradiction	Two teenaged boys playing with ducks near the water .	Two youngsters boys are play at home
contradiction	A chipmunk stands on its hind legs in the grass at the edge of a route .	A squirrel is sleep in the trees .
contradiction	A squirrel stands on its hind legs in the grass at the edge of a routing .	A squirrel is slumber in the tree .
contradiction	A squirrel stands on its hind legs in the grass at the edge of a paths .	A chipmunk is sleeping in the tree .
contradiction	A masculine wearing red swim trunks and a red swimming ceilings is dives off a cliff .	The man is attempting suicide .
contradiction	A mens wearing red swim trunks and a red swim ceiling is diving off a cliff .	The males is attempting suicide .
contradiction	A masculine wearing red swimming trunks and a red swimming chaps is diving off a cliff .	The man is attempting suicide .
contradiction	A men wearing red swimming trunks and a red swimming ceiling is dive off a cliff .	A man in blue trunks is sitting on the cliff .
contradiction	A masculine wearing red swimming trunks and a red swimming chap is dives off a cliff .	A males in blue trunks is sitting on the cliff .
contradiction	A mens wearing red swimming trunks and a red swimming cap is dive off a cliff .	A men in blue trunks is sitting on the cliff .
contradiction	A little girl wearing a yellow dress is sitting on the white rocks .	A petite daughter is wearing a pink garb .
contradiction	A petite daughter wearing a yellow dress is sitting on the white rocks .	A petite daughters is wearing a pink attire .
contradiction	A petite girl wearing a yellow dress is sitting on the white rocks .	A small daughters is wearing a pink attire .
contradiction	Two people kickboxing , with others spectating .	Two people ticking each other
contradiction	Two people kickboxing , with others spectating .	Two people ticking each other
contradiction	Two people kickboxing , with others spectating .	Two people ticking each other
contradiction	One differing is fishing by a river with some buildings in the background while another male next to him is roughly to get a drank from the bottle next to him .	A man is in the desert
contradiction	One differing is fishing by a river with some buildings in the background while another mens next to him is approximately to get a drink from the bottle next to him .	A male is in the desert
contradiction	One multiple is fishing by a river with some buildings in the background while another masculine next to him is roughly to get a drink from the bottle next to him .	A masculine is in the desert
contradiction	A man wearing a blue jacket fishing in a river having a talking with his friend with no shirt .	Guys at a campsite , building a fire .
contradiction	A males wearing a blue jacket fishing in a river having a conversations with his friend with no shirt .	Guys at a camping , building a fire .
contradiction	A mens wearing a blue jacket fishing in a river having a conversations with his friend with no shirt .	Guys at a campsite , building a fire .
contradiction	A males and a females sitting down laughing .	The man and woman are mad at each other .
contradiction	A men and a females sitting down laugh .	The masculine and female are mad at each other .
contradiction	A man and a woman sitting down laugh .	The men and female are mad at each other .
contradiction	A news crew in rain blazers standing in front of line of policing inscription outboard of a residence .	A news crew 's van has broken down , so they deciding to stay home .
contradiction	A news crew in rain jerseys standing in front of line of policing recordings outside of a residence .	A news crew 's van has broken down , so they deciding to stay home .
contradiction	A news crew in rain jerseys standing in front of line of cops inscription exterior of a residence .	A news crew 's van has broken down , so they decide to stay home .
contradiction	A boy in blue shorts and a t-shirt is prepared to hit a tennis ball with a racket .	A boy wearing green shorts and a green t-shirt runs on a track .
contradiction	A boy in blue shorts and a t-shirt is braced to hit a tennis ball with a racket .	A boy wearing green shorts and a green t-shirt runs on a track .
contradiction	A boy in blue shorts and a t-shirt is poised to hit a tennis ball with a racket .	A boy wearing green shorts and a green t-shirt runs on a track .
contradiction	Women is petite tops and skirts pose for the camera .	The females are wearing post-it notes and leaves and running through the woods .
contradiction	Women is small tops and skirts pose for the camera .	The female are wearing post-it notes and leaves and running through the lumber .
contradiction	Women is petite tops and skirts pose for the camera .	The females are wearing post-it notes and leaves and running through the wood .
contradiction	A women in black examination a voicemail as she walks to work .	The female in black is not walking to work .
contradiction	A females in negro reviewing a message as she walks to work .	The females in negro is not walking to work .
contradiction	A woman in black review a voicemail as she walks to work .	The woman in black is not walking to work .
contradiction	Five female with red and black halter tops and red and black miniskirts wearing red and white shoes .	Five female wearing red formally ball robes are standing together .
contradiction	Five females with red and black halter tops and red and black miniskirts wearing red and white footwear .	Five females wearing red official ball robes are standing together .
contradiction	Five female with red and black halter tops and red and negro miniskirts wearing red and white shoes .	Five women wearing red official ball gowns are standing together .
contradiction	cheerleaders pose for the camera .	The cheerleaders are not posing .
contradiction	cheerleaders pose for the camera .	The cheerleaders are not posing .
contradiction	cheerleaders pose for the camera .	The cheerleaders are not posing .
contradiction	Three women , one a minor , one adolescent grownups , and one middle-aged at delicatessen .	A panel of women are cleaning a houses .
contradiction	Three woman , one a smaller , one youths grownups , and one middle-aged at delicatessen .	A panel of female are cleanliness a houses .
contradiction	Three females , one a minors , one juveniles grownup , and one middle-aged at delicatessen .	A groups of female are cleanliness a homes .
contradiction	A females and small girls look into a display cases .	A women is sitting alone on a couch with no other humanity around .
contradiction	A females and small daughter look into a display cases .	A female is sitting alone on a couch with no other humanity around .
contradiction	A females and little daughters look into a display case .	A woman is sitting alone on a couch with no other mankind around .
contradiction	A masculine alone crosscountry skis in the wilderness while wearing a enormous satchel .	The males is seated
contradiction	A man alone crosscountry ski in the wilderness while wearing a big sac .	The male is seated
contradiction	A masculine alone crosscountry skis in the wilderness while wearing a overwhelming purses .	The mens is seated
contradiction	A photographs is taking pictures of a hockey games , but he is protects itself from harm by wearing a helmet .	A photographing is taking x-rays of a hockey game
contradiction	A photograph is taking image of a hockey games , but he is protective himself from harm by wearing a helmet .	A photos is taking x-rays of a hockey game
contradiction	A image is taking photographs of a hockey games , but he is protecting itself from harm by wearing a helmet .	A photography is taking x-rays of a hockey game
contradiction	Two dogs wearing muzzles are running .	two dogs are eating
contradiction	Two dogs wearing muzzles are running .	two dogs are eating
contradiction	Two dogs wearing muzzles are running .	two dogs are eating
contradiction	construction worker working on a structure	A males is working on a computer .
contradiction	construction worker working on a structure	A mens is working on a computer .
contradiction	construction worker working on a structure	A mens is working on a computers .
contradiction	A crowd gathers and watches a bonfire .	A crowd gathers to watch a street performer .
contradiction	A crowd gathers and clocks a bonfire .	A crowd gathers to watch a street performer .
contradiction	A crowd gathers and watches a bonfire .	A crowd gathers to watch a street performer .
contradiction	A pro-baseball pitcher sends a curve ball to his adversary while varied enthusiasts relaxed and enjoy the game .	A men is juggling baseballs while followers look on upset
contradiction	A pro-baseball pitcher shipment a curve ball to his adversary while varying enthusiasts relaxing and enjoy the game .	A male is juggling baseballs while fans look on upset
contradiction	A pro-baseball pitcher sent a curve ball to his adversary while myriad fans relaxed and enjoy the games .	A males is juggling baseballs while fans look on upset
contradiction	A panel of people sitting around a table eating food .	A persons eats a television dinner while sitting on the couch .
contradiction	A panel of people sitting around a tables eating food .	A individuals eats a televisions dinner while sitting on the couch .
contradiction	A panel of people sitting around a tables eating food .	A person eats a television dinner while sitting on the couch .
contradiction	A boy in a hat and eyeglasses is play a guitar .	A boy is playing piano .
contradiction	A boy in a hat and spectacles is playing a guitar .	A boy is playing piano .
contradiction	A boy in a hat and sunglasses is playing a guitar .	A boy is playing piano .
contradiction	City street crowded with sport fans wearing orange .	The sporting followers are wearing yellow .
contradiction	City street crowded with sportsmen followers wearing orange .	The athletic enthusiasts are wearing yellow .
contradiction	City street crowded with sports fans wearing orange .	The athletic followers are wearing yellow .
contradiction	A women playing with playing equipment while a teenagers looks on .	Child blows up a balloon .
contradiction	A female playing with play equipment while a juveniles looks on .	Child blows up a balloon .
contradiction	A women playing with playing equipment while a minor looks on .	Child blows up a balloon .
contradiction	Two little boys attired in tuxedos sitting on a red carpeted floor .	Two petite boys draw picturees of tree outside in the grass .
contradiction	Two little boys attired in tuxedos sitting on a red carpeted floor .	Two little boys draw picturees of tree exterior in the grass .
contradiction	Two small boys dressed in tuxedos sitting on a red carpeted floor .	Two small boys draw picturees of tree exterior in the grass .
contradiction	A masculine in a red bourbon shirt using a bull horn to talk to a crowd of people .	a men in an hollow park
contradiction	A men in a red scotland shirt using a bull horn to talk to a crowd of people .	a male in an hollow park
contradiction	A males in a red scotland shirt using a bull horn to talk to a crowd of people .	a male in an hollow park
contradiction	An asia juveniles wearing a white shirt with black stripes is sitting on the steps with his face rest on his hand .	The teenager is sliding down the railing .
contradiction	An asian adolescents wearing a white shirt with black stripes is sitting on the steps with his face rest on his hand .	The young is sliding down the railing .
contradiction	An asian youthful wearing a white shirt with black stripes is sitting on the steps with his face rest on his hand .	The kid is sliding down the railing .
contradiction	A family walking with a soldier .	The barber cuts a male 's hairstyle .
contradiction	A families walking with a soldier .	The barber cuts a man 's hair .
contradiction	A families walking with a serviceman .	The barber cuts a men 's hairdo .
contradiction	A daughters jumping high off of the sand .	The daughter is jog on the beach .
contradiction	A girl jumping high off of the sand .	The daughter is jogging on the beach .
contradiction	A girl jumping high off of the sand .	The daughters is jogging on the beach .
contradiction	Man slumber in a couch in a sitting stance wearing a blue jeans and a plaided shirt	The masculine is sitting there watching tv
contradiction	Man sleeping in a couch in a sitting stance wearing a blue jeans and a plaided shirt	The mens is sitting there watching tv
contradiction	Man sleeping in a couch in a sitting position wearing a blue jeans and a plaided shirt	The males is sitting there watching tv
contradiction	A photographic of an artwork that depicts a man being flown by birds that is in font of a construction spheres .	The photography is of a men riding on a dinosaur 's back .
contradiction	A photographer of an artwork that depicts a males being flown by birds that is in font of a construction area .	The photographer is of a men riding on a dinosaur 's back .
contradiction	A photos of an artwork that depicts a male being flown by birds that is in font of a construction area .	The pictures is of a masculine riding on a dinosaur 's back .
contradiction	A gentleman with his eyes closed playing an senior fluglehorn into a microphone .	A dame with her eyes closed play an elder fluglehorn into a mics .
contradiction	A gentlemen with his eyes closed play an elders fluglehorn into a microphone .	A lady with her eyes closed play an aged fluglehorn into a mics .
contradiction	A gentleman with his eyes closed play an elder fluglehorn into a mics .	A dame with her eyes closed playing an ancient fluglehorn into a microphone .
contradiction	A women wearing a red helmet is holding a rope and smiling .	A women acrobat is walking across a tightrope at the circus .
contradiction	A woman wearing a red helmet is holding a rope and smiling .	A women acrobat is walking across a tightrope at the circus .
contradiction	A woman wearing a red helmet is holding a rope and smiling .	A females acrobat is walking across a tightrope at the circus .
contradiction	A male with a pinstriped shirt and tan slacks adjustment his tie while searching at a apple notebooks computer .	A female adjusts her bra
contradiction	A males with a pinstriped shirt and tan breeches change his tie while looking at a apple mobiles computers .	A woman adjusts her bra
contradiction	A mens with a pinstriped shirt and tan panties changed his tie while searches at a apple laptop computer .	A females adjusts her bra
contradiction	Man is shaving in the mirror .	The men has no facial hairstyle .
contradiction	Man is shave in the mirrored .	The males has no facial hair .
contradiction	Man is shaving in the mirrors .	The male has no facial hair .
contradiction	a boy in a blue uniform is standing next to a boy in red and a boy in yellow and they are holding baseball gloves .	The three boys swing baseball bats
contradiction	a boy in a blue uniformed is standing next to a boy in red and a boy in yellow and they are holding baseball gloves .	The three boys swing baseball bats
contradiction	a boy in a blue uniform is standing next to a boy in red and a boy in yellow and they are holding baseball gloves .	The three boys swing baseball bats
contradiction	a boy in a blue uniforms is standing next to a boy in red and a boy in yellow and they are holding baseball gloves .	Three boys playing volleyball as others watch them .
contradiction	a boy in a blue uniforms is standing next to a boy in red and a boy in yellow and they are holding baseball gloves .	Three boys play volleyball as others watch them .
contradiction	a boy in a blue uniform is standing next to a boy in red and a boy in yellow and they are holding baseball gloves .	Three boys play volleyball as others watch them .
contradiction	Two construction workers climb the steel ribbed outer of a newest building at their work site .	The workers are making coffee inner .
contradiction	Two construction workers climbing the steel ribbed outdoor of a newer building at their work site .	The workers are making coffee internal .
contradiction	Two construction workers climb the steel ribbed outboard of a novel building at their work site .	The workers are making coffee interior .
contradiction	Construction workers use cable to hang from the sides of buildings .	Construction workers are having fun smashing windows .
contradiction	Construction workers use wired to hang from the sides of buildings .	Construction workers are having fun smashing windows .
contradiction	Construction workers use wired to hang from the sides of buildings .	Construction workers are having fun smashing windows .
contradiction	Violin soloists take the stages during the orchestra 's opening show at the theatre .	People are play the harmonica while standing on a roof .
contradiction	Violin soloists take the stage during the orchestra 's opened show at the theatre .	People are playing the harmonica while standing on a roof .
contradiction	Violin soloists take the stages during the orchestra 's open show at the theaters .	People are playing the harmonica while standing on a roof .
contradiction	Two people climbing up some sort of wore structure .	Two people take a investigation to the moon
contradiction	Two people climbing up some sorted of wore structure .	Two people take a navigate to the moon
contradiction	Two people climb up some sorting of wore structure .	Two people take a explores to the moon
contradiction	Two man with tan hats working in a garden .	The females in dainty dresses look out over the farm .
contradiction	Two mens with tan hats working in a garden .	The women in dainty dresses look out over the farm .
contradiction	Two masculine with tan hats working in a garden .	The women in dainty dresses look out over the farm .
contradiction	A groups of four youth poke at two little turtles in the grass .	A panel of grownup went to the blackjack .
contradiction	A panel of four adolescence poke at two little tortoise in the grass .	A panels of adult went to the blackjack .
contradiction	A panels of four minors poke at two small tortoise in the grass .	A panels of grownup went to the blackjack .
contradiction	Children are petting small turtles in the grass .	The sea turtles are inland the aquarium .
contradiction	Children are petting petite turtles in the grass .	The sea turtle are inside the aquarium .
contradiction	Children are petting small turtles in the grass .	The sea turtles are inner the aquarium .
contradiction	A females with green organ painted is holding a green and blue hula hoop while her friend -LRB- also in blue and green -RRB- watches .	A female is paintings with yellow bodies paints .
contradiction	A woman with green bodies paint is holding a green and blue hula hoop while her friend -LRB- also in blue and green -RRB- watches .	A women is painted with yellow agency painting .
contradiction	A women with green organs painted is holding a green and blue hula hoop while her friend -LRB- also in blue and green -RRB- clocks .	A female is paintings with yellow bodies painted .
contradiction	Two green painting females perform for a crowd of bystanders .	Irises blooming paisley .
contradiction	Two green painting women perform for a crowd of onlookers .	Irises bloom paisley .
contradiction	Two green painted female perform for a crowd of onlookers .	Irises bloom paisley .
contradiction	A ma and girls walk along the side of a bridges .	A mummy and girl are eating spaghetti in a kitchen .
contradiction	A mama and girls walk along the side of a bridge .	A mam and girls are eating spaghetti in a kitchen .
contradiction	A ma and girls walk along the side of a bridges .	A mummy and daughters are eating spaghetti in a kitchen .
contradiction	The tennis player spikes the tennis ball on the borders line .	A boxer is kayaking .
contradiction	The tennis player spikes the tennis ball on the limit line .	A boxer is kayaking .
contradiction	The tennis player spikes the tennis ball on the boundary line .	A boxer is kayaking .
contradiction	A cops individuals is on a bicycles on the side of a street .	A persons is on a motorcycle .
contradiction	A policing individuals is on a bikes on the side of a street .	A individuals is on a motorcycle .
contradiction	A cops person is on a bicycles on the side of a street .	A individuals is on a bike .
contradiction	A policing persons is on a cycle on the side of a street .	The firemen is sitting in his truck .
contradiction	A police persons is on a motorbike on the side of a street .	The firemen is sitting in his truck .
contradiction	A police person is on a bicycling on the side of a street .	The firefighter is sitting in his truck .
contradiction	three dogs run through the grass .	Three dogs sleeping in the shade of an archaic tree .
contradiction	three dogs run through the grass .	Three dogs slept in the shade of an antiquated tree .
contradiction	three dogs run through the grass .	Three dogs slumber in the shade of an elder tree .
contradiction	Two girls are kneeling on the ground .	Two daughter stand around the vending machines .
contradiction	Two daughters are kneeling on the ground .	Two daughters stand around the vending machines .
contradiction	Two girl are kneeling on the ground .	Two daughters stand around the vending machines .
contradiction	A drunken searching women is hugging a drunk search male .	A teens boy and girls embrace in front of ape at the zoo .
contradiction	A drunk searching women is hugging a drunken searches man .	A underage boy and girls embrace in front of chimpanzee at the zoo .
contradiction	A drunk searches females is hugging a drunk search male .	A teenagers boy and daughter embrace in front of monkeys at the animal .
contradiction	A grouping of Amish people , men and female , standing at a fences overlooking a forests and river .	The Amish grouping are running through a field .
contradiction	A panel of Amish people , male and woman , standing at a fencing overlooking a forester and river .	The Amish grouping are running through a field .
contradiction	A grouping of Amish people , males and woman , standing at a fence overlooking a forest and river .	The Amish group are running through a field .
contradiction	A masculine from one football team trying to dodge a tackle from a player from the opposed football team .	A men throws the first pitching in a baseball games .
contradiction	A masculine from one football team trying to dodge a tackle from a player from the opposing football team .	A men throws the first pitching in a baseball game .
contradiction	A males from one football team trying to dodge a tackling from a player from the oppose football team .	A men throws the first pitch in a baseball game .
contradiction	A boy and a girl stand in a median amongst Mike Huckabee signs .	The boy and daughters stand on the lakeshore .
contradiction	A boy and a girls stand in a median amongst Mike Huckabee signs .	The boy and girl stand on the lakeshore .
contradiction	A boy and a girls stand in a median amongst Mike Huckabee signs .	The boy and girls stand on the lakeshore .
contradiction	A male is hanging sausages in a marketplace .	A female is hanging sausages in a marketplace .
contradiction	A male is hanging sausages in a market .	A woman is hanging sausages in a marketplace .
contradiction	A male is hanging sausages in a market .	A women is hanging sausages in a markets .
contradiction	People dresses in businesses garment are walking by while one males with a tie on is standing still and conversation on his laptop phone .	The people are attired in street apparel .
contradiction	People dresses in ventures garment are walking by while one male with a tie on is standing still and discussions on his mobile phone .	The people are attired in street clothes .
contradiction	People dresses in corporations apparel are walking by while one man with a tie on is standing still and talking on his laptops telephones .	The people are dressed in street clothing .
contradiction	A mens sitting outdoor playing a musical instrument .	The males is standing interior a restaurant .
contradiction	A mens sitting outer play a musical instrument .	The man is standing interior a restaurant .
contradiction	A men sitting outer play a musical instrument .	The masculine is standing inside a restaurant .
contradiction	Boy in plane on bicycle	The boy is afraid to ride his moped so he lets it sit in the garage and collects rust .
contradiction	Boy in aerial on bicycle	The boy is afraid to ride his mopeds so he lets it sit in the garage and collects rust .
contradiction	Boy in jets on bicycle	The boy is afraid to ride his motorbike so he lets it sit in the garage and collected rust .
contradiction	A tattooed woman click on a mouse on a desk .	A tattooed masculine clicking on a mice on a desk .
contradiction	A tattooed females click on a mouse on a desk .	A tattooed males click on a mouse on a desk .
contradiction	A tattooed female click on a mice on a desk .	A tattooed males click on a mice on a desk .
contradiction	A person holds a bunch of brush while walking down a stone paths .	The persons is wading through water .
contradiction	A persons holds a bunch of brush while walking down a stone routes .	The individuals is wading through water .
contradiction	A person holds a bunch of brush while walking down a stone paths .	The person is wading through water .
contradiction	A lady excavation through a garbage can quest to added to the shopping cart beside her .	Lady is making burger for her kids
contradiction	A lady digs through a garbage can searches to add to the shopping cart beside her .	Lady is making burger for her kids
contradiction	A dame dig through a garbage can searching to adding to the shopping cart beside her .	Lady is making burger for her kids
contradiction	A man and women look upward on a town block .	A masculine and females are dive dive .
contradiction	A man and woman look upward on a town block .	A man and females are diving scuba .
contradiction	A male and females look ascending on a town block .	A male and women are dives diving .
contradiction	A men and woman look ascending on a town block .	A male and female are on a sailing .
contradiction	A man and woman look ascending on a town block .	A masculine and females are on a navigator .
contradiction	A mens and women look upward on a city block .	A man and women are on a navigating .
contradiction	The negro women is laying out literature .	The black woman is toasting marshmallows on a bbq grille .
contradiction	The black female is laying out literature .	The black women is toasting marshmallows on a bbq grill .
contradiction	The black women is laying out literature .	The black females is toasting marshmallows on a barbecue grille .
contradiction	A members of the army is walking with a German Shepard while the dog has something in has mouth .	A member of the army practices his sniping skill .
contradiction	A member of the army is walking with a German Shepard while the dog has something in has mouth .	A member of the army practices his sniping abilities .
contradiction	A member of the army is walking with a German Shepard while the dog has something in has mouth .	A members of the army practices his sniping ability .
contradiction	Some automobiles and varying tents are set up at the foot of a mountain .	No one was able to driving to the camp site .
contradiction	Some autos and various tents are set up at the feet of a mountain .	No one was able to drive to the camp site .
contradiction	Some autos and varying tents are set up at the footing of a mountain .	No one was able to drives to the camp site .
contradiction	Four teens boys flexing for the camera .	4 women are dancing
contradiction	Four juveniles boys flexing for the camera .	4 woman are dancing
contradiction	Four kid boys flexing for the camera .	4 female are dancing
contradiction	The firefighting has a hose poised to tackle a vehicles fire .	A firefighters rescuing a cat from a homes fire .
contradiction	The firemen has a hose poised to tackle a motor fire .	A firemen rescuing a cat from a homes fire .
contradiction	The firefighting has a hose poised to tackle a vehicle fire .	A firefighting saved a cat from a houses fire .
contradiction	A man in a black shirt overlooking moped upkeep .	A man destroys a mopeds .
contradiction	A mens in a negro shirt overlooking bicycling upkeep .	A male destroys a moped .
contradiction	A males in a negro shirt overlooking biking maintenance .	A male destroys a moped .
contradiction	Three dogs running through a field .	The dogs are eating
contradiction	Three dogs running through a field .	The dogs are eating
contradiction	Three dogs running through a field .	The dogs are eating
contradiction	A small boy and his father conversation to a man dressed as Santa Claws .	A girls and his father speak to Santa Claus
contradiction	A little boy and his father discussions to a mens dressed as Santa Claws .	A daughter and his fathers speak to Santa Claus
contradiction	A petite boy and his father conversations to a mens dressed as Santa Claws .	A girls and his fathers speak to Santa Claus
contradiction	A masculine is conversations on a laptops while filling his automobiles with gas .	A men order a beer and relaxes .
contradiction	A males is conversation on a notebook while fulfills his motor with gas .	A masculine orders a beer and relaxes .
contradiction	A males is talking on a portable while fulfills his cars with gas .	A males ordering a beer and relaxes .
contradiction	Two men in stiff hats and safety neon vests on scaffolding working outer in the daylight .	A school class visits the museum of modern art .
contradiction	Two man in harsh hats and safety neon vests on scaffolding working exterior in the daytime .	A school class visits the museum of modern art .
contradiction	Two mens in difficult hats and safety neon vests on scaffolding working outside in the daytime .	A school class visits the museum of modern art .
contradiction	A adolescents blond boy is eating cake with a spoon .	a daughters is eating cake
contradiction	A teenager blond boy is eating cake with a spoon .	a girl is eating cake
contradiction	A adolescents blond boy is eating cake with a spoon .	a daughter is eating cake
contradiction	A minor blond juvenile eats chocolate cake with his fingers while holding the spoon in their other hand .	a youngsters is eating vegetables
contradiction	A youthful blond juveniles eats chocolate cake with his fingers while holding the spoon in their other hand .	a teenager is eating vegetables
contradiction	A youths blond child eats chocolate cake with his fingers while holding the spoon in their other hand .	a adolescents is eating vegetables
contradiction	A mens in a arduous hat looks intimidated .	He exclaims that he 's done with this work , sprouts wings , and fly away .
contradiction	A male in a harsh hat looks intimidated .	He exclaims that he 's done with this work , sprouts wings , and flies away .
contradiction	A man in a difficult hat looks intimidated .	He exclaims that he 's done with this work , sprouts wings , and fly away .
contradiction	Six antiquated females are standing in a row at a table smiling and searches trough ledger and other material displayed on the tables .	A masculine and a teenaged boy are playing a game on a comforter on the floor .
contradiction	Six seniors woman are standing in a row at a table smiling and quest trough books and other material displayed on the tables .	A man and a juveniles boy are playing a games on a quilt on the floor .
contradiction	Six senior female are standing in a row at a table smiling and searching trough ledger and other material displayed on the tables .	A mens and a adolescent boy are play a games on a quilt on the floor .
contradiction	An adorable juvenile leaping to block a soccer ball from entering the aim .	A teenager blocks a goal with his hockey stick .
contradiction	An adorable miner leaping to block a soccer ball from entering the purpose .	A juveniles blocks a targeting with his hockey stick .
contradiction	An adorable teenager leaping to block a soccer ball from entering the goals .	A teenaged blocks a targets with his hockey stick .
contradiction	Four individuals are sitting on a petite dock by the water as a inquires sails by .	Four people sitting on a navigation .
contradiction	Four persons are sitting on a small dock by the water as a investigating sails by .	Four people sitting on a navigator .
contradiction	Four persons are sitting on a petite wharf by the water as a yachting sails by .	Four people sitting on a browse .
contradiction	a guy with lengthy hairstyle is making a sand sculpture	A females is snowboard of the mountain .
contradiction	a guy with long hair is making a sand sculpture	A female is snowboard of the mountain .
contradiction	a guy with lengthy hairdo is making a sand sculpture	A female is snowboarding of the mountain .
contradiction	A women 's volleyball team plays in a brown and green coliseum .	A volleyball team is at a beach celebrating .
contradiction	A female 's volleyball team plays in a brown and green colosseum .	A volleyball team is at a beach celebrating .
contradiction	A women 's volleyball team plays in a brown and green colosseum .	A volleyball team is at a beach celebrating .
contradiction	A minor dame toying with her watch .	A woman is fidgeting with her wallet .
contradiction	A teen lady toying with her watch .	A female is fidgeting with her wallet .
contradiction	A child lady toying with her watch .	A women is fidgeting with her wallet .
contradiction	Three workers , with vie vests and tough hats , on a probing hanging from wiring over water .	4 fisher are hanging over the examines , trying to pet the shark
contradiction	Three workers , with lifetime vests and stiff hats , on a ships hanging from wires over water .	4 harvester are hanging over the yachting , trying to pet the shark
contradiction	Three workers , with vie vests and tricky hats , on a navigator hanging from wired over water .	4 fishers are hanging over the examining , trying to pet the shark
contradiction	A woman in a red frock is walking on the pavement .	The female is running through the woods .
contradiction	A women in a red attire is walking on the sidewalk .	The woman is running through the wood .
contradiction	A woman in a red garb is walking on the pavement .	The woman is running through the lumber .
contradiction	Two daughters looking into camera and smiling	The weeping girls have their photos painting .
contradiction	Two girls quest into camera and smiling	The weeping daughter have their photos paints .
contradiction	Two girls looking into camera and smiling	The weeping girls have their image paints .
contradiction	Three adolescents Asian woman walk on a rain soaked street with traffic in the background .	The street is dehydrated .
contradiction	Three youthful Asian women walk on a rain soaked street with traffic in the background .	The street is dehydrated .
contradiction	Three teens Asian females walk on a rain soaked street with traffic in the background .	The street is dry .
contradiction	a woman walking down the street .	A women rides a bicycles .
contradiction	a females walking down the street .	A females rides a cycle .
contradiction	a woman walking down the street .	A women rides a motorbikes .
contradiction	Two young in their pjs .	Two juvenile are wearing bright bathing suits at the oceanic .
contradiction	Two adolescent in their pjs .	Two children are wearing bright bathing suits at the marina .
contradiction	Two smaller in their pjs .	Two teenager are wearing bright bathing suits at the ocean .
contradiction	A woman walking down a crowded sidewalk talking on her mobile .	A females is running on the track .
contradiction	A women walking down a crowded sidewalk talking on her cellphone .	A females is running on the track .
contradiction	A female walking down a crowded sidewalk discussions on her portable .	A females is running on the track .
contradiction	An Indian woman stands in an exterior market .	An American shops at the supermarket .
contradiction	An Indian woman stands in an outer markets .	An American shops at the supermarket .
contradiction	An Indian women stands in an exterior markets .	An American shops at the supermarket .
contradiction	A dame stands outer of a Mexican marketplace .	Cats enjoy taco
contradiction	A lady stands outside of a Mexican market .	Cats enjoy taco
contradiction	A dame stands outer of a Mexican marketplace .	Cats enjoy taco
contradiction	The gentlemen is speaking while the others are listening .	The males is not discussions .
contradiction	The gentlemen is speaking while the others are listening .	The masculine is not talking .
contradiction	The gentleman is speaking while the others are listening .	The masculine is not talking .
contradiction	An outdated female in a white hat and purple and blue cloths is sitting down by a wood building .	The building is brick .
contradiction	An antique females in a white hat and purple and blue cloths is sitting down by a woods building .	The building is brick .
contradiction	An ancient female in a white hat and purple and blue cloths is sitting down by a wooden building .	The building is brick .
contradiction	A masculine wearing a short-sleeved blue shirt and carrying a blue knapsack while using snowy walking sticks treks through the snow with a females wearing a long-sleeved blue shirt and negro trousers also using snow walking sticks .	two mens play with a snowman
contradiction	A mens wearing a short-sleeved blue shirt and carrying a blue knapsack while using snow walking sticks treks through the snowy with a females wearing a long-sleeved blue shirt and negro breeches also using snowy walking sticks .	two men playing with a snowman
contradiction	A man wearing a short-sleeved blue shirt and carry a blue bag while using snow walking sticks treks through the snow with a females wearing a long-sleeved blue shirt and negro trousers also using snowy walking sticks .	two man playing with a snowman
contradiction	A street performer is entertaining a gathered audience with the aided of a teen boy .	A boy is performing on stages .
contradiction	A street performer is entertaining a gathered audience with the helping of a miner boy .	A boy is performing on stage .
contradiction	A street performer is entertaining a gathered audience with the aiding of a underage boy .	A boy is performing on stages .
contradiction	A group of bicycles wearing black .	Some motorcycles wearing white .
contradiction	A panel of bicycling wearing black .	Some bicycles wearing white .
contradiction	A panels of cycle wearing negro .	Some motorcycles wearing white .
contradiction	There is a green rubbish truck in road with a persons sweep sidewalk .	A woman mops .
contradiction	There is a green rubbish truck in route with a person sweep pavement .	A woman mops .
contradiction	There is a green rubbish truck in routes with a person sweeping sidewalk .	A women mops .
contradiction	Young mens drank coffee and read books just outside some buildings on a sunny day ; an senior bearded men in a dark blue shirt glances at a younger men in a striped shirt , who has a red toy crab on the tables next to him .	Gandalf and the red toy crab do tussle in the streets .
contradiction	Young men drank coffee and read books just outdoor some buildings on a sunny day ; an elderly bearded male in a dark blue shirt glances at a cadet male in a striped shirt , who has a red toy crab on the table next to him .	Gandalf and the red toy crabs do combat in the streets .
contradiction	Young men drank coffee and read books just outside some buildings on a sunny day ; an antique bearded men in a dark blue shirt glances at a cadet mens in a striped shirt , who has a red toy crabs on the tables next to him .	Gandalf and the red toy crabs do struggles in the streets .
contradiction	Young man drank coffee and read ledger just outer some buildings on a sunny day ; an seniors bearded masculine in a dark blue shirt glances at a younger men in a striped shirt , who has a red toy crab on the tables next to him .	The elders bearded males is indeed Gandalf the Grey .
contradiction	Young mens drank coffee and read ledger just outer some buildings on a sunny day ; an antique bearded male in a dark blue shirt glances at a cadet male in a striped shirt , who has a red toy crab on the tables next to him .	The senior bearded men is indeed Gandalf the Grey .
contradiction	Young man drink coffee and read ledger just outdoor some buildings on a sunny day ; an seniors bearded man in a dark blue shirt glances at a cadet males in a striped shirt , who has a red toy crabs on the tables next to him .	The elderly bearded masculine is indeed Gandalf the Grey .
contradiction	A groups of masculine are sitting and standing a backyard , some of them are reading ledger and some are talking .	Men are throwing books and discussions outer in a courtyard .
contradiction	A grouping of mens are sitting and standing a courtyard , some of them are reading books and some are conversations .	Men are throwing ledger and discussions exterior in a courtyard .
contradiction	A panel of mens are sitting and standing a courtyard , some of them are reading ledger and some are discussions .	Men are throwing ledger and discussions outdoor in a courtyard .
contradiction	Rose petals being thrown at an asian couple .	A negro couple are eating lunch .
contradiction	Rose petals being thrown at an asian couple .	A negro couple are eating lunch .
contradiction	Rose petals being thrown at an asia couple .	A black couple are eating lunch .
contradiction	A males in a scotland shirt looking through a telescope lens .	the man is wearing a negro shirt
contradiction	A men in a scotch shirt searches through a telescope lenses .	the mens is wearing a negro shirt
contradiction	A males in a whiskey shirt searches through a telescope lenses .	the masculine is wearing a negro shirt
contradiction	Two friends having a laughing .	Two friends are having a picnic .
contradiction	Two friends having a laughing .	Two friends are having a picnic .
contradiction	Two friends having a laughing .	Two friends are having a picnic .
contradiction	A men and a female are laughing .	Two people are crying .
contradiction	A males and a woman are laughing .	Two people are crying .
contradiction	A man and a women are laughing .	Two people are crying .
contradiction	A males is reading a book while sitting on a bench outboard of a bookcase .	A masculine is playing videotape game on his cellphones .
contradiction	A masculine is reading a book while sitting on a bench outside of a bookcase .	A man is playing videotaping game on his telephones .
contradiction	A man is reading a book while sitting on a bench outdoor of a bookcase .	A male is playing videotaping games on his phone .
contradiction	At minimum six persons are on a team wearing helmets and knee pads while rollerblading around a skating rink .	People do n't know how to skate .
contradiction	At less six person are on a team wearing helmets and knee pads while rollerblading around a skate rink .	People do n't know how to skate .
contradiction	At lowest six persons are on a team wearing helmets and knee pads while rollerblading around a skating rink .	People do n't know how to skating .
contradiction	People are shopping around Christmas times for ornaments .	People are purchase firework at a shopkeeper .
contradiction	People are shopping around Christmas period for decorations .	People are purchasing fireworks at a sellers .
contradiction	People are shopping around Christmas hourly for medals .	People are buying firework at a dealer .
contradiction	A shirtless man skateboards on a ledge .	Everybody has a shirt
contradiction	A shirtless mens skateboards on a ledge .	Everybody has a shirt
contradiction	A shirtless man skateboards on a ledge .	Everybody has a shirt
contradiction	A persons is sitting on a yellow picnic table with a water bottle , while a baby stroller sits beside her .	two newborns playing in the grass
contradiction	A individuals is sitting on a yellow picnic table with a water bottle , while a baby stroller sits beside her .	two newborns play in the grass
contradiction	A persons is sitting on a yellow picnic table with a water bottle , while a baby stroller sits beside her .	two newborns playing in the grass
contradiction	A females racer dressed in blue athletics wear is running in a rivalry , while viewers line the street .	There are teenagers in the streets .
contradiction	A female runner dressed in blue sportsman wear is running in a competitions , while spectators line the street .	There are adolescents in the streets .
contradiction	A females runner dressed in blue sportsmen wear is running in a rivalry , while viewers line the street .	There are minor in the streets .
contradiction	Lady wearing brown jacket with brown boots and orange colored scarf is hearing music while sitting in the train .	The lady is reading a book .
contradiction	Lady wearing brown jacket with brown boots and orange colored scarf is tryouts music while sitting in the train .	The dame is reading a book .
contradiction	Lady wearing brown jacket with brown boots and orange colored scarf is tryouts music while sitting in the train .	The lady is reading a book .
contradiction	A yellow automobiles drives across a snowy route .	A red automobiles is drives on a sunny day .
contradiction	A yellow automobiles drive across a snow route .	A red vehicles is driving on a sunny day .
contradiction	A yellow cars driving across a snowy path .	A red vehicular is drives on a sunny day .
contradiction	A guy surfing in a lake or river while a yachting is pulling him	The male is riding a flying surfboard .
contradiction	A guy surfer in a lake or river while a boat is pulling him	The male is riding a flying surfboard .
contradiction	A guy surfing in a lake or river while a boat is pulling him	The man is riding a flying surfboard .
contradiction	A crowd of people stand in street in front of a series of white tents .	A crowd of people are standing at a platform waiting for a train .
contradiction	A crowd of people stand in street in front of a series of white tents .	A crowd of people are standing at a platform wait for a train .
contradiction	A crowd of people stand in street in front of a series of white tents .	A crowd of people are standing at a platform wait for a train .
contradiction	Four people stand in front of trees .	One guy eating lunch in front of a building .
contradiction	Four people stand in front of trees .	One guy eating lunch in front of a building .
contradiction	Four people stand in front of trees .	One guy eating lunch in front of a building .
contradiction	A kid couple and myriad others out enjoying themselves at an outer street events .	No one has attended the outboard street events .
contradiction	A kid couple and various others out enjoying themselves at an outer street event .	No one has attended the outboard street events .
contradiction	A youngsters couple and differing others out enjoying themselves at an outer street events .	No one has attended the outer street events .
contradiction	A boy in a blue shirt plays in a jumping tent .	Here we see a wild boy in his natural enviroment .
contradiction	A boy in a blue shirt plays in a jumping tent .	Here we see a wild boy in his natural enviroment .
contradiction	A boy in a blue shirt plays in a jumping tent .	Here we see a wild boy in his natural enviroment .
contradiction	A females racer dressed in blue athlete wear is running in a competition , while viewers line the street .	The streets are hollow .
contradiction	A females racer clothed in blue athletes wear is running in a contest , while spectators line the street .	The streets are hollow .
contradiction	A females racer dressed in blue athletic wear is running in a competitions , while spectators line the street .	The streets are hollow .
contradiction	Several street car pass by a classical architecture style of Thailand .	The vehicle are drive through an empty field .
contradiction	Several street autos pass by a traditional architecture style of Thailand .	The automobiles are drives through an empty field .
contradiction	Several street vehicular pass by a classical architecture style of Thailand .	The auto are driving through an empty field .
contradiction	Elderly female climbing up the stairs .	The youthful dame was walking down the stairs .
contradiction	Elderly females climb up the stairs .	The youths dame was walking down the stairs .
contradiction	Elderly women climb up the stairs .	The minor lady was walking down the stairs .
contradiction	A panel of brown-haired adolescence doing laundry .	Teens are washes a auto .
contradiction	A panel of brown-haired kids doing laundry .	Teens are wash a vehicular .
contradiction	A group of brown-haired underage doing laundry .	Teens are washes a motors .
contradiction	A adolescent juveniles attired in a scarf , hat , jacket , gloves , panties , and boots , outer play in the snowy .	A teenage plays tapes games indoor .
contradiction	A smaller teenaged dressed in a scarf , hat , jacket , gloves , slacks , and boots , exterior play in the snowy .	A underage plays tapes game internal .
contradiction	A juvenile adolescent clothed in a scarf , hat , jacket , gloves , pants , and boots , outdoor playing in the snowy .	A kid plays video games interior .
contradiction	An aging gentleman in a hat and sunglasses holding a baby who is wrapped in a towel .	An old men is dance at a club .
contradiction	An antique gentleman in a hat and glasses holding a baby who is wrapped in a towel .	An elders men is dancing at a club .
contradiction	An senior gentleman in a hat and eyeglasses holding a baby who is wrapped in a towel .	An antiquated men is dances at a club .
contradiction	A mens in renaissance garment is sitting on a brick wall .	the man is in jeans
contradiction	A man in renaissance garment is sitting on a brick wall .	the men is in jeans
contradiction	A man in renaissance apparel is sitting on a brick wall .	the man is in jeans
contradiction	A panels of people and a dog sitting on the steps .	A panel of dogs are wait for their master .
contradiction	A group of people and a dog sitting on the steps .	A grouping of dogs are wait for their masters .
contradiction	A panel of people and a dog sitting on the steps .	A panels of dogs are waiting for their masters .
contradiction	A female in a blue uniformed , with lengthy curly red-hair , searching at her equestrian avant the race .	The horse is dead .
contradiction	A females in a blue uniforms , with long curly red-hair , searches at her horse before the racing .	The equestrian is dead .
contradiction	A female in a blue uniformed , with lengthy curly red-hair , searching at her horse avant the errand .	The equestrian is dead .
contradiction	The skateboarder is jumping his board in the aviation while another skateboarder watches .	Two guys are rollerblading .
contradiction	The skateboarder is jumping his board in the aircraft while another skateboarder clocks .	Two guys are rollerblading .
contradiction	The skateboarder is jumping his board in the airways while another skateboarder clocks .	Two guys are rollerblading .
contradiction	A bearded men , using a wooden pole , stirs bowl-like objects around in a enormous metallic box filled with water .	A female is putting on mascara .
contradiction	A bearded males , using a woods pole , stirs bowl-like objects around in a large metals box filled with water .	A female is putting on mascara .
contradiction	A bearded men , using a wood poles , stirs bowl-like objects around in a massive metallic box filled with water .	A females is putting on mascara .
contradiction	A farmer tends to his chores .	A farmer sleeps in a hammock .
contradiction	A farmer tends to his chores .	A farmer sleeps in a hammock .
contradiction	A farmer tends to his chores .	A farmer sleeps in a hammock .
contradiction	A guy in a red jacket is skiing in aerial .	A guy is in a hot , sunny place
contradiction	A guy in a red jacket is skiing in aeroplane .	A guy is in a hot , sunny place
contradiction	A guy in a red jacket is snowboard in aircraft .	A guy is in a hot , sunny place
contradiction	A seniors males working at a loom	A teenagers male at the looms .
contradiction	A ancient male working at a loom	A teenage men at the loom .
contradiction	A senior male working at a loom	A adolescent men at the looming .
contradiction	Four woman standing around a yellow table are searching at movable .	A group of male looking at fishing pole .
contradiction	Four woman standing around a yellow tables are searches at laptops .	A group of mens search at fishing poles .
contradiction	Four female standing around a yellow table are searching at laptop .	A grouping of males searches at fishing poles .
contradiction	A children man in a blue hoodie doing a flip off of a half-wall that is cover in graffiti .	A youths masculine in a blue hoodie falls off a half-wall that is painted nicely .
contradiction	A juveniles masculine in a blue hoodie doing a flip off of a half-wall that is covered in graffiti .	A teenaged mens in a blue hoodie falls off a half-wall that is painting nicely .
contradiction	A miners males in a blue hoodie doing a flip off of a half-wall that is cover in graffiti .	A children masculine in a blue hoodie falls off a half-wall that is painting nicely .
contradiction	Many females trying out and search at laptop in a Walmart .	Women are shopping at safeway for lamb chops .
contradiction	Many females trying out and quest at mobiles in a Walmart .	Women are shopping at safeway for lamb chops .
contradiction	Many female trying out and searching at portable in a Walmart .	Women are shopping at safeway for lamb chops .
contradiction	A papa with his smaller and an apple pie .	A papa and his daughters with an blueberry pie .
contradiction	A dad with his children and an apple pie .	A daddy and his girl with an blueberry pie .
contradiction	A dad with his minor and an apple pie .	A daddy and his girls with an blueberry pie .
contradiction	A blond-haired women squinting and wearing a bright yellow shirt .	A female is brushing her hair with a fork .
contradiction	A blond-haired women squinting and wearing a bright yellow shirt .	A female is brushing her hairstyle with a fork .
contradiction	A blond-haired females squinting and wearing a bright yellow shirt .	A females is brushing her hairdo with a fork .
contradiction	A smaller boy holding a pumpkin in the mid of a pumpkin patch .	A boy is holding a watermelon .
contradiction	A teenaged boy holding a pumpkin in the medium of a pumpkin patch .	A boy is holding a watermelon .
contradiction	A young boy holding a pumpkin in the middle of a pumpkin patch .	A boy is holding a watermelon .
contradiction	A masculine wearing a hat sitting on the side of a hill quest toward the water .	A men is wearing a frock while dances in the park .
contradiction	A man wearing a hat sitting on the side of a hill quest toward the water .	A masculine is wearing a attire while dancing in the park .
contradiction	A male wearing a hat sitting on the side of a hill quest towards the water .	A male is wearing a garb while dances in the park .
contradiction	A brown and white dog walking away from a negro and brown dog with a tennis ball in its mouth while standing in water .	The pets sit inland .
contradiction	A brown and white dog walking away from a black and brown dog with a tennis ball in its mouth while standing in water .	The pets sit internal .
contradiction	A brown and white dog walking away from a negro and brown dog with a tennis ball in its mouth while standing in water .	The pets sit inner .
contradiction	A panels of woman observing an events while one in military frock takes a photograph	A panels of people got ran over by a bus .
contradiction	A grouping of females observing an events while one in soldier garb takes a photograph	A panels of people got ran over by a bus .
contradiction	A groups of female observing an event while one in solider dress takes a photograph	A grouping of people got ran over by a bus .
contradiction	Two dogs run together near the leaves .	The two dogs are sleeping on the pile of leaves .
contradiction	Two dogs run together near the leaves .	The two dogs are sleep on the pile of leaves .
contradiction	Two dogs run together near the leaves .	The two dogs are slumber on the piling of leaves .
contradiction	Two small daughter are holding upholstered animals .	The daughters are eating chocolate and watching the parade as it goes down the street .
contradiction	Two petite daughters are holding stuffed animals .	The girls are eating chocolate and watching the parade as it goes down the street .
contradiction	Two small daughter are holding upholstered zoo .	The daughter are eating chocolate and watching the parade as it goes down the street .
contradiction	some kids playing in the grass outboard near a tree .	Children swim in a pool .
contradiction	some smaller play in the grass outdoor near a trees .	Children swimming in a pool .
contradiction	some smaller play in the grass exterior near a trees .	Children swim in a pool .
contradiction	some kids play in the grass outboard near a tree .	Children playing outer climb trees .
contradiction	some teenaged play in the grass outside near a tree .	Children playing outer climb tree .
contradiction	some juvenile playing in the grass outside near a trees .	Children play outside climb trees .
contradiction	A brown and white dog holds a tennis ball in his mouth .	A dog is eating from a bright silver bowl .
contradiction	A brown and white dog holds a tennis ball in his mouth .	A dog is eating from a bright silver bowl .
contradiction	A brown and white dog holds a tennis ball in his mouth .	A dog is eating from a bright silver bowl .
contradiction	The basketball player in the blue uniform is guard the player in the orange uniforms , who has the ball .	Two man walking on the route in rain
contradiction	The basketball player in the blue uniform is guarding the player in the orange uniform , who has the ball .	Two man walking on the path in rain
contradiction	The basketball player in the blue uniformed is guard the player in the orange standardized , who has the ball .	Two males walking on the routing in rain
contradiction	a couple wearing bright outfits walking hand and hand on a sidewalk .	The couple is naked .
contradiction	a couple wearing bright outfits walking hand and hand on a pavement .	The couple is bare .
contradiction	a couple wearing bright outfits walking hand and hand on a sidewalk .	The couple is naked .
contradiction	A adolescent women attired up semi-formally is reading book and drinking in the sun , seated on a bench .	A adolescence females is running through the waves .
contradiction	A adolescents woman dressed up semi-formally is reading book and drinking in the sun , seated on a bench .	A underage women is running through the waves .
contradiction	A youths woman attired up semi-formally is reading book and drinking in the sun , seated on a bench .	A kids women is running through the waves .
contradiction	A negro and brown dog is playing with a brown and white dog .	Two dogs sleeping on the floor .
contradiction	A negro and brown dog is play with a brown and white dog .	Two dogs slept on the floor .
contradiction	A negro and brown dog is play with a brown and white dog .	Two dogs sleep on the floor .
contradiction	An archaic male holding a sign for tattoos soliciting companies on the street .	The mens is VanGogh .
contradiction	An elder male holding a sign for tattoos soliciting companies on the street .	The mens is VanGogh .
contradiction	An elderly masculine holding a sign for tattoos soliciting corporations on the street .	The masculine is VanGogh .
contradiction	People searching at tall oriental art piece .	People are running a marathon
contradiction	People search at tall east art piece .	People are running a marathon
contradiction	People searches at tall east art piece .	People are running a marathon
contradiction	An Obama Biden supporter cheers for the Presidential nominee and his running mate .	An Obama supporter is upset that the President lost his second term .
contradiction	An Obama Biden supporter cheering for the Presidential candidate and his running mating .	An Obama supporter is upset that the President lost his second term .
contradiction	An Obama Biden supporter cheering for the Presidential candidate and his running mate .	An Obama supporter is upset that the President lost his seconds term .
contradiction	A masculine with no shirt on is performing with a baton .	A mens throws a banana in the airliner .
contradiction	A males with no shirt on is performing with a baton .	A male throws a banana in the aerial .
contradiction	A man with no shirt on is performing with a baton .	A males throws a banana in the jets .
contradiction	A men dressed in a suit and bowler style hat plays a sousaphone which has flames coming out of the top .	The males is wearing a baseball cap .
contradiction	A mens attired in a suit and bowler style hat plays a sousaphone which has flames coming out of the top .	The masculine is wearing a baseball ceilings .
contradiction	A man clothed in a suit and bowler style hat plays a sousaphone which has flames coming out of the top .	The males is wearing a baseball chaps .
contradiction	A man investigating his facial hairdo .	The masculine is sleeping .
contradiction	A men studied his facial hair .	The man is sleep .
contradiction	A men vessels his facial hair .	The male is sleeping .
contradiction	Two male watching one male make a golfer putt on the set of Sports Center .	People are walking in a routing .
contradiction	Two men watching one male make a golfer putt on the set of Sports Center .	People are walking in a route .
contradiction	Two males watching one mens make a golfer putt on the set of Sports Center .	People are walking in a road .
contradiction	A solo motorbikes is riding down a windy routing .	The motorcycles is not riding
contradiction	A solo motorbike is riding down a windy pathway .	The mopeds is not riding
contradiction	A solo bicycles is riding down a windy path .	The cycle is not riding
contradiction	An Asian technologies demonstration of computer and other gadgets .	The Asian likes Mexican food .
contradiction	An Asian technicians demonstration of computer and other gadgets .	The Asian likes Mexican food .
contradiction	An Asian technology demonstration of computer and other gadgets .	The Asian likes Mexican food .
contradiction	A negro and white dog jumps for a tennis ball .	A dog is napping on the bed .
contradiction	A negro and white dog jumps for a tennis ball .	A dog is napping on the bed .
contradiction	A negro and white dog jumps for a tennis ball .	A dog is napping on the bed .
contradiction	A panels of people having a discussions .	People are washes the dishes .
contradiction	A grouping of people having a talking .	People are washing the dishes .
contradiction	A groups of people having a conversation .	People are wash the dishes .
contradiction	A males dressed in a brown shirt and tan shorts is down on one knee quest at some type of machinery .	The masculine is wearing tan underpants .
contradiction	A masculine dressed in a brown shirt and tan shorts is down on one knee search at some type of machinery .	The males is wearing tan panties .
contradiction	A masculine clothed in a brown shirt and tan shorts is down on one knee searching at some type of machinery .	The mens is wearing tan breeches .
contradiction	The German shepherd runs happily in the park .	Dog lays down outboard .
contradiction	The German shepherd runs happily in the park .	Dog lays down outer .
contradiction	The German shepherd runs happily in the park .	Dog lays down outdoor .
contradiction	A crowd wearing orange cheering for their team in a stadium .	A panel of drag queens walking down the street .
contradiction	A crowd wearing orange cheers for their team in a stadium .	A groups of dragging queens walking down the street .
contradiction	A crowd wearing orange cheering for their team in a stadium .	A grouping of dragging queens walking down the street .
contradiction	A men is rolling a luggage in front of a bunch of red flowers .	Thi
contradiction	A man is rolling a luggage in front of a bunch of red flower .	Thi
contradiction	A masculine is rolling a luggage in front of a bunch of red flowering .	Thi
contradiction	A game similar to baseball is being played as a ball closes in on the player who is prepared to strike .	Some people are diving diving .
contradiction	A games similar to baseball is being played as a ball closes in on the player who is prepared to strike .	Some people are diving dive .
contradiction	A game similar to baseball is being played as a ball closes in on the player who is ready to strike .	Some people are scuba dives .
contradiction	Three people in uniformed are outdoors and are observing a scene which is out of the photography .	Uniformed people are eating
contradiction	Three people in uniform are outdoors and are observing a scene which is out of the photographing .	Uniformed people are eating
contradiction	Three people in standardized are outdoors and are observing a scene which is out of the photographer .	Uniformed people are eating
contradiction	A men in a darkroom coat is quest through a microscope .	A lifeguard sits by the pool
contradiction	A mens in a lab coat is searching through a microscope .	A lifeguard sits by the pool
contradiction	A man in a laboratory coat is search through a microscope .	A lifeguard sits by the pool
contradiction	A youngsters boy in green is practicing kicking .	the teens boy is wearing black
contradiction	A young boy in green is practicing kicking .	the youths boy is wearing black
contradiction	A adolescent boy in green is practice kicking .	the young boy is wearing black
contradiction	A woman taking candy off of a shelf and putting it in a box .	A females sews a dress
contradiction	A woman taking candy off of a shelf and putting it in a box .	A females sews a dress
contradiction	A women taking candy off of a shelf and putting it in a box .	A women sews a dress
contradiction	Two performers , one men play a guitar , and one females with a mic raised to her mouth are sitting on chair performing .	A masculine and women are kiss in a automobiles .
contradiction	Two performers , one masculine playing a guitar , and one woman with a mic raised to her mouth are sitting on chairs performing .	A man and woman are kiss in a vehicle .
contradiction	Two performers , one males playing a guitar , and one females with a mic raised to her mouth are sitting on chair performing .	A masculine and woman are kiss in a motors .
contradiction	Two teams of mens are playing basketball on a courts in an hollow stadium .	The men are play in front of a enormous crowd .
contradiction	Two teams of males are play basketball on a court in an hollow stadium .	The mens are play in front of a hefty crowd .
contradiction	Two teams of male are play basketball on a courts in an hollow stadium .	The males are playing in front of a large crowd .
contradiction	A masculine in dark clothing walking in a transit station .	A mens wearing a white suit at a marry .
contradiction	A mens in dark sportswear walking in a transit station .	A male wearing a white suit at a marrying .
contradiction	A male in dark garments walking in a transit station .	A man wearing a white suit at a married .
contradiction	A masculine is working in an art studio and is surrounded by art supplies .	a males is at an vehicles shop .
contradiction	A mens is working in an art studio and is surrounded by art supplies .	a males is at an automobile shop .
contradiction	A males is working in an art studio and is surrounded by art supplies .	a males is at an automobiles shop .
contradiction	Female gymnasts warm up prior a competition .	Football gamers practice .
contradiction	Female gymnasts warm up avant a competition .	Football players practise .
contradiction	Female gymnasts warming up prior a contest .	Football players practice .
contradiction	Two beautiful , petite girls with dark hairdo and dark complexions are sitting down eating cupcakes .	Two boys eating cupcakes .
contradiction	Two beautiful , small daughter with dark hairstyle and dark complexions are sitting down eating cupcakes .	Two boys eating cupcakes .
contradiction	Two beautiful , little girl with dark hair and dark complexions are sitting down eating cupcakes .	Two boys eating cupcakes .
contradiction	A persons clothed in black and red protection gear driving an ATV on a track .	Somebody is drive a browse .
contradiction	A persons dressed in negro and red protected gear drives an ATV on a track .	Somebody is driving a explore .
contradiction	A person attired in black and red protective gear driving an ATV on a track .	Somebody is driving a browsing .
contradiction	The races greyhounds have broken from the began door .	The greyhounds are lying down to sleeping for the nightly .
contradiction	The racing greyhounds have broken from the initiate door .	The greyhounds are lurks down to slept for the night .
contradiction	The race greyhounds have broken from the initiation gate .	The greyhounds are lurks down to slumber for the nighttime .
contradiction	Two workers in work dress -LRB- windbreakers and vests -RRB- walking along the edge of a route .	The workers were wearing safty gear .
contradiction	Two workers in work garb -LRB- windbreakers and vests -RRB- walking along the edge of a routing .	The workers were wearing safty gear .
contradiction	Two workers in work attire -LRB- windbreakers and vests -RRB- walking along the edge of a route .	The workers were wearing safty gear .
contradiction	Two workers in work frock -LRB- windbreakers and vests -RRB- walking along the edge of a path .	The guys drove the work truck through the town .
contradiction	Two workers in work dress -LRB- windbreakers and vests -RRB- walking along the edge of a routing .	The guys drove the work truck through the town .
contradiction	Two workers in work dress -LRB- windbreakers and vests -RRB- walking along the edge of a road .	The guys drove the work truck through the town .
contradiction	A man in a negro shirt is quest at a cycle in a workshop .	A mens is wearing a red shirt
contradiction	A man in a black shirt is quest at a bike in a workshop .	A males is wearing a red shirt
contradiction	A males in a negro shirt is quest at a bicycling in a workshop .	A man is wearing a red shirt
contradiction	Six people are jumping up in excitement with costumes on with vibrant pink and orange color in the skies are four hot airways balloons they appear to be in a dried dessert setting	Six people are in a hospital .
contradiction	Six people are jumping up in excitement with costumes on with vibrant pink and orange colour in the sky are four hot aircraft balloons they appear to be in a dehydrated dessert setting	Six people are in a hospital .
contradiction	Six people are jumping up in excitement with costumes on with vibrant pink and orange colours in the skies are four hot jets balloons they appear to be in a dry dessert setting	Six people are in a hospital .
contradiction	Two males are drumming , one is standing and one is sitting down .	Two women are play the flute .
contradiction	Two mens are drum , one is standing and one is sitting down .	Two women are play the flute .
contradiction	Two men are drums , one is standing and one is sitting down .	Two woman are playing the flute .
contradiction	A lady wearing a blue frock and earrings , is sitting at a table with a napkin in her hand and her elbow on the table .	The woman is standing by a lake .
contradiction	A lady wearing a blue attire and earrings , is sitting at a tables with a napkin in her hand and her elbow on the tables .	The female is standing by a lake .
contradiction	A dame wearing a blue frock and earrings , is sitting at a table with a napkin in her hand and her elbow on the table .	The woman is standing by a lake .
contradiction	One males , wearing a blue shirt , standing on the back of a truck in a market .	The mens is drive down the street .
contradiction	One male , wearing a blue shirt , standing on the back of a truck in a markets .	The masculine is driving down the street .
contradiction	One male , wearing a blue shirt , standing on the back of a truck in a market .	The masculine is drives down the street .
contradiction	A persons flying through the airlines on a cycling .	A person is riding his bicycles up the hill .
contradiction	A person flying through the jets on a bikes .	A persons is riding his motorcycle up the hill .
contradiction	A individuals flying through the plane on a bicycles .	A persons is riding his bikes up the hill .
contradiction	The brown and black dogs are carrying a large inscription in the meadow .	Dogs running through a puddle of water .
contradiction	The brown and negro dogs are carry a large recorded in the meadow .	Dogs running through a puddle of water .
contradiction	The brown and black dogs are carry a jumbo logs in the meadow .	Dogs running through a puddle of water .
contradiction	Two males renovate a brick wall outside .	Both of the male are on break .
contradiction	Two man renovate a brick wall outboard .	Both of the men are on break .
contradiction	Two male renovate a brick wall exterior .	Both of the men are on break .
contradiction	Two males are fixing the side of an older brick building .	People paintings in a house .
contradiction	Two men are fixing the side of an age brick building .	People painted in a house .
contradiction	Two man are fixing the side of an antique brick building .	People paints in a house .
contradiction	A brown dog sniffing at the fencing of a brown bull .	A cute dog was hunt the cat through they alleyway .
contradiction	A brown dog sniffing at the fencing of a brown bull .	A cute dog was pursues the cat through they alley .
contradiction	A brown dog sniffing at the fence of a brown bull .	A cute dog was hunting the cat through they alley .
contradiction	A brown dog sniffing at the fencing of a brown bull .	A dog was sniffing his food before eating it .
contradiction	A brown dog sniffing at the fence of a brown bull .	A dog was sniffing his food prior eating it .
contradiction	A brown dog sniffing at the fences of a brown bull .	A dog was sniffing his food avant eating it .
contradiction	Dark-haired mens wearing a watch and oven mitt approximately to cook some meat in the kitchen .	A mens is sitting watching TV .
contradiction	Dark-haired male wearing a watch and oven mitt approximately to cook some meat in the kitchen .	A man is sitting watching TV .
contradiction	Dark-haired males wearing a watch and oven mitt approximately to cooks some meat in the kitchen .	A male is sitting watching TV .
contradiction	A person sitting on the corner , wrapped in a blanket in front of a metallic gate .	The individuals is wrapped in a straightjacket .
contradiction	A individuals sitting on the corner , wrapped in a blanket in front of a metals gate .	The persons is wrapped in a straightjacket .
contradiction	A person sitting on the nook , wrapped in a blanket in front of a metal door .	The persons is wrapped in a straightjacket .
contradiction	Three people are making transactions at an automated cashier machine .	There are people watching TV interior .
contradiction	Three people are making transactions at an automated teller machine .	There are people watching TV internal .
contradiction	Three people are making transactions at an automatic cashier machine .	There are people watching TV internal .
contradiction	A miner redheaded woman laughs at something .	A youths redheaded male laughs at something .
contradiction	A adolescents redheaded females laughs at something .	A adolescence redheaded man laughs at something .
contradiction	A teen redheaded female laughs at something .	A youths redheaded masculine laughs at something .
contradiction	A male and females sleeping outdoor on a bench .	A mens and a female feeding eachother food at a tables .
contradiction	A man and females slumber outer on a bench .	A man and a women feeding eachother food at a tables .
contradiction	A male and female slumber outboard on a bench .	A male and a female feeding eachother food at a tables .
contradiction	A smaller boy gets his photographic taken with Mr. and Mrs. Clause .	A teenage daughters gets his photo taken with Mr. and Mrs. Clause .
contradiction	A minors boy gets his photographic taken with Mr. and Mrs. Clause .	A adolescence girls gets his photographer taken with Mr. and Mrs. Clause .
contradiction	A juveniles boy gets his picture taken with Mr. and Mrs. Clause .	A adolescent girl gets his photographed taken with Mr. and Mrs. Clause .
contradiction	A mens is wearing protecting hair and face coverings .	A woman is sitting outboard in the rain .
contradiction	A male is wearing protected hairdo and face coverings .	A female is sitting outer in the rain .
contradiction	A men is wearing protects hairstyle and face coverings .	A females is sitting outer in the rain .
contradiction	A worker peers out from atop a building under construction .	The unemployment persons is near a building .
contradiction	A worker peers out from atop a building under construction .	The unemployed person is near a building .
contradiction	A worker peers out from atop a building under construction .	The unemployment person is near a building .
contradiction	One dame is looking at a blue box while the shorter dame is quest at something on her telephones at the grocery store .	one dame eats a box while the other battling a tiger
contradiction	One lady is looking at a blue box while the shorter lady is searches at something on her cellphones at the grocery store .	one lady eats a box while the other fights a tiger
contradiction	One dame is search at a blue box while the shorter lady is searching at something on her telephones at the grocery store .	one lady eats a box while the other struggles a tiger
contradiction	Two youthful males are on a massive , grade expanse of grass , and the males in the red shirt is catching the white Frisbee .	The men are play volleyball .
contradiction	Two teenagers mens are on a immense , grades expanse of grass , and the male in the red shirt is catching the white Frisbee .	The man are play volleyball .
contradiction	Two teenage males are on a hefty , level expanse of grass , and the mens in the red shirt is catching the white Frisbee .	The men are playing volleyball .
contradiction	A group of people cleaning some kins of seas animal .	Everyone is asleep in their bed
contradiction	A groups of people cleanliness some kins of seas animal .	Everyone is asleep in their bed
contradiction	A panel of people cleanliness some kins of sea animal .	Everyone is asleep in their bed
contradiction	Seven man are preparing to operate a helicopter	Seven man are getting ready to flies an plane .
contradiction	Seven males are preparing to operate a helicopter	Seven man are getting prepared to fly an airlines .
contradiction	Seven masculine are preparing to operate a helicopter	Seven men are getting readies to flies an plane .
contradiction	A teen attired in a long-sleeve shirt with a jersey numbered 11 is passing a bar to a boy in a jersey numbered 12 during a relay racing .	Kids playing a videotaped game as the light of dawn peeks through the windows .
contradiction	A youngsters clothed in a long-sleeve shirt with a jersey numbered 11 is passing a bar to a boy in a jersey numbered 12 during a relay racing .	Kids play a videotaped games as the light of dawn peeks through the windows .
contradiction	A teenager attired in a long-sleeve shirt with a jersey numbered 11 is passing a bar to a boy in a jersey numbered 12 during a relay racing .	Kids play a videotaped game as the light of dawn peeks through the windows .
contradiction	Passengers in a rusty yellow automobiles drives down the street .	People walk through a boutique .
contradiction	Passengers in a rusted yellow vehicles driving down the street .	People walk through a boutique .
contradiction	Passengers in a rusted yellow auto drive down the street .	People walk through a store .
contradiction	The basketball player in red is challenging the player in white for the ball .	Two teams are compete in hockey .
contradiction	The basketball player in red is challenging the player in white for the ball .	Two teams are competing in hockey .
contradiction	The basketball player in red is challenging the player in white for the ball .	Two teams are competing in hockey .
contradiction	A masculine in a white shirt taking a photographs .	the men takes a videotaping clip
contradiction	A man in a white shirt taking a photo .	the men takes a video clip
contradiction	A masculine in a white shirt taking a image .	the men takes a video clip
contradiction	A women wears a gown and bikini with heels as she stands on stage next to a flower pot .	A females is standing next to a flowers pot in her owned home .
contradiction	A female wears a robe and bikini with heels as she stands on stages next to a flowering pot .	A women is standing next to a flower pot in her owned home .
contradiction	A females wears a gown and bikini with heels as she stands on stages next to a flowers pot .	A female is standing next to a flower pot in her own home .
contradiction	A females wears a gown and bikini with heels as she stands on stages next to a flower pot .	A females is a attire is standing next to a flowers pot .
contradiction	A females wears a robe and bikini with heels as she stands on stage next to a flowering pot .	A female is a attire is standing next to a flower pot .
contradiction	A women wears a robe and bikini with heels as she stands on stage next to a flowering pot .	A women is a frock is standing next to a flower pot .
contradiction	People walk exterior `` The Tempe Bar '' .	People are sitting in the bar drinking .
contradiction	People walk outside `` The Tempe Bar '' .	People are sitting in the bar drinking .
contradiction	People walk outer `` The Tempe Bar '' .	People are sitting in the bar drinking .
contradiction	Child swim in a pool .	A kid swims in the maritime .
contradiction	Child swim in a pool .	A adolescents swims in the oceans .
contradiction	Child swim in a pool .	A minors swims in the oceans .
contradiction	A youth youths joyfully pulls colorful tissue paper from a decorated box , looking for his present .	a juvenile combat a purses , the purse is winning
contradiction	A kid teenaged joyfully pulls colorful tissue paper from a decorated box , searching for his present .	a youths battle a wallets , the bags is winning
contradiction	A minors youngsters joyfully pulls colorful tissue paper from a decorated box , looking for his present .	a teens fight a knapsack , the wallets is winning
contradiction	A man in a white shirt hiking over rocks and water .	A masculine is sleep in a slept rucksack .
contradiction	A male in a white shirt hiking over rocks and water .	A man is slept in a sleeping bags .
contradiction	A mens in a white shirt hiking over rocks and water .	A male is slept in a sleep backpack .
contradiction	A dog opening its mouth to catch a blue and yellow toy .	The pet is chewing on a bone
contradiction	A dog opens its mouth to catch a blue and yellow toy .	The pet is chewing on a bone
contradiction	A dog opening its mouth to catch a blue and yellow toy .	The pet is chewing on a bone
contradiction	A white dog next to a basement window .	A cat next to a window
contradiction	A white dog next to a basement window .	A cat next to a window
contradiction	A white dog next to a cellar window .	A cat next to a window
contradiction	A masculine is throwing a little white ball at some red cups .	The women is watching Shades of Grey
contradiction	A mens is throwing a little white ball at some red cups .	The woman is watching Shades of Grey
contradiction	A man is throwing a petite white ball at some red cups .	The women is watching Shades of Grey
contradiction	Person walking down illuminated tunnel with green handrail .	a individuals sitting on a bench
contradiction	Person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a individuals sitting on a bench
contradiction	Person walking down lit tunnel with green handrail .	a persons sitting on a bench
contradiction	A youngsters juvenile climbing a stack of records even though the sign warns against it .	A youths miner sits in class and reads a book quitely .
contradiction	A child juvenile climbing a stack of tape even though the sign alerts against it .	A juveniles youth sits in class and reads a book quitely .
contradiction	A kids teen climbing a stack of register even though the sign warns against it .	A smaller youngsters sits in class and reads a book quitely .
contradiction	a large black dog jumps in the planes to catch the tennis ball in his mouth .	The dog is white .
contradiction	a monumental negro dog jumps in the airline to catch the tennis ball in his mouth .	The dog is white .
contradiction	a immense black dog jumps in the jets to catch the tennis ball in his mouth .	The dog is white .
contradiction	A men in a odd uniform taking a image of an old-fashioned red athletics motor .	A tourist takes a photograph of the city skyline at sundown .
contradiction	A men in a odd uniform taking a picture of an old-fashioned red athletics autos .	A tourist takes a images of the town skyline at sundown .
contradiction	A mens in a strange standardized taking a picture of an old-fashioned red sport automobiles .	A sightseeing takes a photographing of the city skyline at nightfall .
contradiction	A small daughters in a pink hat is in a lush green field walking an ox .	A petite girls is riding her ox in a deserts .
contradiction	A small girls in a pink hat is in a lush green field walking an ox .	A little girls is riding her ox in a deserts .
contradiction	A little daughter in a pink hat is in a lush green field walking an ox .	A petite girl is riding her ox in a desert .
contradiction	A surfing is performing a jumping stunt in the navy .	A surfer relaxed on the beach .
contradiction	A surfer is performing a jumping stunt in the oceanic .	A surfing relaxed on the beach .
contradiction	A surf is performing a jumping stunt in the oceanic .	A surfing relaxed on the beach .
contradiction	A mens is celebrating his triumph while smiling and shooting champagne in the plane with his teammate .	A man is celebrating his triomphe while smiling and shooting firearms in the air
contradiction	A males is celebrating his triomphe while smiling and shooting champagne in the airline with his teammate .	A men is celebrating his victory while smiling and shooting armed in the air
contradiction	A males is celebrating his triomphe while smiling and shooting champagne in the planes with his teammate .	A masculine is celebrating his triumph while smiling and shooting firearms in the air
contradiction	A woman is standing at a podium .	A male is standing at a podium .
contradiction	A women is standing at a podium .	A male is standing at a podium .
contradiction	A woman is standing at a podium .	A males is standing at a podium .
contradiction	A mens wearing a white button down shirt is walking down the street .	The males is wearing a green shirt .
contradiction	A men wearing a white button down shirt is walking down the street .	The males is wearing a green shirt .
contradiction	A men wearing a white button down shirt is walking down the street .	The masculine is wearing a green shirt .
contradiction	A teenage boy in red leaping into sand at a playground .	A juvenile does a cannonball into a pool .
contradiction	A teenaged boy in red leaping into sand at a playground .	A underage does a cannonball into a pool .
contradiction	A adolescents boy in red leaping into sand at a playground .	A youngsters does a cannonball into a pool .
contradiction	A woman and a youth girls are eating side by side .	A male fold his laundry .
contradiction	A female and a youth daughter are eating side by side .	A men fold his laundry .
contradiction	A females and a adolescent daughters are eating side by side .	A masculine folding his laundry .
contradiction	A child Asian female wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans sits on her biking , as a youths boy , with his motorbikes down , looks up .	The underage boy rides his bikes as arduous as he can .
contradiction	A minor Asian female wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans sits on her cycle , as a underage boy , with his bicycling down , looks up .	The minor boy rides his bicycle as difficult as he can .
contradiction	A teenager Asian females wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans sits on her bicycles , as a kids boy , with his motorcycle down , looks up .	The teenage boy rides his moped as difficult as he can .
contradiction	A blond female in a blue shirt looks on at an event .	The women is wearing a red shirt .
contradiction	A blond woman in a blue shirt looks on at an events .	The female is wearing a red shirt .
contradiction	A blond women in a blue shirt looks on at an events .	The females is wearing a red shirt .
contradiction	A mens sitting down enjoy his coffee at a coffee shop .	A females drinks .
contradiction	A man sitting down enjoy his coffee at a coffee shop .	A females beverages .
contradiction	A man sitting down enjoy his coffee at a coffee shop .	A females beverages .
contradiction	A males is wearing a blue and yellow races uniformed while holding a bottle	this guy is jumping rope
contradiction	A mens is wearing a blue and yellow racing standardized while holding a bottle	this guy is jumping rope
contradiction	A male is wearing a blue and yellow racing uniforms while holding a bottle	this guy is jumping rope
contradiction	A happy women who is preparing for dinner .	A sad woman is watching TV .
contradiction	A happy woman who is preparing for dinner .	A sad female is watching TV .
contradiction	A happy women who is preparing for dinner .	A sad woman is watching TV .
contradiction	A boy pushing a girls on a toy SUV .	A boy and girl are waiting patiently in line .
contradiction	A boy pushing a girl on a toy SUV .	A boy and daughter are waiting patiently in line .
contradiction	A boy pushing a daughter on a toy SUV .	A boy and daughters are waiting patiently in line .
contradiction	two boys reading superhero books	Two boys watching a superhero show .
contradiction	two boys reading superhero books	Two boys watching a superhero show .
contradiction	two boys reading superhero books	Two boys watching a superhero show .
contradiction	The male in the black hat has his back to a theater sign .	The man is at home watching TV .
contradiction	The men in the negro hat has his back to a theaters sign .	The males is at home watching TV .
contradiction	The man in the black hat has his back to a theaters sign .	The masculine is at home watching TV .
contradiction	A men wearing a negro jumper and a knitting caps sits in front of mountain scenery , with a cloudy sky overhead .	A males is indoors .
contradiction	A male wearing a black sweater and a knitted ceilings sits in front of mountain scenery , with a overcast skies overhead .	A masculine is indoors .
contradiction	A man wearing a black jumper and a knitted caps sits in front of mountain scenery , with a cloudy skies overhead .	A men is indoors .
contradiction	A bearded masculine wears a roughly sewn hooded costume emblazoned with picture of Spiderman .	A male wearing a tux
contradiction	A bearded man wears a about sewn hooded costume emblazoned with photographer of Spiderman .	A mens wearing a tux
contradiction	A bearded masculine wears a about sewn hooded costume emblazoned with photographs of Spiderman .	A masculine wearing a tux
contradiction	A guy with a football , a crowd watching him .	There is a guy with a basketball .
contradiction	A guy with a football , a crowd watching him .	There is a guy with a basketball .
contradiction	A guy with a football , a crowd watching him .	There is a guy with a basketball .
contradiction	Two girls walking , both with a white shirt and blue shorts on .	Two boys are walking together in white shirts and blue shorts .
contradiction	Two daughters walking , both with a white shirt and blue shorts on .	Two boys are walking together in white shirts and blue shorts .
contradiction	Two daughter walking , both with a white shirt and blue shorts on .	Two boys are walking together in white shirts and blue shorts .
contradiction	A hermit bicycling rider battleship a coarse terrain course through dirt with tree and grass in the background on a cloud free day .	Somebody is riding a moped during a storm in the desert .
contradiction	A single bikes rider sail a crude terrain course through dirt with trees and grass in the background on a cloud free day .	Somebody is riding a motorcycle during a storm in the deserts .
contradiction	A single cyclist rider studies a rough terrain course through dirt with tree and grass in the background on a cloud free day .	Somebody is riding a cycling during a storm in the desert .
contradiction	A male in a suit drive a horse-drawn buggy down a stone street .	The masculine is drive a limosine .
contradiction	A mens in a suit drive a horse-drawn buggy down a stone street .	The men is driving a limosine .
contradiction	A men in a suit drive a horse-drawn buggy down a stone street .	The masculine is driving a limosine .
contradiction	A mens with a red beard and mustache is smiling and wearing a hat crocheted with green yarn and Miller beer cans .	A males is slumber in his bed .
contradiction	A male with a red beard and mustache is smiling and wearing a hat crocheted with green yarn and Miller beer cans .	A males is slumber in his bed .
contradiction	A masculine with a red beard and mustache is smiling and wearing a hat crocheted with green yarn and Miller beer cans .	A man is slept in his bed .
contradiction	Two women are hugging on a path through a grassy areas with a cow visible past them .	They are at the bar
contradiction	Two female are hugging on a routing through a grassy zone with a cow visible past them .	They are at the bar
contradiction	Two female are hugging on a path through a grassy spheres with a cow visible past them .	They are at the bar
contradiction	Two African American man laugh with aprons on , while a thirds masculine wearing a chef jacket is on a notepad cellphones .	Three Asian masculine work at a bar .
contradiction	Two African American masculine laughing with aprons on , while a third man wearing a chef jacket is on a mobile telephones .	Three Asian mens work at a bar .
contradiction	Two African American males laughing with aprons on , while a third man wearing a chef jacket is on a laptop telephones .	Three Asian mens work at a bar .
contradiction	Basketball referee watching a team player hang from the hoop .	A women watching the games .
contradiction	Basketball referee watching a team player hang from the hoop .	A females watching the game .
contradiction	Basketball referee watching a team player hang from the hoop .	A female watching the games .
contradiction	a groups of skiers jumping down slopes with the sun directly casting in backgroud	A man and a female ride their motorbikes down a hill .
contradiction	a group of skiers jumping down slopes with the sun directly casting in backgroud	A men and a women ride their motorbikes down a hill .
contradiction	a grouping of skiers jumping down slopes with the sun directly cast in backgroud	A males and a female ride their motorcycles down a hill .
contradiction	Seven kid daughter are being creative and making posters .	One girl is making placards .
contradiction	Seven underage daughter are being creative and making placards .	One daughters is making posters .
contradiction	Seven miner girl are being creative and making posters .	One girl is making placards .
contradiction	A males wait in an airfield terminals writes on a piece of paper as others are seen behind .	A gentlemen swims at the beach .
contradiction	A man waiting in an airfield terminals writes on a piece of paper as others are seen behind .	A gentleman swims at the beach .
contradiction	A male waiting in an airport terminal writes on a piece of paper as others are seen behind .	A gentlemen swims at the beach .
contradiction	A adolescence is standing in a field and is in the upswing position after hitting a golfer ball .	The minor is riding a equestrian in a steeplechase competitions .
contradiction	A minor is standing in a field and is in the upswing position after hitting a golfing ball .	The kids is riding a horse in a steeplechase competition .
contradiction	A smaller is standing in a field and is in the upswing position after hitting a golf ball .	The miner is riding a horse in a steeplechase contest .
contradiction	A man and female walking down the street holding bag in their hands and smiling both wearing black and white sportswear .	A husband and wife lay on the beach .
contradiction	A masculine and females walking down the street holding pockets in their hands and smiling both wearing black and white garments .	A husband and wife lay on the beach .
contradiction	A masculine and women walking down the street holding knapsack in their hands and smiling both wearing black and white clothes .	A husband and wife lay on the beach .
contradiction	A youthful boy sits curiously on a rock near the water , looking at his reflection .	The boy is swinging on a swing .
contradiction	A minors boy sits curiously on a rock near the water , quest at his reflection .	The boy is swinging on a swing .
contradiction	A adolescence boy sits curiously on a rock near the water , searches at his reflection .	The boy is swinging on a swing .
contradiction	The basketball is in the hands of the guy with the red shirts the others are trying to shoplift the ball to scoring for their team	the guy is flying a plane
contradiction	The basketball is in the hands of the guy with the red shirts the others are trying to stolen the ball to score for their team	the guy is flying a plane
contradiction	The basketball is in the hands of the guy with the red shirts the others are trying to shoplift the ball to scoring for their team	the guy is flying a plane
contradiction	Three man stand on a pavement wearing construction hats .	The man are inside
contradiction	Three men stand on a pavement wearing construction hats .	The masculine are inside
contradiction	Three mens stand on a sidewalk wearing construction hats .	The males are inside
contradiction	A kid women wearing a white sleeveless garb with red flower is conversation on her notebook as she walks down a street .	A young women wearing a yellow garb sitting in the sand at a packed beach .
contradiction	A teenaged woman wearing a white sleeveless garb with red flower is discussions on her mobile as she walks down a street .	A minor woman wearing a yellow frock sitting in the sand at a package beach .
contradiction	A teenager woman wearing a white sleeveless attire with red flowering is talking on her cellphone as she walks down a street .	A children female wearing a yellow frock sitting in the sand at a packaged beach .
contradiction	A black female holding a sign that says , `` free hugs '' in the city .	a white woman is holding a sign
contradiction	A negro female holding a sign that says , `` free hugs '' in the city .	a white female is holding a sign
contradiction	A negro females holding a sign that says , `` free hugs '' in the town .	a white females is holding a sign
contradiction	A boy runs as others playing on a homemade slip and slide .	A boy is dancing on his bed .
contradiction	A boy runs as others play on a handmade slip and slide .	A boy is dances on his bed .
contradiction	A boy runs as others play on a handmade slip and slide .	A boy is dances on his bed .
contradiction	A blond little boy in an orange sweatshirt with red sleeves is using scissors to cutting something .	A blond petite boy is sleep .
contradiction	A blond little boy in an orange sweatshirt with red sleeves is using scissors to cut something .	A blond small boy is slept .
contradiction	A blond petite boy in an orange sweatshirt with red sleeves is using scissors to cut something .	A blond little boy is sleep .
contradiction	Some teenager are play a card game	cat stares at dog
contradiction	Some smaller are playing a card game	cat stares at dog
contradiction	Some underage are playing a valentines game	cat stares at dog
contradiction	A females in a white tennis outfit is jumping up to hit the ball .	women at work
contradiction	A women in a white tennis outfit is jumping up to hit the ball .	women at work
contradiction	A women in a white tennis outfit is jumping up to hit the ball .	women at work
contradiction	four youth are dances around a pole in a city street .	Four adults are walking down the street .
contradiction	four teen are dances around a poles in a town street .	Four adults are walking down the street .
contradiction	four juveniles are dancing around a poles in a city street .	Four grownup are walking down the street .
contradiction	Little smaller playing a game of running around a pole .	The teenage are battling outside .
contradiction	Little juvenile playing a game of running around a poles .	The minors are battling outboard .
contradiction	Little kids play a games of running around a poles .	The youths are struggling outboard .
contradiction	A person clothed in white and negro winter garment leaps a confined , water-filled ditch from one frost-covered field to another , where a female clothed in black coat and panties awaiting .	The man is clothed in summer clothing .
contradiction	A persons attired in white and black winter garment leaps a narrow , water-filled ditch from one frost-covered field to another , where a woman dressed in negro coat and panties awaiting .	The man is attired in summer apparel .
contradiction	A persons dressed in white and black winter sportswear leaps a limited , water-filled ditch from one frost-covered field to another , where a females dressed in negro coat and trousers awaiting .	The man is attired in summer sportswear .
contradiction	a group of construction workers busy refinishing a underground station .	A group of workers on their lunch break .
contradiction	a groups of construction workers busy refinishing a metro station .	A panels of workers on their lunch break .
contradiction	a panel of construction workers busy refinishing a underground station .	A panels of workers on their lunch break .
contradiction	A mens on a skateboarding performs a ploy in the aircraft against the backdrop of a bright blue sky .	A women is running
contradiction	A man on a skateboarding performs a trick in the planes against the backdrop of a bright blue sky .	A females is running
contradiction	A male on a skateboard performs a trick in the airways against the backdrop of a bright blue skies .	A female is running
contradiction	Spectators look on as a baseball player runs onto a base while the fielder waits to make the catch .	a cat jumps high
contradiction	Spectators look on as a baseball player runs onto a base while the fielder waits to make the catch .	a cat jumps high
contradiction	Spectators look on as a baseball player runs onto a base while the fielder waits to make the catch .	a cat jumps high
contradiction	A juveniles daughter holding a toddler .	Two elderly ladies are making out at a strip club .
contradiction	A youth daughters holding a toddler .	Two aging ladies are making out at a strip club .
contradiction	A kid daughters holding a toddler .	Two archaic ladies are making out at a strip club .
contradiction	A somber quest man with glasses pilots a examining .	The happy pilot flies his airliner .
contradiction	A bleak quest mens with glasses pilots a navigating .	The happy pilot flies his airline .
contradiction	A bleak looking male with glasses pilots a inquires .	The happy pilot flies his plane .
contradiction	Workers at Basking Robbins are fill orders .	Workers leaving the office after office hours
contradiction	Workers at Basking Robbins are meets ordering .	Workers leaving the office after office hours
contradiction	Workers at Basking Robbins are filling orders .	Workers leaving the office after office hours
contradiction	A mens with a duffel backpack and girls pushing a cart walk down a street .	A male with a breif cases stands near a corner as a females walks past .
contradiction	A males with a duffel bags and girls pushing a cart walk down a street .	A male with a breif case stands near a cornering as a female walks past .
contradiction	A male with a duffel handbag and daughters pushing a cart walk down a street .	A men with a breif cases stands near a cornering as a female walks past .
contradiction	A man wearing a brown hoodie is shopping for snacks .	The male is wearing a red shirt .
contradiction	A male wearing a brown hoodie is shopping for snacks .	The male is wearing a red shirt .
contradiction	A male wearing a brown hoodie is shopping for snacks .	The male is wearing a red shirt .
contradiction	A woman in a white attire with a white umbrellas is giving something to a females in dark blue .	Two sisters are flipping each other off .
contradiction	A female in a white frock with a white umbrellas is giving something to a females in dark blue .	Two sisters are flipping each other off .
contradiction	A females in a white dress with a white umbrellas is giving something to a females in dark blue .	Two sisters are flipping each other off .
contradiction	A female in negro walks past a shop selling a t-shirt depicting a tattooed female smoke a cigarette .	A female is sitting on a train .
contradiction	A female in black walks past a shop sale a t-shirt depicting a tattooed female smokes a cigarette .	A women is sitting on a train .
contradiction	A female in negro walks past a shop sells a t-shirt depicting a tattooed women smokes a cigarette .	A female is sitting on a train .
contradiction	A couple of newlyweds kiss underneath the bride 's veil .	The newlyweds are actually vampires .
contradiction	A couple of newlyweds kiss underneath the bride 's veil .	The newlyweds are actually vampires .
contradiction	A couple of newlyweds kissing underneath the bride 's veil .	The newlyweds are actually vampires .
contradiction	A white masculine in a blue standardized is pushing away a black males in a red standardized while the two playing soccer on a green field .	A females says Hi to another female at the grocery store .
contradiction	A white men in a blue standardized is pushing away a black men in a red uniforms while the two playing soccer on a green field .	A female says Hi to another females at the grocery store .
contradiction	A white mens in a blue standardized is pushing away a negro male in a red standardized while the two playing soccer on a green field .	A females says Hi to another woman at the grocery store .
contradiction	A female is taking a photographing on the shoulders of another woman in cold weather .	A male is running errands on his cycling .
contradiction	A females is taking a photos on the shoulders of another women in cold weather .	A man is running errands on his biking .
contradiction	A females is taking a pictures on the shoulders of another women in icy weather .	A man is running errands on his cycling .
contradiction	A grouping in uniform marches carry red signs with Chinese lettering on them .	a dog eats steak
contradiction	A panels in standardized marches carry red signs with Chinese lettering on them .	a dog eats steak
contradiction	A group in uniform marches carrying red signs with Chinese lettering on them .	a dog eats steak
contradiction	It 's another day of celebration , with a parade and signs , with assorted people in attendance .	People have gathered for a funeral
contradiction	It 's another day of celebration , with a parade and signs , with diverse people in attendance .	People have gathered for a funeral
contradiction	It 's another day of celebration , with a parade and signs , with differing people in attendance .	People have gathered for a funeral
contradiction	A women drives a biking wearing a white blouse with her brown hairstyle blowing in the wind .	The lady is drive a overwhelming truck .
contradiction	A female driving a bike wearing a white blouse with her brown hair blowing in the wind .	The dame is driving a large truck .
contradiction	A women drives a motorbike wearing a white blouse with her brown hairdo blowing in the wind .	The lady is drives a mammoth truck .
contradiction	Two dancers in pink tops and striped capri bottoms perform on stage barefoot .	Two magicians are performing on stages .
contradiction	Two dancers in pink tops and striped capri bottoms perform on stage barefoot .	Two wizards are performing on stages .
contradiction	Two dancers in pink tops and striped capri bottoms perform on stage barefoot .	Two magicians are performing on stage .
contradiction	A male sits on a couch beside a colorful cushion with a pencil in his hand .	The mens is laying down on the couch .
contradiction	A man sits on a couch beside a colorful cushion with a pencil in his hand .	The man is laying down on the couch .
contradiction	A men sits on a couch beside a colorful cushion with a pencil in his hand .	The mens is laying down on the couch .
contradiction	A few female and teenager are collects item from rocks .	People are throwing rocks .
contradiction	A few women and adolescents are collecting items from rocks .	People are throwing rocks .
contradiction	A few female and child are collecting items from rocks .	People are throwing rocks .
contradiction	A panel of teenagers people pose for a photographing in a field	The kids people are taking a image inside .
contradiction	A grouping of miners people pose for a pictures in a field	The teenage people are taking a image inner .
contradiction	A panel of juvenile people pose for a photograph in a field	The miners people are taking a photography interior .
contradiction	A small boy with a red baseball caps is on a bus with boys with yellow baseball chaps on .	There are people watching the bus pass by
contradiction	A petite boy with a red baseball ceilings is on a bus with boys with yellow baseball ceilings on .	There are people watching the bus pass by
contradiction	A little boy with a red baseball ceilings is on a bus with boys with yellow baseball ceilings on .	There are people watching the bus pass by
contradiction	A teenage boy in a straw hat beverages out of a plastic pink cup .	The juvenile were in awe as they listened pasionately to the tale of the teens boy .
contradiction	A children boy in a straw hat beverages out of a plastic pink cup .	The teens were in awe as they listened pasionately to the stories of the teen boy .
contradiction	A youths boy in a straw hat drinks out of a plastic pink cup .	The teenager were in awe as they listened pasionately to the tales of the youngsters boy .
contradiction	Blond female overlooking Seattle Space Needle scene .	A male enjoying the view of the golden gate bridges .
contradiction	Blond women overlooking Seattle Space Needle scene .	A men enjoying the view of the golden gate bridges .
contradiction	Blond women overlooking Seattle Space Needle scene .	A males enjoying the view of the golden gate bridges .
contradiction	A masculine is outdoors searching directly at the camera , and in front of him is a yellow flower .	The male is near a red flowers .
contradiction	A masculine is outdoors searching directly at the camera , and in front of him is a yellow flowering .	The males is near a red flowering .
contradiction	A mens is outdoors looking directly at the camera , and in front of him is a yellow flowers .	The masculine is near a red flowering .
contradiction	A boy wearing a yellow shirt and blue underclothes is climbing a trees in a mountainous area .	The boy is playing videos game upstairs in his room .
contradiction	A boy wearing a yellow shirt and blue undergarments is climb a trees in a mountainous zone .	The boy is play videotaping game upstairs in his rooms .
contradiction	A boy wearing a yellow shirt and blue underclothes is climb a trees in a hilly sphere .	The boy is play video games upstairs in his rooms .
contradiction	A boy looks on at an electric device with three batteries interior of it and wire all around .	A boy is taking a nap in his bed .
contradiction	A boy looks on at an electric device with three batteries inland of it and wiring all around .	A boy is taking a nap in his bed .
contradiction	A boy looks on at an electrical device with three batteries indoor of it and wires all around .	A boy is taking a nap in his bed .
contradiction	An elder masculine quest over a sculpture .	The men is young
contradiction	An ancient male searching over a sculpture .	The man is young
contradiction	An elder male searching over a sculpture .	The man is young
contradiction	A boy in a green shirt is sitting in an nearly hollow stadium .	A boy is cheers for his team .
contradiction	A boy in a green shirt is sitting in an almost empty stadium .	A boy is cheering for his team .
contradiction	A boy in a green shirt is sitting in an nearly hollow stadium .	A boy is cheers for his team .
contradiction	A man with a beard sitting in front of the tours bus .	A boy is sweep the sidewalk .
contradiction	A man with a beard sitting in front of the tours bus .	A boy is sweep the pavement .
contradiction	A men with a beard sitting in front of the tours bus .	A boy is sweeping the sidewalk .
contradiction	People sitting in a dim restaurant eating .	People are slept .
contradiction	People sitting in a dim restaurant eating .	People are slept .
contradiction	People sitting in a dim restaurant eating .	People are sleep .
contradiction	A big panel of people gather at a piano bar .	One individuals at a piano bar
contradiction	A big panels of people gather at a piano bar .	One person at a piano bar
contradiction	A massive panel of people gather at a piano bar .	One persons at a piano bar
contradiction	There are two teen ladies jog , by the naval side .	Two female are fishing in the maritime .
contradiction	There are two teenage ladies jogging , by the marines side .	Two women are fishing in the marines .
contradiction	There are two adolescent ladies jog , by the marina side .	Two females are fishing in the marina .
contradiction	A historic-looking building .	The newly constructed town hall
contradiction	A historic-looking building .	The newly constructed city hall
contradiction	A historic-looking building .	The newly constructed city hall
contradiction	A kid boy in green practices juggling in a parking batch .	The juveniles mens is sleeping .
contradiction	A kids boy in green practices juggling in a parking lot .	The youthful men is sleeping .
contradiction	A minor boy in green practices juggling in a parking batch .	The adolescent men is slumber .
contradiction	Two woman on a beach .	Two female are resting indoors .
contradiction	Two woman on a beach .	Two women are rest indoors .
contradiction	Two females on a beach .	Two women are resting indoors .
contradiction	Two female in bathing suits playing on the beach .	Two daughters are aids their mothers with the laundry .
contradiction	Two females in bathing suits play on the beach .	Two daughter are helped their mom with the laundry .
contradiction	Two female in bathing suits playing on the beach .	Two daughters are aids their ma with the laundry .
contradiction	The male walks among the monumental tree .	The mas is walking next to dogs .
contradiction	The men walks among the gigantic trees .	The mas is walking next to dogs .
contradiction	The males walks among the monumental trees .	The mas is walking next to dogs .
contradiction	A racer in yellow has a convoy of bikes following behind him on a expressway as onlookers watch .	A speedwalker next to cars
contradiction	A racer in yellow has a convoy of bicycles following behind him on a interstate as bystanders watch .	A speedwalker next to cars
contradiction	A racer in yellow has a convoy of bicycles following behind him on a expressway as bystanders watch .	A speedwalker next to cars
contradiction	A persons in blue is the only person currently throwing their ball at a billiard alleyway .	The individuals is eating nachos .
contradiction	A individuals in blue is the solely individuals currently throwing their ball at a snooker alleyway .	The individuals is eating nachos .
contradiction	A person in blue is the solely person currently throwing their ball at a snooker alleyway .	The persons is eating nachos .
contradiction	A shoeshine mens works as others pass by on a busy sidewalk .	A males is working at a autos wash
contradiction	A shoeshine masculine works as others pass by on a busy pavement .	A males is working at a vehicle wash
contradiction	A shoeshine male works as others pass by on a busy sidewalk .	A males is working at a autos wash
contradiction	A cop is sitting in a van quest out the window .	The cop is standing .
contradiction	A cops is sitting in a van quest out the window .	The policing is standing .
contradiction	A policing is sitting in a van searches out the window .	The policing is standing .
contradiction	Man seated in a uniform that says `` Polizes '' on the shoulder search out a window with a clipboard , some papers , and a computers in front of him .	The men is playing a guitar .
contradiction	Man seated in a standardized that says `` Polizes '' on the shoulder search out a window with a clipboard , some papers , and a computer in front of him .	The masculine is play a guitar .
contradiction	Man seated in a uniforms that says `` Polizes '' on the shoulder quest out a window with a clipboard , some papers , and a computer in front of him .	The male is play a guitar .
contradiction	Three soldier officials are fight a fire my a building .	Three serviceman officials sit by a lake and are fishing .
contradiction	Three servicemen officials are struggle a fire my a building .	Three serviceman officials sit by a lake and are fishing .
contradiction	Three servicemen officials are battle a fire my a building .	Three serviceman officials sit by a lake and are fishing .
contradiction	A black-haired males is entertaining a crowd with a hula hoop .	The men is blond .
contradiction	A black-haired masculine is entertaining a crowd with a hula hoop .	The mens is blond .
contradiction	A black-haired man is entertaining a crowd with a hula hoop .	The males is blond .
contradiction	A male with thinning hairstyle searches into spectacles through glasses .	A full haired man is searching a drinking goggles .
contradiction	A males with thinning hairdo search into sunglasses through eyeglasses .	A full haired mens is searches a drinking spectacles .
contradiction	A male with thinning hairstyle looking into sunglasses through spectacles .	A full haired masculine is search a drinking sunglasses .
contradiction	The soccer team , clad in blue for the matching , launched to counter down the field in front of the advocate , clad in red .	A soccer team hangs out in the locker room .
contradiction	The soccer team , clad in blue for the match , commenced to counter down the field in front of the advocate , clad in red .	A soccer team hangs out in the locker room .
contradiction	The soccer team , clad in blue for the match , commenced to counter down the field in front of the defender , clad in red .	A soccer team hangs out in the locker rooms .
contradiction	Painter re-creates age works of art in a museum .	A painter creating an original work of art .
contradiction	Painter re-creates elders works of art in a museum .	A painter creating an original work of art .
contradiction	Painter re-creates old works of art in a museum .	A painter creating an original work of art .
contradiction	An artist replicating another artist 's work and a man quest at the original art .	The surrealist is running wind sprints .
contradiction	An artist replicating another artist 's work and a men searching at the original art .	The surrealist is running wind sprints .
contradiction	An artist replicating another artist 's work and a mens searching at the original art .	The surrealist is running wind sprints .
contradiction	A seniors citizen wearing a hat , blue button up shirt , Khaki shorts and sandals walking in a park holding two icing cream cones .	The male is sitting on a bench .
contradiction	A seniors citizen wearing a hat , blue button up shirt , Khaki shorts and sandals walking in a park holding two ice cream cones .	The male is sitting on a bench .
contradiction	A aging citizen wearing a hat , blue button up shirt , Khaki shorts and sandals walking in a park holding two icing cream cones .	The masculine is sitting on a bench .
contradiction	Two small teen without shirts are sitting down facing each other .	Two miner are slumber at daycare
contradiction	Two petite youths without shirts are sitting down facing each other .	Two teenagers are slept at daycare
contradiction	Two small teenaged without shirts are sitting down facing each other .	Two teenagers are sleeping at daycare
contradiction	A women wearing eyeglasses is frowning .	The happy women has gigantic green eyes .
contradiction	A women wearing glasses is frowning .	The happy female has huge green eyes .
contradiction	A females wearing sunglasses is frowning .	The happy females has immense green eyes .
contradiction	A group of mens in blue shirts , banded hats , and red bandannas stand in a grouping .	a bunch of eagles are eating a bug
contradiction	A groups of mens in blue shirts , banded hats , and red bandannas stand in a grouping .	a bunch of eagles are eating a bug
contradiction	A groups of masculine in blue shirts , banded hats , and red bandannas stand in a grouping .	a bunch of eagles are eating a bug
contradiction	A females player in white and black , shipped the volleyball over the net , while the opposed team in marine blue , tries to block it , as the coach and a few viewers watch , in a gym .	There is no volleyball
contradiction	A female player in white and black , sending the volleyball over the net , while the opposing team in marina blue , tries to block it , as the coaching and a few viewers watch , in a gym .	There is no volleyball
contradiction	A woman player in white and negro , send the volleyball over the netted , while the oppose team in marine blue , tries to block it , as the coaches and a few viewers watch , in a gym .	There is no volleyball
contradiction	A construction worker stands in front of a red truck which has the word `` hot '' on the side .	Someone slept on the ground next to a jeep .
contradiction	A construction worker stands in front of a red truck which has the word `` hot '' on the side .	Someone slept on the ground next to a jeep .
contradiction	A construction worker stands in front of a red truck which has the word `` hot '' on the side .	Someone sleeping on the ground next to a jeep .
contradiction	A teenage with curly blond-hair looks at another kids with lengthy brown hairdo while sitting on a bench .	The boys are playing dodge ball .
contradiction	A adolescents with curly blond-hair looks at another youth with lengthy brown hairstyle while sitting on a bench .	The boys are play dodge ball .
contradiction	A teenager with curly blond-hair looks at another miner with long brown hair while sitting on a bench .	The boys are playing dodge ball .
contradiction	A racer in a negro and blue standardized competes in a errand .	he doesnt have legs
contradiction	A racer in a negro and blue standardized competes in a races .	he doesnt have legs
contradiction	A racer in a black and blue standardized competes in a errand .	he doesnt have legs
contradiction	A individuals with a striped tubes standing in the mid of a crowd of people .	A person is alone in a dark room .
contradiction	A persons with a striped pipes standing in the mid of a crowd of people .	A person is alone in a dark rooms .
contradiction	A persons with a striped pipes standing in the middle of a crowd of people .	A persons is alone in a dark rooms .
contradiction	A underage woman standing on the deck of a navigating starring at her mobile while riding on the water .	A girls is talking on a landline .
contradiction	A youth woman standing on the deck of a battleship starring at her portable while riding on the water .	A girls is talking on a landline .
contradiction	A adolescence woman standing on the deck of a survey starring at her laptop while riding on the water .	A daughter is talking on a landline .
contradiction	A negro scientist looks through a scope probing a organic specimen 's blood cells .	he eats stars
contradiction	A black scientists looks through a scope surveys a biological specimen 's blood cells .	he eats stars
contradiction	A black investigator looks through a scope ship a biological specimen 's blood cells .	he eats stars
contradiction	Workers standing on a hoisting .	Workers walk off a lift
contradiction	Workers standing on a lifted .	Workers walk off a lift
contradiction	Workers standing on a hoisting .	Workers walk off a lift
contradiction	Some people are relaxed in front of a heavy red building .	Lots of people are walking by a little red building .
contradiction	Some people are relaxed in front of a mammoth red building .	Lots of people are walking by a small red building .
contradiction	Some people are relaxed in front of a massive red building .	Lots of people are walking by a small red building .
contradiction	Three men playing musical instruments .	Three people build a houses .
contradiction	Three mens playing musical instruments .	Three people build a housing .
contradiction	Three male play musical instruments .	Three people build a house .
contradiction	A female lies in the grass in the park is wearing a red top and black capri breeches and is barefoot .	A woman is sitting on a park bench wearing sandals .
contradiction	A woman lie in the grass in the park is wearing a red top and negro capri slacks and is barefoot .	A woman is sitting on a park bench wearing sandals .
contradiction	A females lurks in the grass in the park is wearing a red top and black capri undergarments and is barefoot .	A female is sitting on a park bench wearing sandals .
contradiction	A kid boy dressed in negro and green is laying down in a tent outboard with item surrounding him .	A daughters lays down in front of a tent
contradiction	A adolescence boy clothed in negro and green is laying down in a tent outdoor with item surrounding him .	A girls lays down in front of a tent
contradiction	A kids boy dressed in black and green is laying down in a tent outside with item surrounding him .	A girls lays down in front of a tent
contradiction	Workers standing on a hoist .	Workers walk home from work
contradiction	Workers standing on a lifted .	Workers walk home from work
contradiction	Workers standing on a lifted .	Workers walk home from work
contradiction	A males with brown underclothes and boots moving a tent .	A hiker is slumber in a tent .
contradiction	A masculine with brown underclothes and boots moving a tent .	A hiker is sleeping in a tent .
contradiction	A mens with brown slacks and boots moving a tent .	A hiker is sleeping in a tent .
contradiction	Small girls in an apron placing confetti in a woman 's hairstyle .	A female bathing her daughters .
contradiction	Small girl in an apron place confetti in a females 's hairdo .	A woman bathing her girls .
contradiction	Small daughters in an apron place confetti in a woman 's hairdo .	A women bathing her girl .
contradiction	A masculine in a blue shirt , blue jeans , and a red apron standing at a grill .	A males bakes a cake .
contradiction	A male in a blue shirt , blue jeans , and a red apron standing at a grill .	A male bakes a cake .
contradiction	A mens in a blue shirt , blue jeans , and a red apron standing at a grille .	A man bakes a cake .
contradiction	A masculine pointing into the ear wearing a striped shirt in a petite explorer filled with varying people .	A male is pointing into the footing and wearing a striped shirt .
contradiction	A man pointing into the ear wearing a striped shirt in a small examined filled with various people .	A masculine is pointing into the feet and wearing a striped shirt .
contradiction	A man pointing into the ear wearing a striped shirt in a small vessel filled with diverse people .	A men is pointing into the feet and wearing a striped shirt .
contradiction	A dusty boy runs along a dirt paths through the grass .	A daughters is pursues a rabbits .
contradiction	A dusty boy runs along a dirt routes through the grass .	A daughters is hunts a bunny .
contradiction	A dusty boy runs along a dirt routing through the grass .	A girl is hunts a bunny .
contradiction	A fireman climbs up a ladder toward flames while surrounded by smokers .	A fireman initiate a fire .
contradiction	A firefighting climbs up a ladder toward flames while surrounded by cigarettes .	A firefighting commence a fire .
contradiction	A firefighters climbs up a ladder towards flames while surrounded by cigarettes .	A firefighting initiate a fire .
contradiction	Two masculine in suits standing in front of a bus , one is wearing a medal .	The male are seated in lawn chairs .
contradiction	Two man in suits standing in front of a bus , one is wearing a medals .	The men are seated in lawn chair .
contradiction	Two man in suits standing in front of a bus , one is wearing a decorations .	The man are seated in lawn chair .
contradiction	The man in colorful shorts is barefoot .	The man wears negro undergarments and garb footwear .
contradiction	The males in colorful shorts is barefoot .	The men wears negro underpants and attire footwear .
contradiction	The males in colorful shorts is barefoot .	The mens wears negro underclothes and frock shoe .
contradiction	Rider in ceremonial garb rides white Arabian equestrian , also wearing ceremonial blankets and tassels .	The horse is asleep next to the males .
contradiction	Rider in ceremonial frock rides white Arabian horse , also wearing ceremonial blankets and tassels .	The horse is asleep next to the masculine .
contradiction	Rider in ceremonial frock rides white Arabian equestrian , also wearing ceremonial blankets and tassels .	The horse is asleep next to the mens .
contradiction	Two people conversations on a wharf .	women shopping at the mall
contradiction	Two people conversation on a wharf .	women shopping at the mall
contradiction	Two people conversation on a dock .	women shopping at the mall
contradiction	A petite dog runs to catch a ball .	The dog is asleep on the sofa .
contradiction	A petite dog runs to catch a ball .	The dog is asleep on the sofa .
contradiction	A small dog runs to catch a ball .	The dog is asleep on the sofa .
contradiction	An accordion player with a bright colored shirt sitting outer in a chairs with a underage man in a blue t-shirt passing by .	The men 's shirt is negro .
contradiction	An accordion player with a bright colored shirt sitting outdoor in a chair with a kid males in a blue t-shirt passing by .	The male 's shirt is black .
contradiction	An accordion player with a bright colored shirt sitting outside in a chair with a teen males in a blue t-shirt passing by .	The masculine 's shirt is negro .
contradiction	Bespectacled male in suit opens pocketbook while a cadet dame in formal wear laughs with him .	A female is walking after a masculine who is running from her .
contradiction	Bespectacled males in suit opens wallet while a younger lady in formal wear laughs with him .	A women is walking after a male who is running from her .
contradiction	Bespectacled mens in suit opened wallet while a cadet lady in formal wear laughs with him .	A female is walking after a males who is running from her .
contradiction	A boy rollerskating in the street .	A boy is sleeping
contradiction	A boy rollerskating in the street .	A boy is sleeping
contradiction	A boy rollerskating in the street .	A boy is sleeping
contradiction	A boy rollerskating in the street .	A boy is skate with a hockey stick
contradiction	A boy rollerskating in the street .	A boy is skating with a hockey stick
contradiction	A boy rollerskating in the street .	A boy is skate with a hockey stick
contradiction	Men sitting at a tables in a church .	The men praying at the alters .
contradiction	Men sitting at a tables in a church .	The males pray at the alters .
contradiction	Men sitting at a table in a church .	The male praying at the alters .
contradiction	Man in robe making designs on filth ground .	A mens play in the sand at the beach .
contradiction	Man in robe making designs on filth ground .	A man play in the sand at the beach .
contradiction	Man in gown making designs on filth ground .	A male playing in the sand at the beach .
contradiction	A masculine with a blue and white wallets and negro jeans and jacket walks by a vast monument surrounded by a gray fences .	A person is cooking hot dogs at the beach .
contradiction	A males with a blue and white satchel and negro jeans and jacket walks by a massive monument surrounded by a gray fencing .	A person is cooking hot dogs at the beach .
contradiction	A male with a blue and white handbag and black jeans and jacket walks by a hefty memorial surrounded by a gray fences .	A individuals is cook hot dogs at the beach .
contradiction	A males with a grey beard and a little boy are sitting on the floor searches over some papers in a room with a bunk bed .	The mens and the boy are taking a nap on the bunk beds .
contradiction	A man with a grey beard and a little boy are sitting on the floor quest over some papers in a rooms with a bunk bed .	The mens and the boy are taking a nap on the bunk beds .
contradiction	A mens with a gray beard and a little boy are sitting on the floor quest over some papers in a rooms with a bunk bed .	The men and the boy are taking a nap on the bunk beds .
contradiction	A females is carrying two miners in the mid of a monumental crowd .	the women is lies down sleeping
contradiction	A women is carry two young in the media of a gigantic crowd .	the females is lying down sleeping
contradiction	A women is carrying two juvenile in the middle of a overwhelming crowd .	the women is lie down sleeping
contradiction	a teenaged boy using a field microscope to discovering a field specimen during a field voyage .	The teens daughters looks through the telescope .
contradiction	a teens boy using a field microscope to identify a field specimen during a field travelling .	The children girl looks through the telescopes .
contradiction	a underage boy using a field microscope to identification a field specimen during a field voyage .	The youngsters girls looks through the telescope .
contradiction	A white dog with brown spots running on a dirt path	A negro dog walks on a concrete routes .
contradiction	A white dog with brown spots running on a dirt path	A black dog walks on a concrete routing .
contradiction	A white dog with brown smudges running on a dirt path	A negro dog walks on a concrete pathway .
contradiction	A red-haired females in a pink shirt attempts to descend a trees .	A women throwing apples .
contradiction	A red-haired woman in a pink shirt attempts to descend a trees .	A female throwing apples .
contradiction	A red-haired females in a pink shirt attempts to descend a trees .	A females throwing apples .
contradiction	An Indian woman is dancing with her partners .	A women is swim .
contradiction	An Indian females is dance with her partner .	A women is swimming .
contradiction	An Indian females is dance with her partners .	A woman is swimming .
contradiction	Man sitting on bench with luggage waiting for his source of transporting .	The mens is on a carpet .
contradiction	Man sitting on bench with baggage wait for his source of transports .	The masculine is on a rug .
contradiction	Man sitting on bench with suitcase waiting for his source of transported .	The men is on a carpet .
contradiction	A yellow backhoe near a enormous piling of filth and rocks near a blue machine with a worker standing on it .	A worker is on a break .
contradiction	A yellow backhoe near a hefty pile of dirt and rocks near a blue machine with a worker standing on it .	A worker is on a break .
contradiction	A yellow backhoe near a enormous pile of dirt and rocks near a blue machine with a worker standing on it .	A worker is on a break .
contradiction	A females in a gray dress walks down the street .	The female is eating lunch .
contradiction	A woman in a gray dress walks down the street .	The woman is eating lunch .
contradiction	A females in a gray garb walks down the street .	The woman is eating lunch .
contradiction	Someone in green trousers is on a white snowboard in the plane .	The individuals is rest .
contradiction	Someone in green breeches is on a white skiing in the aerial .	The person is resting .
contradiction	Someone in green breeches is on a white skiing in the plane .	The person is rest .
contradiction	A mens wearing a jacket is listening to headsets while walking down the sidewalk along a street .	A male sitting on a bench exterior .
contradiction	A masculine wearing a jacket is listening to headsets while walking down the sidewalk along a street .	A male sitting on a bench outdoor .
contradiction	A man wearing a jacket is listening to headsets while walking down the pavement along a street .	A man sitting on a bench exterior .
contradiction	A mens wearing a jacket is listening to headphones while walking down the sidewalk along a street .	A baby sits in a crib .
contradiction	A man wearing a jacket is listening to headsets while walking down the pavement along a street .	A baby sits in a crib .
contradiction	A male wearing a jacket is listening to headset while walking down the pavement along a street .	A baby sits in a crib .
contradiction	Tan dog running through lengthy grass in a park-like setting .	A masculine chops veggies .
contradiction	Tan dog running through lengthy grass in a park-like setting .	A male chops veggies .
contradiction	Tan dog running through lengthy grass in a park-like setting .	A men chops veggies .
contradiction	A males has flung itself over a poles with people and canopies in the background .	The males is running after a robber .
contradiction	A male has flung itself over a poles with people and canopies in the background .	The male is running after a robber .
contradiction	A male has flung himself over a poles with people and canopies in the background .	The males is running after a robber .
contradiction	A men in gray on a rocky cliff , overlooking the mountains .	The male is underwater quest for fishes .
contradiction	A males in grey on a rocky cliff , overlooking the mountains .	The masculine is underwater searches for fishes .
contradiction	A men in gray on a rocky cliff , overlooking the mountains .	The masculine is submarine searches for fish .
contradiction	Three people are standing on a lit stage while group of people sitting at tables face them .	There are solely two people .
contradiction	Three people are standing on a lit stage while grouping of people sitting at table face them .	There are solely two people .
contradiction	Three people are standing on a lighted stages while group of people sitting at table face them .	There are only two people .
contradiction	Six seated male opposite and one males fiddles with an interesting contraption .	Women are sitting around a tables drinking coffee .
contradiction	Six seated men converse and one man fiddles with an interesting contraption .	Women are sitting around a tables drinking coffee .
contradiction	Six seated males opposite and one males fiddles with an interesting contraption .	Women are sitting around a tables drinking coffee .
contradiction	A males looking over a motorcycles 's rear wheeled in the upkeep garage with various tools visible in the background .	A male waits outer a garage .
contradiction	A males searches over a motorbike 's rear wheeled in the maintenance garage with different tools visible in the background .	A men waits outboard a garage .
contradiction	A male searches over a bike 's rear wheel in the maintenance garage with many tools visible in the background .	A mens waits outside a garage .
contradiction	A smiling girl walking and a frowning daughter with a cellphones .	A smiling boy walking and a frowning girls with a cellphones .
contradiction	A smiling girls walking and a frowning daughter with a telephone .	A smiling boy walking and a frowning girl with a phones .
contradiction	A smiling daughter walking and a frowning girl with a telephones .	A smiling boy walking and a frowning daughter with a phones .
contradiction	A short-haired man is jumping while on top of a gigantic boulder .	The mens is sitting down on the rock .
contradiction	A short-haired male is jumping while on top of a large boulder .	The masculine is sitting down on the rock .
contradiction	A short-haired man is jumping while on top of a jumbo boulder .	The men is sitting down on the rock .
contradiction	A male in grey uniform is cutting something on the ground while a men in white standardized is watching him .	The male are hosting a news show .
contradiction	A mens in grey uniformed is chop something on the ground while a masculine in white uniformed is watching him .	The males are hosting a news show .
contradiction	A male in gray uniform is cutting something on the ground while a males in white uniformed is watching him .	The males are hosting a news show .
contradiction	Five rodeo contestants waiting their turn .	Two rodeo competitors waiting their turning .
contradiction	Five rodeo contenders wait their turning .	Two rodeo contestants wait their turning .
contradiction	Five rodeo contestants waiting their turning .	Two rodeo competitors wait their turn .
contradiction	Children on the beach with their dog .	The smaller are asleep on the couch with their dog .
contradiction	Children on the beach with their dog .	The youth are asleep on the couch with their dog .
contradiction	Children on the beach with their dog .	The youngsters are asleep on the couch with their dog .
contradiction	A jubilant crowd clothed fabulously in purple red and yellow-gold move in step on a metropolitan street .	One individuals walking on the street .
contradiction	A jubilant crowd attired fabulously in purple red and yellow-gold move in step on a metropolitan street .	One persons walking on the street .
contradiction	A jubilant crowd attired fabulously in purple red and yellow-gold move in step on a metropolitan street .	One individuals walking on the street .
contradiction	Two people walking down a narrow alley with monumental buildings on each side .	Two people are sitting in an alley .
contradiction	Two people walking down a confined alleyway with mammoth buildings on each side .	Two people are sitting in an alleyway .
contradiction	Two people walking down a restrained alleyway with enormous buildings on each side .	Two people are sitting in an alley .
contradiction	A women in a red long-sleeved shirt and blue jeans stands at the lectern speaking at or approximately GLAM U WIKI .	A women is doing a stage scuba into a crowd .
contradiction	A female in a red long-sleeved shirt and blue jeans stands at the lectern speaking at or roughly GLAM U WIKI .	A female is doing a stages dives into a crowd .
contradiction	A women in a red long-sleeved shirt and blue jeans stands at the lectern speaking at or roughly GLAM U WIKI .	A women is doing a stages dives into a crowd .
contradiction	An antiquated man in a light green shirt and dark green pants holds the hand of an elders women as they pass an outer eatery with teal umbrellas .	An antique search couple is riding in the back of a cab in the medium of a city .
contradiction	An senior man in a light green shirt and dark green panties holds the hand of an age woman as they pass an exterior eatery with teal umbrellas .	An antiquated quest couple is riding in the back of a taxi in the medium of a town .
contradiction	An aging men in a light green shirt and dark green trousers holds the hand of an seniors female as they pass an outer eatery with teal umbrellas .	An elder looking couple is riding in the back of a taxi in the medium of a city .
contradiction	A dark-haired masculine wearing a black and white t-shirt eats in a park surrounded by people .	A men sits in the cafeteria .
contradiction	A dark-haired men wearing a black and white t-shirt eats in a park surrounded by people .	A males sits in the cafeteria .
contradiction	A dark-haired masculine wearing a black and white t-shirt eats in a park surrounded by people .	A male sits in the cafeteria .
contradiction	A golfer is getting poised to putt on the green , with a crowd of people watching in the background .	The golfer retired from playing today .
contradiction	A golfing is getting ready to putt on the green , with a crowd of people watching in the background .	The golfing retired from play today .
contradiction	A golf is getting poised to putt on the green , with a crowd of people watching in the background .	The golfing retires from playing today .
contradiction	People boating on a lake with the sun through the clouds in the distance .	kids at zoo
contradiction	People boating on a lake with the sun through the clouds in the distance .	kids at zoo
contradiction	People boating on a lake with the sun through the clouds in the distance .	kids at zoo
contradiction	Two females are getting their photographed taken with a male in his underwear .	The is one woman in the photographing .
contradiction	Two woman are getting their photograph taken with a males in his underwear .	The is one female in the photographic .
contradiction	Two female are getting their images taken with a mens in his underwear .	The is one women in the photographed .
contradiction	Two women are getting their photographs taken with a males in his underwear .	The females are in their underwear .
contradiction	Two woman are getting their photographs taken with a man in his underwear .	The women are in their underwear .
contradiction	Two woman are getting their pictures taken with a mens in his underwear .	The woman are in their underwear .
contradiction	A man in a blue jacket leans on a post and talks on the cellphones while an aging masculine carries yellow backpack .	Chew Wrigley 's Spearmint beer .
contradiction	A male in a blue jacket leans on a post and talks on the telephones while an aging mens carries yellow handbags .	Chew Wrigley 's Spearmint beer .
contradiction	A masculine in a blue jacket leans on a post and talks on the telephone while an elderly man carries yellow purses .	Chew Wrigley 's Spearmint beer .
contradiction	Two women are relaxing in a hot bathtub .	Two mens are in the hot bathroom .
contradiction	Two female are relaxing in a hot tub .	Two masculine are in the hot bathroom .
contradiction	Two females are relaxed in a hot restrooms .	Two mens are in the hot bathtub .
contradiction	A juvenile in a ninja outfit does a jumping kick .	a teenage is wrestling with bears
contradiction	A youthful in a ninja outfit does a jumping kick .	a minor is wrestling with bears
contradiction	A teenager in a ninja outfit does a jumping kick .	a youths is wrestling with bears
contradiction	A men in a naval blue shirt is tossing a boy with a hefty smile on his face high into the aviation .	A males tossing a daughter into the plane .
contradiction	A man in a marina blue shirt is tossing a boy with a vast smile on his face high into the airliner .	A mens tossing a daughters into the aircraft .
contradiction	A male in a nautical blue shirt is tossing a boy with a massive smile on his face high into the planes .	A male tossing a girl into the aeroplane .
contradiction	Phone to her ear , a woman bends forward at the side of a busy street .	Phone to her butt , a women bends forward
contradiction	Phone to her ear , a female bends forwards at the side of a busy street .	Phone to her butt , a women bends forward
contradiction	Phone to her ear , a females bends forwards at the side of a busy street .	Phone to her butt , a female bends forward
contradiction	A female is leaning down while conversation to her phone .	The women is speaking into a cow bladder
contradiction	A females is leaning down while conversation to her phones .	The female is speaking into a cow bladder
contradiction	A women is leaning down while talking to her telephone .	The woman is speaking into a cow bladder
contradiction	A soft concentrated photographer of a little girls wearing an orange sweater .	A girl is wearing a yellow jumper .
contradiction	A soft focusing photos of a small girls wearing an orange jumper .	A daughters is wearing a yellow jumper .
contradiction	A soft concentration pictures of a petite daughters wearing an orange jumper .	A girl is wearing a yellow jumper .
contradiction	The males in the blue shirt is relax on the rocks .	The males is shirtless on the beach .
contradiction	The male in the blue shirt is relax on the rocks .	The men is shirtless on the beach .
contradiction	The masculine in the blue shirt is relax on the rocks .	The men is shirtless on the beach .
contradiction	Three man are play frisbee in the timber .	Three guys are hiking across the deserts .
contradiction	Three men are play frisbee in the timber .	Three guys are hiking across the desert .
contradiction	Three male are playing frisbee in the wooden .	Three guys are hiking across the desert .
contradiction	Five woman wearing red shirts are leaning against a red automobile .	Everyone is wearing blue but looks red due to the sun glare .
contradiction	Five women wearing red shirts are leaning against a red vehicle .	Everyone is wearing blue but looks red due to the sun glare .
contradiction	Five women wearing red shirts are leaning against a red auto .	Everyone is wearing blue but looks red due to the sun glare .
contradiction	A dark-haired dame with a big smile is wearing a bright red scarf .	The dark-haired dame frowned and wore all black
contradiction	A dark-haired dame with a monumental smile is wearing a bright red scarf .	The dark-haired dame frowned and wore all black
contradiction	A dark-haired dame with a big smile is wearing a bright red scarf .	The dark-haired dame frowned and wore all black
contradiction	An SUV travelling through mud .	A four wheeler is passing
contradiction	An SUV trip through mud .	A four wheeler is passing
contradiction	An SUV trips through mud .	A four wheeler is passing
contradiction	An SUV journey through clay .	Biking done on the rocky hill
contradiction	An SUV travels through clay .	Biking done on the rocky hill
contradiction	An SUV voyage through clay .	Biking done on the rocky hill
contradiction	A males wearing a brown shirt and satchel is pushing a stroller while a little toddler is walking along aside him on a rain-covered street .	The masculine 's shirt is white .
contradiction	A men wearing a brown shirt and handbag is pushing a stroller while a little toddler is walking along aside him on a rain-covered street .	The man 's shirt is white .
contradiction	A mens wearing a brown shirt and pockets is pushing a stroller while a small toddler is walking along aside him on a rain-covered street .	The men 's shirt is white .
contradiction	Two man in strenuous hats sawing a plank of timber .	A monkey chase after a rattlesnake .
contradiction	Two mens in hard hats sawing a plank of lumber .	A monkey chase after a rattlesnake .
contradiction	Two male in stiff hats sawing a plank of lumber .	A monkey manhunt after a rattlesnake .
contradiction	People standing in front of a gray building with a sign that reads ' Tickets Available Here ' .	The people are indoor the classroom .
contradiction	People standing in front of a gray building with a sign that reads ' Tickets Available Here ' .	The people are interior the classroom .
contradiction	People standing in front of a grey building with a sign that reads ' Tickets Available Here ' .	The people are indoor the classroom .
contradiction	A soccer player in white karate a ball as another soccer player lunges toward the ball and a thirds soccer player in red follows close by .	The three gamers are chase after the hockey puck .
contradiction	A soccer player in white karate a ball as another soccer player lunges toward the ball and a third soccer player in red follows close by .	The three gamers are manhunt after the hockey puck .
contradiction	A soccer player in white karate a ball as another soccer player lunges toward the ball and a third soccer player in red follows close by .	The three players are chases after the hockey puck .
contradiction	Three man are sitting outdoor on chairs with red seating .	Three masculine are sitting at the kitchen table .
contradiction	Three men are sitting outside on chair with red seating .	Three man are sitting at the kitchen tables .
contradiction	Three mens are sitting outside on chair with red seats .	Three men are sitting at the kitchen tables .
contradiction	A smaller sits in a trees holding a branch .	The adult jumped up onto the tree .
contradiction	A teen sits in a tree holding a branch .	The grownups jumped up onto the trees .
contradiction	A juveniles sits in a trees holding a branch .	The adult jumped up onto the trees .
contradiction	Customers are orders food at a cafe .	There are no clients at the cafe .
contradiction	Customers are order food at a cafe .	There are no customer at the cafe .
contradiction	Customers are orders food at a cafe .	There are no client at the cafe .
contradiction	A mom and her boy are riding in a bumper vehicles .	The ma and boy are on a roller coaster .
contradiction	A mommy and her boy are riding in a bumper motors .	The mother and boy are on a roller coaster .
contradiction	A mum and her boy are riding in a bumper cars .	The mommy and boy are on a roller coaster .
contradiction	A males in an orange hat holds a ball .	A mens in a blue hat drops the ball .
contradiction	A masculine in an orange hat holds a ball .	A male in a blue hat drops the ball .
contradiction	A man in an orange hat holds a ball .	A men in a blue hat drops the ball .
contradiction	Two woman bend over to touch a small kangaroo .	The woman are wipes a windshield
contradiction	Two female bend over to touch a little kangaroo .	The females are wipes a windshield
contradiction	Two women bend over to touch a petite kangaroo .	The females are wiping a windshield
contradiction	A daughter in a purple top , baggy breeches and sneakers is blowing a kissing , while another daughters in black watches .	A girl is smoke a cigar in a pool hall .
contradiction	A girls in a purple top , baggy underpants and sneakers is blowing a kiss , while another girl in black watches .	A girl is smoking a cigar in a pool hall .
contradiction	A girl in a purple top , baggy breeches and sneakers is blowing a kissing , while another girl in black clocks .	A daughters is tobacco a cigar in a pool hall .
contradiction	An Asian man makes confront for the camera .	The man is not Asian .
contradiction	An Asian men makes confront for the camera .	The mens is not Asian .
contradiction	An Asian mens makes faces for the camera .	The male is not Asian .
contradiction	Three people sit on a bench at a station , the male looks oddly at the two woman , the redheaded woman looks up and forward in an awkward stance , and the yellow blond daughter twiddles with her hair .	Some people stand around .
contradiction	Three people sit on a bench at a station , the male looks oddly at the two female , the redheaded female looks up and forward in an awkward position , and the yellow blond girls twiddles with her hairstyle .	Some people stand around .
contradiction	Three people sit on a bench at a station , the men looks oddly at the two woman , the redheaded females looks up and forwards in an awkward position , and the yellow blond girls twiddles with her hairdo .	Some people stand around .
contradiction	There is a hefty grouping of people standing together mostly wearing Canada symbols .	There is one individuals .
contradiction	There is a enormous panel of people standing together mostly wearing Canada symbols .	There is one persons .
contradiction	There is a monumental groups of people standing together basically wearing Canada symbols .	There is one individuals .
contradiction	A casually clothed teenagers blond female is search away unfortunately as couple near her are kiss .	A toddler has overturned their bowl of food and is crying .
contradiction	A casually clothed teenager blond woman is searches away unfortunately as couple near her are kissing .	A toddler has overturned their bowl of food and is crying .
contradiction	A casually dressed teenagers blond woman is search away unfortunately as couple near her are kiss .	A toddler has overturned their bowl of food and is crying .
contradiction	Two guys in blue shirts talking .	Two masculine wearing varying colours shirts walking past each other .
contradiction	Two guys in blue shirts talking .	Two masculine wearing numerous colours shirts walking past each other .
contradiction	Two guys in blue shirts conversation .	Two man wearing diverse colors shirts walking past each other .
contradiction	A women is holding a big checking for Kids Food Basket .	She is theft from them .
contradiction	A women is holding a jumbo checked for Kids Food Basket .	She is stealing from them .
contradiction	A women is holding a vast audit for Kids Food Basket .	She is steal from them .
contradiction	A masculine wearing a football uniform kicking a football during a football game .	A females runs down the field .
contradiction	A man wearing a football standardized kicking a football during a football game .	A females runs down the field .
contradiction	A males wearing a football standardized kicking a football during a football game .	A females runs down the field .
contradiction	The men in the white shirt holds up a playing valentines .	The males is holding up a domino .
contradiction	The mens in the white shirt holds up a playing cards .	The males is holding up a domino .
contradiction	The men in the white shirt holds up a play card .	The masculine is holding up a domino .
contradiction	A person is sitting in front of a graffiti cover wall .	A person is laying at home
contradiction	A persons is sitting in front of a graffiti cover wall .	A person is laying at home
contradiction	A person is sitting in front of a graffiti covered wall .	A persons is laying at home
contradiction	a brown dog standing in the medium of a heavy field .	A dog is riding in the vehicles .
contradiction	a brown dog standing in the middle of a large field .	A dog is riding in the motors .
contradiction	a brown dog standing in the middle of a immense field .	A dog is riding in the vehicular .
contradiction	A brown-haired women in a blue shirt , wearing a bib number from a marathon , holds a gold trophy and poses with a blond female in a negro frock .	A woman is wearing a green tshirt
contradiction	A brown-haired women in a blue shirt , wearing a bib number from a marathon , holds a gold trophy and poses with a blond female in a black dress .	A females is wearing a green tshirt
contradiction	A brown-haired woman in a blue shirt , wearing a bib number from a marathon , holds a gold trophy and poses with a blond females in a black garb .	A women is wearing a green tshirt
contradiction	Two lacrosse gamers are running on the sports-field .	No one who is shown has ever played a sports .
contradiction	Two lacrosse gamers are running on the sports-field .	No one who is shown has ever played a sports .
contradiction	Two lacrosse players are running on the sports-field .	No one who is shown has ever played a athlete .
contradiction	A men cooks over high flames .	A males is raking the yard .
contradiction	A mens cooking over high flames .	A men is raking the yard .
contradiction	A masculine cooking over high flames .	A mens is raking the yard .
contradiction	A female wearing a grey sweater stands in the street near a green pole .	A males wearing a sweater inside
contradiction	A female wearing a gray sweater stands in the street near a green poles .	A mens wearing a sweater inside
contradiction	A female wearing a gray sweater stands in the street near a green pole .	A men wearing a sweater inside
contradiction	Man on telephone in company suit walking down a busy street .	A men is driving down a busy road .
contradiction	Man on cellphones in businesses suit walking down a busy street .	A males is drives down a busy paths .
contradiction	Man on phones in companies suit walking down a busy street .	A males is driving down a busy path .
contradiction	Casually attired miner masculine and female are sitting and laying on a grassy spheres with cycling and other personal belongings reading on a sunny day .	A little boy pushes an oily men off a deck .
contradiction	Casually attired teenagers male and females are sitting and laying on a grassy spheres with biking and other personal belongings reading on a sunny day .	A petite boy pushes an oily males off a deck .
contradiction	Casually attired underage males and female are sitting and laying on a grassy areas with motorbike and other personal belongings reading on a sunny day .	A little boy pushes an oily masculine off a deck .
contradiction	Three mens are using Washington Mutual ATMs outdoor near a parking batch .	Three masculine are playing poker .
contradiction	Three male are using Washington Mutual ATMs outside near a parking lot .	Three males are play poker .
contradiction	Three mens are using Washington Mutual ATMs outside near a parking batch .	Three man are play poker .
contradiction	A teens female is standing on a sloping , facing the top of the slope .	A mens sleds down a slanted .
contradiction	A minors females is standing on a slope , facing the top of the slope .	A masculine sleds down a sloping .
contradiction	A teens women is standing on a inclined , facing the top of the angled .	A mens sleds down a slanted .
contradiction	A daughters in a red and white uniform is swinging a bat .	The boy is swinging at his baseball game .
contradiction	A girl in a red and white standardized is swinging a bat .	The boy is swinging at his baseball game .
contradiction	A daughters in a red and white uniforms is swinging a bat .	The boy is swinging at his baseball games .
contradiction	A male crouches down next to a cycle .	A males stands near a fire hydrant .
contradiction	A mens crouches down next to a cycle .	A male stands near a fire hydrant .
contradiction	A man crouches down next to a motorbike .	A men stands near a fire hydrant .
contradiction	A male wearing a purple chap , yellow snow sunglasses , a periwinkle jacket and red bag moves faster through powdery snow near a winter trees .	The men is making a snow angel .
contradiction	A male wearing a purple cap , yellow snowy eyeglasses , a periwinkle jacket and red bags moves fast through powdery snow near a winter trees .	The males is making a snow angel .
contradiction	A mens wearing a purple caps , yellow snowy spectacles , a periwinkle jacket and red bags moves promptly through powdery snowy near a winter tree .	The mens is making a snow angels .
contradiction	An seniors Man wearing a olive green shirt and red and white striped apron is stacking cheese .	A female is eating some friend dumpling dumplings
contradiction	An older Man wearing a olive green shirt and red and white striped apron is stacking cheese .	A females is eating some friend dumpling dumplings
contradiction	An antique Man wearing a olive green shirt and red and white striped apron is stacking cheese .	A women is eating some friend dumpling dumplings
contradiction	A minors negro masculine is getting his hairdo buzzed off .	The dame is at the hairstyle salon .
contradiction	A youngsters negro male is getting his hairstyle buzzed off .	The lady is at the hairstyle salon .
contradiction	A teen negro mens is getting his hairstyle buzzed off .	The dame is at the hairstyle salon .
contradiction	A teenagers boy is jumping down an inflatable water ride .	The boy is dead
contradiction	A minor boy is jumping down an inflatable water ride .	The boy is dead
contradiction	A adolescent boy is jumping down an inflatable water ride .	The boy is dead
contradiction	Four man and three females , all in their beach garb , hang around a petite cliff by the maritime as one mens is about to diving into the water .	Nobody has beach attire
contradiction	Four man and three female , all in their beach dress , hang around a petite cliff by the oceans as one masculine is roughly to dives into the water .	Nobody has beach attire
contradiction	Four men and three women , all in their beach garb , hang around a small cliff by the navy as one male is approximately to scuba into the water .	Nobody has beach attire
contradiction	Five minor indian girl frock in colorful dresses are holding hands and smiling forming a circle	Five girl are baking a cake .
contradiction	Five adolescence indian girl dress in colorful dresses are holding hands and smiling forming a circle	Five daughters are baking a cake .
contradiction	Five youthful indian daughters attire in colorful dresses are holding hands and smiling forming a circle	Five daughter are baking a cake .
contradiction	A adolescents woman in white working in a professionals kitchen .	The female is sitting in the bedroom .
contradiction	A teenaged woman in white working in a professional kitchen .	The female is sitting in the bedroom .
contradiction	A young female in white working in a professional kitchen .	The women is sitting in the chamber .
contradiction	two girls looking out the window at `` Hair at Hart . ''	A poultry attack its reflection in a window .
contradiction	two girl looking out the window at `` Hair at Hart . ''	A fowl attack its reflection in a window .
contradiction	two daughter search out the window at `` Hair at Hart . ''	A poultry attacks its reflection in a window .
contradiction	An American wrestler in a purple singlet wrestlers an adversary .	There is only one persons .
contradiction	An American wrestler in a purple singlet wrestlers an opponent .	There is only one individuals .
contradiction	An American wrestler in a purple singlet wrestlers an adversary .	There is solely one individuals .
contradiction	A males cooks with fire in like 5 pots at the identical period !	A mens is cooks with a bunch of furnace .
contradiction	A males cooking with fire in like 5 pots at the same time !	A masculine is cooks with a bunch of ovens .
contradiction	A mens cooking with fire in like 5 pots at the same timetable !	A mens is cook with a bunch of kiln .
contradiction	People waiting on a train platform .	People survive a gruesome train crash .
contradiction	People wait on a train platform .	People survive a horrific train crash .
contradiction	People waiting on a train platform .	People survive a terrifying train crash .
contradiction	Dog with black and tan face standing in water searching up at camera .	a dog is sleeping
contradiction	Dog with negro and tan face standing in water quest up at camera .	a dog is sleeping
contradiction	Dog with negro and tan face standing in water searching up at camera .	a dog is sleeping
contradiction	The women in the white attire looks very uncomfortable in the busy surroundings .	The attire is black .
contradiction	The woman in the white dress looks very uncomfortable in the busy surroundings .	The attire is negro .
contradiction	The female in the white attire looks very uncomfortable in the busy surroundings .	The dress is black .
contradiction	A male is socializing with another men in the bar .	Two women enjoying happy hour .
contradiction	A men is socializing with another mens in the bar .	Two females enjoying happy hour .
contradiction	A male is socializing with another mens in the bar .	Two women enjoying happy hour .
contradiction	Girls attired in red stand in a line .	They are running .
contradiction	Girls clothed in red stand in a line .	They are running .
contradiction	Girls attired in red stand in a line .	They are running .
contradiction	A woman child in a white , long-sleeved shirt is kneeling on a couch , laughing as her hairstyle is sticking up .	A teens yells angrily at her moms .
contradiction	A females teenage in a white , long-sleeved shirt is kneeling on a couch , laughing as her hairstyle is sticking up .	A youths yells angrily at her mom .
contradiction	A woman young in a white , long-sleeved shirt is kneeling on a couch , laughing as her hairstyle is sticking up .	A child yells angrily at her mummy .
contradiction	A adolescents infant cries while having his or her pajamas buttoned .	A teenager baby smiles .
contradiction	A young babies cries while having his or her pjs buttoned .	A youth baby smiles .
contradiction	A minor infant cries while having his or her pajamas buttoned .	A kids baby smiles .
contradiction	Three people sit on a bench at a station , the man looks oddly at the two women , the redheaded women looks up and forwards in an awkward position , and the yellow blond girl twiddles with her hairdo .	People run together .
contradiction	Three people sit on a bench at a station , the man looks oddly at the two female , the redheaded female looks up and forward in an awkward position , and the yellow blond girl twiddles with her hairstyle .	People run together .
contradiction	Three people sit on a bench at a station , the males looks oddly at the two woman , the redheaded females looks up and forwards in an awkward stance , and the yellow blond girls twiddles with her hairstyle .	People run together .
contradiction	A mens with a long white beard is navigating a camera and another masculine with a negro shirt is in the background .	A masculine takes a picture of a woman
contradiction	A mens with a lengthy white beard is examining a camera and another men with a negro shirt is in the background .	A masculine takes a picture of a woman
contradiction	A men with a long white beard is boats a camera and another men with a negro shirt is in the background .	A mens takes a picture of a woman
contradiction	A crowd of people standing in front of statues .	The statue is actually a gargoyle and it came to vie .
contradiction	A crowd of people standing in front of statues .	The statue is actually a gargoyle and it came to life .
contradiction	A crowd of people standing in front of statues .	The statue is actually a gargoyle and it came to vie .
contradiction	A boy looks out the window at another boy who is spraying the window with water .	The boy is asleep on the couch .
contradiction	A boy looks out the window at another boy who is sprinkler the window with water .	The boy is asleep on the couch .
contradiction	A boy looks out the window at another boy who is sprinkler the window with water .	The boy is asleep on the couch .
contradiction	a men takes a photographs of another two masculine in a crowd .	A daughter takes a photo of a dog .
contradiction	a masculine takes a images of another two male in a crowd .	A girl takes a pictures of a dog .
contradiction	a male takes a photo of another two men in a crowd .	A girl takes a photos of a dog .
contradiction	A baby with a green bottom and red top lying in bed with a brown and white cat and also a black and white cat .	The baby sits on the cats .
contradiction	A baby with a green bottom and red top lying in bed with a brown and white cat and also a black and white cat .	The baby sits on the cats .
contradiction	A baby with a green bottom and red top lie in bed with a brown and white cat and also a negro and white cat .	The baby sits on the cats .
contradiction	A baby with a green bottom and red top lurks in bed with a brown and white cat and also a negro and white cat .	The individuals is crying near some animal .
contradiction	A baby with a green bottom and red top lurks in bed with a brown and white cat and also a negro and white cat .	The individuals is crying near some zoo .
contradiction	A baby with a green bottom and red top lies in bed with a brown and white cat and also a negro and white cat .	The person is crying near some zoo .
contradiction	A few kid boys throwing a football over a volleyball netted .	A boy plays with a yoyo .
contradiction	A few adolescents boys throwing a football over a volleyball netted .	A boy plays with a yoyo .
contradiction	A few kids boys throwing a football over a volleyball netted .	A boy plays with a yoyo .
contradiction	An aged mens in a blue shirt and white underclothes glowers by a glass gate .	A ancient mens swimming
contradiction	An outdated men in a blue shirt and white underpants glowers by a glass gate .	A outdated masculine swimming
contradiction	An elderly mens in a blue shirt and white underpants glowers by a glass gate .	A archaic males swimming
contradiction	A male dressed in all white and wearing a white hat stands on a sidewalk next to a building .	Nobody is standing
contradiction	A men clothed in all white and wearing a white hat stands on a pavement next to a building .	Nobody is standing
contradiction	A males attired in all white and wearing a white hat stands on a pavement next to a building .	Nobody is standing
contradiction	Two furry beige dogs play in marine surf .	Two dogs sleep .
contradiction	Two furry beige dogs play in marine surfing .	Two dogs sleep .
contradiction	Two furry beige dogs play in oceanic surf .	Two dogs sleeping .
contradiction	an african mens is being dragged though wet clay by two cows whilst other people watch .	A masculine is riding a horse .
contradiction	an africans men is being dragged though wet clay by two cows whilst other people watch .	A masculine is riding a horse .
contradiction	an africans mens is being dragged though wet mud by two cattle whilst other people watch .	A mens is riding a equestrian .
contradiction	Several minors are standing on the beach .	The youths are in the back yard .
contradiction	Several children are standing on the beach .	The youthful are in the back yard .
contradiction	Several child are standing on the beach .	The teenager are in the back yard .
contradiction	A male with no shirt on is holding a football .	A man rolls on the ground on fire .
contradiction	A male with no shirt on is holding a football .	A men rolls on the ground on fire .
contradiction	A men with no shirt on is holding a football .	A man rolls on the ground on fire .
contradiction	A brown dog wearing a collar is hunted and biting on a red broom .	An zoo is slept outside .
contradiction	A brown dog wearing a collar is pursues and biting on a red broom .	An zoo is slumber outboard .
contradiction	A brown dog wearing a collar is chasing and biting on a red broom .	An animal is sleeping exterior .
contradiction	Two male in negro undergarments and negro shirts practice martial arts on a green gym floor .	Two person play tennis .
contradiction	Two masculine in black underclothes and negro shirts practising martial arts on a green gym floor .	Two persons play tennis .
contradiction	Two mens in black underpants and black shirts practicing martial arts on a green gym floor .	Two persons play tennis .
contradiction	A men in a jacket is standing in a gas station , next to a autos and lights are shining in the distance .	A masculine is playing video games at his homes .
contradiction	A males in a jacket is standing in a gas station , next to a automobile and lights are shining in the distance .	A male is play tapes game at his houses .
contradiction	A males in a jacket is standing in a gas station , next to a automobile and illumination are shining in the distance .	A male is play tapes games at his dwelling .
contradiction	Four females are taking a walk down an cold routes .	Four women are walking near the dehydrated expressway .
contradiction	Four woman are taking a walk down an frigid road .	Four women are walking near the dry freeway .
contradiction	Four females are taking a walk down an cold paths .	Four woman are walking near the dried expressway .
contradiction	An elder dame holding a scruffy dog and smiling contently .	a woman holding a scruffy cat
contradiction	An older dame holding a scruffy dog and smiling contently .	a female holding a scruffy cat
contradiction	An elders lady holding a scruffy dog and smiling contently .	a woman holding a scruffy cat
contradiction	A motorbike is parked against a window to a boutique called Winter Sport where inner some people sit next to a computers and an older women stands in the background .	A woman rides her bicycle away from a store .
contradiction	A cycling is parked against a window to a store called Winter Sport where inner some people sit next to a computer and an ancient woman stands in the background .	A woman rides her mopeds away from a store .
contradiction	A mopeds is parked against a window to a store called Winter Sport where inside some people sit next to a computers and an outdated female stands in the background .	A woman rides her bikes away from a store .
contradiction	Men wearing hats walk on the street .	The male are walking internal the school .
contradiction	Men wearing hats walk on the street .	The men are walking inner the school .
contradiction	Men wearing hats walk on the street .	The males are walking internal the school .
contradiction	A few people are sitting inner of a building with lots of photograph on the walls .	The people are attending an outboard art festival .
contradiction	A few people are sitting inner of a building with lots of photos on the walls .	The people are attending an outer art festival .
contradiction	A few people are sitting indoor of a building with lots of photo on the walls .	The people are attending an outdoor art festival .
contradiction	A masculine wearing a negro t-shirt that says `` Long Live the Dead '' pulls a shopping cart in the street near a NYC yellow cab taxis .	The males is wearing a suit .
contradiction	A males wearing a negro t-shirt that says `` Long Live the Dead '' pulls a shopping cart in the street near a NYC yellow taxi taxi .	The masculine is wearing a suit .
contradiction	A man wearing a black t-shirt that says `` Long Live the Dead '' pulls a shopping cart in the street near a NYC yellow taxis taxi .	The males is wearing a suit .
contradiction	A adolescence male wearing a blue hat turned backwards and slightly sideways with a cigarette in his mouth .	A masculine wears his hat on his foot .
contradiction	A teens mens wearing a blue hat turned backwards and slightly sideways with a cigarette in his mouth .	A masculine wears his hat on his feet .
contradiction	A miners man wearing a blue hat turned backward and slightly sideways with a cigarette in his mouth .	A mens wears his hat on his feet .
contradiction	Four mens stand in a circle facing each other playing brass instruments which people watch them .	The men are watching a sports channel
contradiction	Four males stand in a circle facing each other playing brass instruments which people watch them .	The male are watching a sportsman channel
contradiction	Four male stand in a circle facing each other play brass instruments which people watch them .	The men are watching a sportsmen channel
contradiction	A smaller man wearing a blue hat turned backwards and slightly sideways with a cigarette in his mouth .	A mens is wearing a cowboy hat .
contradiction	A child man wearing a blue hat turned backward and slightly sideways with a cigarette in his mouth .	A mens is wearing a cowboy hat .
contradiction	A teenagers males wearing a blue hat turned backward and slightly sideways with a cigarette in his mouth .	A males is wearing a cowboy hat .
contradiction	Three child females perform a dance in a crowded hall .	Three miner females are slumber in a crowded hall .
contradiction	Three adolescents female perform a dance in a crowded hall .	Three children female are slumber in a crowded hall .
contradiction	Three teens females perform a dances in a crowded hall .	Three teen women are slept in a crowded hall .
contradiction	A female with a blue jacket around her waist is sitting on the ledge of some stone ruins resting .	A man sits on a ledge
contradiction	A woman with a blue jacket around her waist is sitting on the ledge of some stone ruins resting .	A masculine sits on a ledge
contradiction	A woman with a blue jacket around her waist is sitting on the ledge of some stone ruins rest .	A male sits on a ledge
contradiction	A group of people are standing on steps in front of a building .	A man in a blue shirt poses for the camera .
contradiction	A groups of people are standing on steps in front of a building .	A masculine in a blue shirt poses for the camera .
contradiction	A groups of people are standing on steps in front of a building .	A men in a blue shirt poses for the camera .
contradiction	Brown and cream dog with tongue out in front of grassy forest	The dog is lie on the ground .
contradiction	Brown and cream dog with tongue out in front of grassy forest	The dog is lies on the ground .
contradiction	Brown and cream dog with tongue out in front of grassy forest	The dog is lies on the ground .
contradiction	A youthful boy , wearing a jesters hat is enjoying himself sledding .	A minors boy is just sitting down and not sledding .
contradiction	A underage boy , wearing a jesters hat is enjoying itself sledding .	A minors boy is just sitting down and not sledding .
contradiction	A kids boy , wearing a jesters hat is enjoying itself sledding .	A youngsters boy is just sitting down and not sledding .
contradiction	A man in a red shirt is learns how to climb a cliff .	A males is playing videogames .
contradiction	A men in a red shirt is learn how to climb a cliff .	A mens is play videogames .
contradiction	A masculine in a red shirt is learns how to climbing a cliff .	A mens is playing videogames .
contradiction	A men is shooting a guns outdoors , on what looks like a beautiful sunny day .	A males is shooting a bow and arrow on a rainy day .
contradiction	A men is shooting a firearm outdoors , on what looks like a beautiful sunny day .	A males is shooting a bow and arrow on a rainy day .
contradiction	A males is shooting a shotguns outdoors , on what looks like a beautiful sunny day .	A males is shooting a bow and arrow on a rainy day .
contradiction	A shirtless man with cropped hairstyle cigarettes a cigarette and ties a plastic wallets .	The mens is wearing a nice shirt and jacket .
contradiction	A shirtless man with cropped hairdo smokes a cigarette and ties a plastic satchel .	The men is wearing a nice shirt and jacket .
contradiction	A shirtless men with cropped hair smoked a cigarette and ties a plastic handbag .	The male is wearing a nice shirt and jacket .
contradiction	A teenaged male blew up balloons to craft into animal for the seven excited juvenile that looked on .	The miner are sad as the men ignoring them
contradiction	A children man blew up balloons to craft into animals for the seven excited miner that looked on .	The teenaged are sad as the mens ignore them
contradiction	A child man blew up balloons to craft into animals for the seven excited adolescent that looked on .	The minor are sad as the masculine ignores them
contradiction	A underage masculine blew up balloons to craft into animal for the seven excited teenaged that looked on .	A mens is making cotton candy for the adolescence .
contradiction	A youngsters mens blew up balloons to craft into animals for the seven excited youths that looked on .	A masculine is making cotton candy for the miner .
contradiction	A kid man blew up balloons to craft into animal for the seven excited young that looked on .	A males is making cotton candy for the young .
contradiction	Blond boy in striped shirt on the swing set .	A boy is afraid to go on the swing .
contradiction	Blond boy in striped shirt on the swing set .	A boy is afraid to go on the swing .
contradiction	Blond boy in striped shirt on the swing set .	A boy is afraid to go on the swing .
contradiction	Boy in pockets crossing the street , Other people , all Asian , are all in crosswalk walking toward the boy .	The boy has no satchel on .
contradiction	Boy in purse crossing the street , Other people , all Asian , are all in crosswalk walking towards the boy .	The boy has no handbag on .
contradiction	Boy in bag crossed the street , Other people , all Asian , are all in crosswalk walking toward the boy .	The boy has no rucksack on .
contradiction	A females is sitting exterior at a table , using a knife to cut into a sandwich .	A females is sitting interior .
contradiction	A females is sitting outside at a tables , using a knife to chop into a sandwich .	A females is sitting indoor .
contradiction	A females is sitting outboard at a table , using a knife to chop into a sandwich .	A females is sitting interior .
contradiction	A male flying out of a river raft filled with 6 other people .	The raft is hollow .
contradiction	A male flying out of a river raft filled with 6 other people .	The raft is hollow .
contradiction	A mens flying out of a river raft filled with 6 other people .	The raft is empty .
contradiction	Woman wearing dark brown leather jacket , goggles , brown leather boots , silver decorator wallets , sitting on a fire engines red park bench .	A homeless men is sitting on a park bench .
contradiction	Woman wearing dark brown leather jacket , eyeglasses , brown leather boots , silver designer rucksack , sitting on a fire engines red park bench .	A homeless males is sitting on a park bench .
contradiction	Woman wearing dark brown leather jacket , goggles , brown leather boots , silver decorator pockets , sitting on a fire engines red park bench .	A homeless masculine is sitting on a park bench .
contradiction	There are two ships full of people in a river , one is stopped and the other is moving .	The people are on land .
contradiction	There are two sailing full of people in a river , one is stopped and the other is moving .	The people are on land .
contradiction	There are two examined full of people in a river , one is halted and the other is moving .	The people are on land .
contradiction	A panel of footballs players is standing behind a coaches formally .	There is only one person present .
contradiction	A panel of footballs gamers is standing behind a coaching official .	There is solely one individuals present .
contradiction	A panel of footballs gamers is standing behind a coaching formally .	There is only one individuals present .
contradiction	Three musicians are play in a band .	The bands is signature autographs
contradiction	Three musicians are playing in a band .	The bands is signing autographs
contradiction	Three musicians are play in a band .	The band is signatures autographs
contradiction	Two individuals attired up like zoo are posing for the camera .	Two mens clothed as basketball gamers are running .
contradiction	Two individuals clothed up like animal are posing for the camera .	Two mens clothed as basketball gamers are running .
contradiction	Two individuals dressed up like animals are posing for the camera .	Two man clothed as basketball gamers are running .
contradiction	A females wearing a red work mens 's hat and red jacket is hiking in the snowy topped mountains .	A females is sitting in her backyard .
contradiction	A females wearing a red work men 's hat and red jacket is hiking in the snow topped mountains .	A woman is sitting in her backyard .
contradiction	A women wearing a red work male 's hat and red jacket is hiking in the snow topped mountains .	A woman is sitting in her courtyard .
contradiction	A female wearing a red work man 's hat and red jacket is hiking in the snowy topped mountains .	A individuals is in the wood .
contradiction	A females wearing a red work males 's hat and red jacket is hiking in the snowy topped mountains .	A person is in the timber .
contradiction	A females wearing a red work males 's hat and red jacket is hiking in the snowy topped mountains .	A individuals is in the timber .
contradiction	A male holds up a sign that reads `` tattoo '' as varied people walk near him .	Two people are sitting in a coffee shop .
contradiction	A man holds up a sign that reads `` tattooing '' as numerous people walk near him .	Two people are sitting in a coffee shop .
contradiction	A masculine holds up a sign that reads `` tattooing '' as diverse people walk near him .	Two people are sitting in a coffee shop .
contradiction	An senior females with a tan nun uniforms on and glasses is taking a photo with her camera .	A females is in a green nun uniform
contradiction	An age females with a tan nun standardized on and eyeglasses is taking a photograph with her camera .	A women is in a green nun uniform
contradiction	An archaic females with a tan nun uniformed on and spectacles is taking a pictures with her camera .	A woman is in a green nun uniform
contradiction	A persons throws a red toy for a dog to run for .	A dog is search for a cat .
contradiction	A person throws a red toy for a dog to run for .	A dog is searching for a cat .
contradiction	A persons throws a red toy for a dog to run for .	A dog is search for a cat .
contradiction	Several people are play an intense games of paintball while others watch from the sidelines .	Several people are play dominoes .
contradiction	Several people are playing an intense games of paintball while others watch from the sidelines .	Several people are play dominoes .
contradiction	Several people are playing an intense game of paintball while others watch from the sidelines .	Several people are play dominos .
contradiction	A mens and a females , both wearing glasses , embrace one another , while smiling and posing for the camera .	Two man take a photograph together .
contradiction	A mens and a female , both wearing glasses , embrace one another , while smiling and posing for the camera .	Two man take a photographs together .
contradiction	A mens and a woman , both wearing goggles , embrace one another , while smiling and posing for the camera .	Two male take a image together .
contradiction	A masculine dressed solely in a towel is in a sauna .	A men clothed in a coat is in a kitchen .
contradiction	A males clothed solely in a towel is in a sauna .	A man clothed in a coat is in a kitchen .
contradiction	A men attired only in a towel is in a sauna .	A mens attired in a coat is in a kitchen .
contradiction	Repairing the roof of a school on the seashore .	A males is washes his hands .
contradiction	Repairing the roof of a school on the seashore .	A males is wash his hands .
contradiction	Repairing the roof of a school on the ribs .	A masculine is washes his hands .
contradiction	A petite daughters in a pink frock crying .	The girls is laugh .
contradiction	A little girls in a pink garb crying .	The girls is laugh .
contradiction	A small girl in a pink frock crying .	The daughter is laugh .
contradiction	Colorful rings sprays water at little girls wearing swimwear .	The adolescence is drinking at a bar .
contradiction	Colorful rings sprays water at petite girl wearing swimsuit .	The adolescent is drinking at a bar .
contradiction	Colorful ringing sprinkler water at petite girls wearing swimsuit .	The youths is drinking at a bar .
contradiction	A blond-haired baby is sitting on the floor playing with toys while search at a black and white cat .	There is not a cat near the baby .
contradiction	A blond-haired baby is sitting on the floor play with toys while searches at a negro and white cat .	There is not a cat near the baby .
contradiction	A blond-haired baby is sitting on the floor playing with toys while looking at a negro and white cat .	There is not a cat near the baby .
contradiction	The dog is in the snowy in front of some tree .	A cat plays in the snowy .
contradiction	The dog is in the snow in front of some tree .	A cat plays in the snowy .
contradiction	The dog is in the snowy in front of some trees .	A cat plays in the snow .
contradiction	A young boy is play in the sandy water .	A young boy is play in the grass .
contradiction	A teenager boy is play in the sandy water .	A children boy is playing in the grass .
contradiction	A youth boy is playing in the sandy water .	A children boy is play in the grass .
contradiction	An older firefighting in an orange suit is holding a fire hose with water coming out .	A medic is treating someones wound with bandages he is holding .
contradiction	An age firemen in an orange suit is holding a fire hose with water coming out .	A medic is treating someones wound with bandages he is holding .
contradiction	An elderly firefighting in an orange suit is holding a fire hose with water coming out .	A medic is treat someones injured with bandages he is holding .
contradiction	A young in a red coat waves a hand in the airline while lying in snowy beside a red plastic sled .	There is no snowy .
contradiction	A adolescence in a red coat waves a hand in the midair while lie in snowy beside a red plastic sled .	There is no snow .
contradiction	A kids in a red coat waves a hand in the airline while lying in snow beside a red plastic sled .	There is no snowy .
contradiction	Five youthful man are in a loft , with one holding a whiteboard and one making a shaka sign in front of the tvs .	Some people are at work .
contradiction	Five child man are in a loft , with one holding a whiteboard and one making a shaka sign in front of the televisions .	Some people are at work .
contradiction	Five adolescents males are in a loft , with one holding a whiteboard and one making a shaka sign in front of the television .	Some people are at work .
contradiction	A women in a grey jumper conversations to another female in a negro jacket .	A baby yawns in his crib .
contradiction	A women in a grey sweater conversations to another female in a negro jacket .	A baby yawns in his crib .
contradiction	A female in a grey jumper conversation to another woman in a negro jacket .	A baby yawns in his crib .
contradiction	Two males , one in a red shirt and one in a white shirt , are on a examined in the beautiful blue-green water .	Some people are on land .
contradiction	Two males , one in a red shirt and one in a white shirt , are on a explore in the beautiful blue-green water .	Some people are on land .
contradiction	Two mens , one in a red shirt and one in a white shirt , are on a explores in the beautiful blue-green water .	Some people are on land .
contradiction	A boy at the beach runs through the surfer toward three other people who are already in the water .	A boy ca n't swimming so he did n't go to the beach with his families .
contradiction	A boy at the beach runs through the surfer towards three other people who are already in the water .	A boy ca n't swim so he did n't go to the beach with his families .
contradiction	A boy at the beach runs through the surfing toward three other people who are already in the water .	A boy ca n't swimming so he did n't go to the beach with his family .
contradiction	A man in a blue shirt emerges from a doorway .	A man is sitting at a tables .
contradiction	A men in a blue shirt emerges from a doorway .	A males is sitting at a table .
contradiction	A mens in a blue shirt emerges from a doorway .	A mens is sitting at a tables .
contradiction	A youth in an orange outfit stands holding flower .	The teen is taking a nap .
contradiction	A youth in an orange outfit stands holding flowering .	The underage is taking a nap .
contradiction	A teens in an orange outfit stands holding flowers .	The adolescents is taking a nap .
contradiction	Two brown and white dogs running on a grassy but brown fenced yard .	Two brown and white dogs run on thick brown rugs .
contradiction	Two brown and white dogs running on a grassy but brown fenced yard .	Two brown and white dogs run on thick brown carpeting .
contradiction	Two brown and white dogs running on a grassy but brown fenced yard .	Two brown and white dogs run on thick brown carpets .
contradiction	Two seniors woman sitting on curb next to flowers	Two senior female hating flowers and would not be near them
contradiction	Two elderly females sitting on curb next to flowers	Two archaic female hating flowers and would not be near them
contradiction	Two aged woman sitting on curb next to flowers	Two older females hate flower and would not be near them
contradiction	A masculine in a negro ball ceilings , negro jacket and underpants sitting in front of a building paint white and blue with the words ING and PEOPLE written on it .	The mens is standing in front of a building .
contradiction	A men in a negro ball cap , black jacket and breeches sitting in front of a building paint white and blue with the words ING and PEOPLE written on it .	The man is standing in front of a building .
contradiction	A mens in a black ball ceilings , negro jacket and panties sitting in front of a building paint white and blue with the words ING and PEOPLE written on it .	The mens is standing in front of a building .
contradiction	A man with a blue helmet and orange shirt .	A women has a helmet on a bikes .
contradiction	A masculine with a blue helmet and orange shirt .	A women has a helmet on a cycle .
contradiction	A mens with a blue helmet and orange shirt .	A female has a helmet on a bike .
contradiction	Man in leather jacket and scarf sits on purple cushion at a party .	A persons is slumber on the couch .
contradiction	Man in leather jacket and scarf sits on purple cushion at a parties .	A person is slumber on the couch .
contradiction	Man in leather jacket and scarf sits on purple cushion at a parties .	A persons is slumber on the couch .
contradiction	A couple opened up a new electronically mixer .	The couple purchased a used mixer
contradiction	A couple opened up a newer electronically mixer .	The couple bought a used mixer
contradiction	A couple opening up a new electronically mixer .	The couple purchased a used mixer
contradiction	A male in a blue shirt and a female in a pink skirt sit around other people in the background .	There are some people doing the limbo .
contradiction	A men in a blue shirt and a female in a pink skirt sit around other people in the background .	There are some people doing the limbo .
contradiction	A mens in a blue shirt and a females in a pink skirt sit around other people in the background .	There are some people doing the limbo .
contradiction	A furry dog is jumping over a hurdles .	A cat sleeps in the window .
contradiction	A furry dog is jumping over a hurdle .	A cat sleeps in the window .
contradiction	A furry dog is jumping over a hurdles .	A cat sleeps in the window .
contradiction	A males on a ladder in tall grass .	The masculine is seated on his couch in his living rooms .
contradiction	A males on a ladder in tall grass .	The men is seated on his couch in his living room .
contradiction	A men on a ladder in tall grass .	The male is seated on his couch in his living room .
contradiction	A street performer wearing goggles and paint in bronze colored paint is acting like he is filming with an old-fashioned prop films camera .	A performer is play violin in the auditorium .
contradiction	A street performer wearing glasses and paintings in bronze colored painted is acting like he is filming with an old-fashioned prop films camera .	A performer is playing violin in the auditorium .
contradiction	A street performer wearing glasses and paintings in bronze colored paint is acting like he is filming with an old-fashioned prop movies camera .	A performer is play violin in the auditorium .
contradiction	A mens wearing a white shirt and a blue jeans reading a newspaper while standing	A males is sitting down reading a newspaper .
contradiction	A mens wearing a white shirt and a blue jeans reading a newspapers while standing	A males is sitting down reading a journal .
contradiction	A men wearing a white shirt and a blue jeans reading a journals while standing	A mens is sitting down reading a newspaper .
contradiction	A male wearing an orange shirt and goggles jog in a marathon with viewers spectating him .	A man sits at his computer sipping coffee .
contradiction	A male wearing an orange shirt and sunglasses jog in a marathon with spectators spectating him .	A male sits at his computer sipping coffee .
contradiction	A man wearing an orange shirt and goggles jogging in a marathon with spectators spectating him .	A males sits at his computer sipping coffee .
contradiction	People seated at long tables all facing the identical direction , some write and some watching .	A groups of people are sitting at the tables shares a meal .
contradiction	People seated at lengthy table all facing the same direction , some write and some watching .	A groups of people are sitting at the tables exchanged a meal .
contradiction	People seated at lengthy table all facing the same direction , some writing and some watching .	A panels of people are sitting at the table sharing a meal .
contradiction	A mens running in a errand passes by viewers .	A man in a kayak passes by spectators .
contradiction	A man running in a errand passes by spectators .	A male in a kayak passes by viewers .
contradiction	A mens running in a race passes by spectators .	A mens in a kayak passes by spectators .
contradiction	Topless daughters riding a red cyclist .	The females is wearing a shirt .
contradiction	Topless girls riding a red moped .	The women is wearing a shirt .
contradiction	Topless daughters riding a red bike .	The woman is wearing a shirt .
contradiction	a men giving two thumbs up to a crowd .	Two dogs flies to the sun
contradiction	a male giving two thumbs up to a crowd .	Two dogs flies to the sun
contradiction	a man giving two thumbs up to a crowd .	Two dogs fly to the sun
contradiction	A male is wearing a neon yellow vest while leaning over a roof and another male is standing behind him .	Two man can not see each other because there is a wall in their way .
contradiction	A masculine is wearing a neon yellow vest while leaning over a roof and another males is standing behind him .	Two males can not see each other because there is a wall in their way .
contradiction	A man is wearing a neon yellow vest while leaning over a roof and another men is standing behind him .	Two men can not see each other because there is a wall in their way .
contradiction	Two smaller daughter are jumping off of a steep step .	Two smaller daughters walk up a slide .
contradiction	Two teenagers girls are jumping off of a steep step .	Two youths girl walk up a slide .
contradiction	Two youngsters girl are jumping off of a steep step .	Two adolescents daughter walk up a slide .
contradiction	Middle-aged male cleanup the fallen snow on the roof of his vehicular with a broom .	The men is brushing the leaves off his motor .
contradiction	Middle-aged males cleanliness the fallen snow on the roof of his car with a broom .	The masculine is brushing the leaves off his auto .
contradiction	Middle-aged mens cleaning the fallen snowy on the roof of his automobile with a broom .	The masculine is brushing the leaves off his car .
contradiction	Man and a woman at the side of a table covered in ledger .	A couple under a tables of goldfish .
contradiction	Man and a female at the side of a tables covered in books .	A couple under a table of goldfish .
contradiction	Man and a women at the side of a table covered in books .	A couple under a table of goldfish .
contradiction	Four woman carrying shoulder knapsack are walking down a city pavement .	Four woman are running away from a mens in the city .
contradiction	Four woman carrying shoulder pockets are walking down a town pavement .	Four females are running away from a mens in the town .
contradiction	Four females carry shoulder satchel are walking down a city sidewalk .	Four woman are running away from a men in the town .
contradiction	White dog playing in the snow .	The snow is purple .
contradiction	White dog play in the snow .	The snow is purple .
contradiction	White dog playing in the snowy .	The snow is purple .
contradiction	Four female and two men are in a kitchen , cooking near a long tables with a white tablecloth .	nobody is cooking
contradiction	Four women and two men are in a kitchen , cooks near a lengthy tables with a white tablecloth .	nobody is cooking
contradiction	Four woman and two man are in a kitchen , cooks near a lengthy tables with a white tablecloth .	nobody is cooking
contradiction	the white dog is carrying a ball in its mouth .	A white dog is chewing on his food .
contradiction	the white dog is carry a ball in its mouth .	A white dog is chewing on his food .
contradiction	the white dog is carrying a ball in its mouth .	A white dog is chewing on his food .
contradiction	An elder female is preparing food in the kitchen .	A mens cleans the kitchen .
contradiction	An age females is preparing food in the kitchen .	A mens cleans the kitchen .
contradiction	An older women is preparing food in the kitchen .	A mens cleans the kitchen .
contradiction	A white dog holds a tennis ball in its mouth in a field .	The dog is chasing after a rolling tennis ball .
contradiction	A white dog holds a tennis ball in its mouth in a field .	The dog is hunting after a rolling tennis ball .
contradiction	A white dog holds a tennis ball in its mouth in a field .	The dog is chasing after a rolling tennis ball .
contradiction	A male in colorful shorts is surfing under a wave .	A male is sunbathing .
contradiction	A male in colorful shorts is surfing under a wave .	A men is sunbathing .
contradiction	A man in colorful shorts is surf under a wave .	A men is sunbathing .
contradiction	A mens falling off a bull as the animal jumps into the aeroplane .	A male sits on the quiet bull .
contradiction	A males falling off a bull as the zoo jumps into the air .	A mens sits on the quiet bull .
contradiction	A man falling off a bull as the zoo jumps into the airplane .	A mens sits on the composure bull .
contradiction	Several people are waiting in a underpass station .	The people are outdoor in the snowy .
contradiction	Several people are waiting in a underpass station .	The people are outboard in the snow .
contradiction	Several people are waiting in a underground station .	The people are outside in the snowy .
contradiction	Two wrestlers in an intense match .	Two wrestlers are eating dinner at a local diner .
contradiction	Two wrestlers in an fierce match .	Two wrestlers are eating dinner at a local diner .
contradiction	Two wrestlers in an fierce match .	Two wrestlers are eating dinner at a local diner .
contradiction	A man clothed in black and holding a packing in his hands is walking on a pavement near a cops sign asking for witnesses to a routes dealth to step forwards .	a panda jumps
contradiction	A mens attired in negro and holding a package in his hands is walking on a sidewalk near a policemen sign asking for witnesses to a routes dealth to step forward .	a panda jumps
contradiction	A males clothed in black and holding a packaging in his hands is walking on a pavement near a policeman sign asking for witnesses to a routing dealth to step forward .	a panda jumps
contradiction	An Asian mens is performing with face painting on .	The Asian masculine is at home in bed .
contradiction	An Asian man is performing with face paint on .	The Asian male is at home in bed .
contradiction	An Asian males is performing with face painting on .	The Asian male is at home in bed .
contradiction	An senior men in a pink polo looks through a telescope with a petite juveniles standing next to him while others stand with their telescope in the background .	An elders elephant in a pink polo looks through a telescope with a petite youths standing next to him
contradiction	An antiquated man in a pink polo looks through a telescope with a petite teenagers standing next to him while others stand with their telescope in the background .	An seniors elephant in a pink polo looks through a telescope with a small youthful standing next to him
contradiction	An seniors males in a pink polo looks through a telescope with a small kids standing next to him while others stand with their telescopes in the background .	An elders elephant in a pink polo looks through a telescope with a petite miner standing next to him
contradiction	Two dogs are digs under a immense rock with their bottoms to the camera .	Two cats are slept in the sun .
contradiction	Two dogs are excavating under a large rock with their bottoms to the camera .	Two cats are sleep in the sun .
contradiction	Two dogs are excavation under a immense rock with their bottoms to the camera .	Two cats are sleep in the sun .
contradiction	The brown , furry animals is walking in the snowy grass with a tree behind him .	The animal is climbing a tree .
contradiction	The brown , furry animal is walking in the snowy grass with a trees behind him .	The animals is climbing a tree .
contradiction	The brown , furry animals is walking in the snow grass with a trees behind him .	The animals is climbing a trees .
contradiction	A cops on a bicycle from the rear .	An officers on a chopper .
contradiction	A police on a motorbike from the rear .	An officer on a helicopter .
contradiction	A policemen on a moped from the rear .	An officers on a chopper .
contradiction	A policeman on a biking from the rear .	An officers watching a jail cell .
contradiction	A police on a motorcycle from the rear .	An officer watching a prison cell .
contradiction	A policemen on a bikes from the rear .	An officer watching a jail cell .
contradiction	A person is hanging on to the bottom of an plane preparing to skydive .	A individuals is drive a tractor
contradiction	A individuals is hanging on to the bottom of an airplanes preparing to skydive .	A person is drives a tractor
contradiction	A person is hanging on to the bottom of an aviation preparing to skydive .	A person is drive a tractor
contradiction	Four females competitively rollerskating around an sphere .	four male are rollerskating .
contradiction	Four woman competitively rollerskating around an area .	four males are rollerskating .
contradiction	Four female competitively rollerskating around an spheres .	four male are rollerskating .
contradiction	A masculine on one miniature train passes a circular object to a men on another train as they pass by .	The male is running the train into another train .
contradiction	A mens on one miniature train passes a circular object to a masculine on another train as they pass by .	The man is running the train into another train .
contradiction	A men on one miniature train passes a circular object to a males on another train as they pass by .	The males is running the train into another train .
contradiction	A businessman in a white sweater conducts needed companies in a plaza using a concrete abutment as a work table .	man in suit
contradiction	A businessman in a white jumper conducts required corporate in a plaza using a concrete abutment as a work table .	man in suit
contradiction	A businessman in a white sweater conducts necessary businesses in a plaza using a concrete abutment as a work tables .	man in suit
contradiction	A businessman in a white sweater conducts needed corporations in a plaza using a concrete abutment as a work table .	monkey eats bananas
contradiction	A businessman in a white jumper conducts necessary businesses in a plaza using a concrete abutment as a work table .	monkey eats bananas
contradiction	A businessman in a white jumper conducts needed corporations in a plaza using a concrete abutment as a work table .	monkey eats bananas
contradiction	A businessman in a white sweater conducts needed companies in a plaza using a concrete abutment as a work table .	man on lunch break
contradiction	A businessman in a white jumper conducts needed company in a plaza using a concrete abutment as a work tables .	man on lunch break
contradiction	A businessman in a white jumper conducts required companies in a plaza using a concrete abutment as a work tables .	man on lunch break
contradiction	A adolescents boy in a dentist reviewing .	An elderly boy is at the hospital .
contradiction	A youths boy in a dentist inspects .	An aging boy is at the hospital .
contradiction	A minors boy in a dentist inspected .	An antiquated boy is at the hospital .
contradiction	A panels of cleaners are sweep up animal stools from the street during a parade or festival .	A men walking on water .
contradiction	A panel of cleaners are sweep up animals feces from the street during a parade or festival .	A males walking on water .
contradiction	A panel of cleaners are sweeping up animals stools from the street during a parade or festival .	A men walking on water .
contradiction	Four people wearing backpacks walking in a line along a mountain trail .	No one is on the mountain trail
contradiction	Four people wearing backpacks walking in a line along a mountain trail .	No one is on the mountain trail
contradiction	Four people wearing backpacks walking in a line along a mountain trail .	No one is on the mountain trail
contradiction	A silver automobile is passing by the entry of the Hotel Carmel , and many people are outdoor .	There is a red vehicle passing the entry of the Hotel Carmel .
contradiction	A silver vehicle is passing by the entry of the Hotel Carmel , and multiple people are outdoor .	There is a red vehicles passing the entrances of the Hotel Carmel .
contradiction	A silver motors is passing by the entry of the Hotel Carmel , and multiple people are outboard .	There is a red vehicles passing the entrances of the Hotel Carmel .
contradiction	A female wearing purple and carry a sac is walking out of a gate .	A woman is wearing green .
contradiction	A females wearing purple and carry a satchel is walking out of a gate .	A woman is wearing green .
contradiction	A women wearing purple and carrying a rucksack is walking out of a gate .	A females is wearing green .
contradiction	A traveler wearing a life jacket prepares to take a photographic of a whaler very close to the examine .	A male is taking a pictures of a goldfish .
contradiction	A passenger wearing a lifetime jacket prepares to take a photographed of a whale very close to the inquires .	A mens is taking a photographer of a goldfish .
contradiction	A travelers wearing a vie jacket prepares to take a images of a whaler very close to the browse .	A masculine is taking a photos of a goldfish .
contradiction	A youngsters wearing a red top is standing behind a blond headed minors sitting in a wheelbarrow .	A youth wearing a red top is standing on top of a blond headed child
contradiction	A minor wearing a red top is standing behind a blond headed adolescence sitting in a wheelbarrow .	A children wearing a red top is standing on top of a blond headed child
contradiction	A underage wearing a red top is standing behind a blond headed juvenile sitting in a wheelbarrow .	A juveniles wearing a red top is standing on top of a blond headed child
contradiction	Small dog in costume stands on hind legs to reach dangling flowering .	A dog is trying to eat a dangling kitten on a trees .
contradiction	Small dog in costume stands on hind legs to reach dangling flowering .	A dog is trying to eat a dangling kitten on a trees .
contradiction	Small dog in costume stands on hind legs to reach dangling flower .	A dog is trying to eat a dangling kitten on a trees .
contradiction	The dog is in snow , and has a stick in its mouth .	The dog is slumber on the couch .
contradiction	The dog is in snow , and has a stick in its mouth .	The dog is sleep on the couch .
contradiction	The dog is in snowy , and has a stick in its mouth .	The dog is slumber on the couch .
contradiction	A men in a boom lift pail welds .	A man is paint .
contradiction	A mens in a boom lifting bucket welds .	A masculine is painted .
contradiction	A man in a boom lift pail welds .	A masculine is paint .
contradiction	A kids dark-haired woman with red sun visor holding an opening white umbrella amidst a crowd of people	The dark haired daughter is making a scene amoungst the crowd for hitting people with her umbrella .
contradiction	A minor dark-haired females with red sun visor holding an openings white umbrella amidst a crowd of people	The dark haired girl is making a scene amoungst the crowd for hitting people with her umbrella .
contradiction	A young dark-haired woman with red sun visor holding an openings white umbrella amidst a crowd of people	The dark haired girls is making a scene amoungst the crowd for hitting people with her umbrella .
contradiction	Two basketball players on oppose teams , one in white , the other in red , are mid-game , running down the court , white-uniform player with ball-in-hand .	A panel of people are water snowboarding .
contradiction	Two basketball gamers on opposing teams , one in white , the other in red , are mid-game , running down the courts , white-uniform player with ball-in-hand .	A panel of people are water snowboarding .
contradiction	Two basketball players on oppose teams , one in white , the other in red , are mid-game , running down the court , white-uniform player with ball-in-hand .	A groups of people are water skiing .
contradiction	A panel of people are outside working .	A grouping of youthful are swim outside .
contradiction	A group of people are outer working .	A groups of youthful are swim outside .
contradiction	A group of people are outdoor working .	A grouping of juveniles are swimming outboard .
contradiction	A woman sitting with a guitar conversation to a men sitting with an umbrella .	A mens is jogging .
contradiction	A woman sitting with a guitar discussions to a mens sitting with an umbrella .	A masculine is jog .
contradiction	A female sitting with a guitar conversation to a mens sitting with an umbrella .	A men is jogging .
contradiction	There 's a red bus making a left turning into a traffic circle that has a sprays system .	A red bus backing up into a spot
contradiction	There 's a red bus making a left turn into a traffic circle that has a sprays system .	A red bus backing up into a spot
contradiction	There 's a red bus making a left turning into a traffic circle that has a sprays system .	A red bus backing up into a spot
contradiction	There 's a red bus making a left turn into a traffic circle that has a sprays system .	A red bus at a bus stop
contradiction	There 's a red bus making a left turn into a traffic circle that has a spray system .	A red bus at a bus stop
contradiction	There 's a red bus making a left turn into a traffic circle that has a sprinkler system .	A red bus at a bus stop
contradiction	Two males are loading bales of wheat on top of a high structure on a cloudy day .	It is nightly .
contradiction	Two man are loading bales of wheat on top of a high structure on a overcast day .	It is nighttime .
contradiction	Two male are load bales of wheat on top of a high structure on a cloudy day .	It is nighttime .
contradiction	A adolescent daughter in a pink shirt playing with her barbie .	The teenaged daughter is play with a races cars .
contradiction	A minor daughter in a pink shirt play with her barbie .	The juveniles girls is playing with a racing auto .
contradiction	A youth girls in a pink shirt play with her barbie .	The youths daughter is play with a errand motors .
contradiction	People protests aging discrimination in an organized street rally .	People are interior watching televisions .
contradiction	People protest elder discrimination in an arranging street rally .	People are interior watching televisions .
contradiction	People protesting elderly discrimination in an arranging street rallying .	People are interior watching televisions .
contradiction	An senior female is search at herself in the mirrors at a table with cosmetics .	the archaic lady plays tennis with a dog
contradiction	An archaic females is searching at herself in the mirror at a table with cosmetics .	the older dame plays tennis with a dog
contradiction	An ancient women is search at herself in the mirror at a tables with cosmetics .	the aging dame plays tennis with a dog
contradiction	A women in a blue apron is holding a container of icing cream .	A women in an apron is cooks spaghetti .
contradiction	A females in a blue apron is holding a container of ice cream .	A females in an apron is cook spaghetti .
contradiction	A women in a blue apron is holding a container of frosting cream .	A women in an apron is cooks spaghetti .
contradiction	three kid wearing t-shirt run down the beach , with multiple other people in the background .	two man sit in the water on boards
contradiction	three teenaged wearing t-shirt run down the beach , with myriad other people in the background .	two males sit in the water on boards
contradiction	three teenage wearing t-shirt run down the beach , with multiple other people in the background .	two men sit in the water on boards
contradiction	A mens singer , attired in a lengthy purple pea coat , holding an electrified guitar , singing into a mics , while a man in spectacles and wearing headphones , plays drum , with purple drapery hanging in the background .	the singer is sleeping
contradiction	A male singer , dressed in a long purple pea coat , holding an electric guitar , sung into a microphone , while a male in eyeglasses and wearing headphones , plays drum , with purple drapery hanging in the background .	the singer is sleeping
contradiction	A men singer , clothed in a long purple pea coat , holding an electrified guitar , singing into a microphone , while a man in goggles and wearing headphones , plays drumming , with purple drapery hanging in the background .	the singer is sleeping
contradiction	Overly dramatic couple pose for a picture where an `` angry `` masculine `` chokes '' a female who sticks out her tongue .	A male is hugging the woman
contradiction	Overly dramatic couple pose for a photographs where an `` angry `` male `` chokes '' a woman who sticks out her tongue .	A men is hugging the woman
contradiction	Overly dramatic couple pose for a photographer where an `` angry `` male `` chokes '' a women who sticks out her tongue .	A males is hugging the woman
contradiction	A girl in a hat steers her electrical wheelchair .	A girls is running outside .
contradiction	A daughters in a hat steers her electrical wheelchair .	A girls is running outboard .
contradiction	A girls in a hat steers her electrical wheelchair .	A daughter is running outer .
contradiction	A males in a companies suit has just crossing the street .	The mens is laying in the street .
contradiction	A males in a corporation suit has just crossing the street .	The masculine is laying in the street .
contradiction	A male in a ventures suit has just crossed the street .	The men is laying in the street .
contradiction	An seniors mens , likely a blacksmith , is soldering a tool , seen by the red hot scorching look of it .	A farmer is milking the cow .
contradiction	An elderly masculine , likely a blacksmith , is soldering a tool , seen by the red hot scorching look of it .	A farmer is milking the cow .
contradiction	An antique men , likely a blacksmith , is weld a tool , seen by the red hot scorching look of it .	A farmer is milking the cow .
contradiction	A male in a red shirt and a man in a brown shirt smiling at the camera and holding up a sign .	Two males are throwing rocks at cops .
contradiction	A males in a red shirt and a males in a brown shirt smiling at the camera and holding up a sign .	Two mens are throwing rocks at cop .
contradiction	A mens in a red shirt and a man in a brown shirt smiling at the camera and holding up a sign .	Two males are throwing rocks at cop .
contradiction	A mens in a white shirt and grey slack hitting a golfer ball on a golf course , with tree and power lines in the background .	The mens is playing tennis .
contradiction	A men in a white shirt and grey loose hitting a golfer ball on a golf course , with tree and power lines in the background .	The male is play tennis .
contradiction	A men in a white shirt and grey loose hitting a golfer ball on a golf course , with tree and power lines in the background .	The males is playing tennis .
contradiction	A males in green undergarments and blue shirt pushing a cart .	A women is cigarettes a cigarette .
contradiction	A males in green pants and blue shirt pushing a cart .	A females is smoking a cigarette .
contradiction	A males in green pants and blue shirt pushing a cart .	A females is smoke a cigarette .
contradiction	A men wearing a negro jacket stands next to a agency of water .	The masculine is swimming in the water .
contradiction	A males wearing a black jacket stands next to a agency of water .	The mens is swim in the water .
contradiction	A man wearing a black jacket stands next to a organs of water .	The mens is swim in the water .
contradiction	A dog jumps over a piling of timber .	A dog rests on a pile of woods .
contradiction	A dog jumps over a piling of lumber .	A dog rests on a pile of lumber .
contradiction	A dog jumps over a pile of wood .	A dog rests on a pile of wood .
contradiction	A vehicular is load with item on the top .	The vehicular is a convertible .
contradiction	A vehicle is upload with items on the top .	The vehicular is a convertible .
contradiction	A automobiles is burden with item on the top .	The cars is a convertible .
contradiction	Two guys play soccer , one in red and the other in blue .	The man are playing field hockey .
contradiction	Two guys play soccer , one in red and the other in blue .	The male are play field hockey .
contradiction	Two guys playing soccer , one in red and the other in blue .	The man are playing field hockey .
contradiction	A well dressed older females standing in front of a bus decorated with image of purple flowering .	There is a panels of boys standing around looking at a sport automobiles .
contradiction	A well clothed old women standing in front of a bus decorated with pictures of purple flower .	There is a group of boys standing around looking at a athletic automobiles .
contradiction	A well dressed archaic woman standing in front of a bus decorated with picture of purple flowering .	There is a grouping of boys standing around searching at a athlete auto .
contradiction	A tennis player in a pink outfit serves the ball to her opponent .	A hairless mens offers his balls to the policeman officer .
contradiction	A tennis player in a pink outfit serves the ball to her opponent .	A nude male offerings his balls to the policemen officers .
contradiction	A tennis player in a pink outfit serves the ball to her adversary .	A hairless men offers his balls to the policemen officers .
contradiction	Small girl riding in play vehicular .	A youths boy sits in a lawn chairs .
contradiction	Small girls riding in play vehicular .	A teens boy sits in a lawn chair .
contradiction	Small girls riding in playing vehicle .	A teenagers boy sits in a lawn chairs .
contradiction	A smaller male standing outside a laundromat .	A females is at the laundromat .
contradiction	A minor men standing outdoor a laundromat .	A woman is at the laundromat .
contradiction	A teens man standing exterior a laundromat .	A woman is at the laundromat .
contradiction	A teenager on a swing .	The kids is on a sled .
contradiction	A youths on a swing .	The youth is on a sled .
contradiction	A young on a swing .	The juveniles is on a sled .
contradiction	A male is performing for a grouping in front of a white homes .	A mens performed inner of a gymnasium .
contradiction	A mens is performing for a grouping in front of a white dwelling .	A males performed inland of a colosseum .
contradiction	A man is performing for a group in front of a white houses .	A masculine performed inside of a colosseum .
contradiction	a negro dog hunt a boy wearing red and blue .	a dog hunted his tail
contradiction	a black dog hunted a boy wearing red and blue .	a dog hunts his tail
contradiction	a negro dog pursues a boy wearing red and blue .	a dog chases his tail
contradiction	A males sits behind a decorated tables inner a room with fabrics draped down the walls .	Man building a housing out of stone .
contradiction	A men sits behind a decorated table interior a room with fabrics draped down the walls .	Man building a housing out of stone .
contradiction	A male sits behind a decorated tables inner a room with fabrics draped down the walls .	Man building a house out of stone .
contradiction	A blond females with a tattooing of on an angels on her arm walking down the street , a concrete wall in the background .	Nobody has a tattoo
contradiction	A blond women with a tattoo of on an angels on her arm walking down the street , a concrete wall in the background .	Nobody has a tattoo
contradiction	A blond female with a tattooing of on an angel on her arm walking down the street , a concrete wall in the background .	Nobody has a tattoo
contradiction	Several women wearing dresses dance in the forester .	There are males dancing
contradiction	Several females wearing dresses dances in the forests .	There are man dancing
contradiction	Several women wearing dresses dances in the forestry .	There are men dancing
contradiction	A woman looks at a photographer and framing tools while standing in a sparse building with lumber floors and bare white walls .	A females is dance in an art gallery .
contradiction	A women looks at a photographing and framing tools while standing in a sparse building with wooden floors and hairless white walls .	A females is dances in an art gallery .
contradiction	A woman looks at a images and framing tools while standing in a sparse building with wood floors and naked white walls .	A women is dancing in an art gallery .
contradiction	A youthful daughters jumps off her swing in front of building .	a boy beverages coffee
contradiction	A youth girl jumps off her swing in front of building .	a boy drinks coffee
contradiction	A kid daughters jumps off her swing in front of building .	a boy beverages coffee
contradiction	A panel is walking between two giant rock formations .	A panels is swim .
contradiction	A grouping is walking between two giant rock formations .	A panel is swim .
contradiction	A panel is walking between two giant rock formations .	A panel is swim .
contradiction	Four people walk across stepping stones in a agency of water .	Three people are riding in a examining .
contradiction	Four people walk across stepping stones in a organs of water .	Three people are riding in a navigator .
contradiction	Four people walk across stepping stones in a body of water .	Three people are riding in a investigation .
contradiction	The women is photographed statues outdoors on a sunny day .	Two men taking photography of animals
contradiction	The women is photos statues outdoors on a sunny day .	Two men taking image of animals
contradiction	The female is photographer statues outdoors on a sunny day .	Two males taking image of animals
contradiction	A teenager girl is wearing a blue patterned swimwear , a negro and yellow swim ceilings and has blue swimming spectacles on her head .	Girl clothed in nightgown sneaking into kitchen .
contradiction	A young daughters is wearing a blue patterned swimsuit , a negro and yellow swimming cap and has blue swimming eyeglasses on her head .	Girl attired in nightgown sneak into kitchen .
contradiction	A teenager daughters is wearing a blue patterned swimwear , a negro and yellow swim ceiling and has blue swim sunglasses on her head .	Girl clothed in nightgown sneaking into kitchen .
contradiction	A masculine in purple tie is singing .	A mens is conversations to others .
contradiction	A man in purple tie is sung .	A males is talking to others .
contradiction	A men in purple tie is sings .	A male is conversation to others .
contradiction	A worker shoveling dirt into a wheelbarrow .	The worker is shoveling snow .
contradiction	A worker shoveling dirt into a wheelbarrow .	The worker is shoveling snow .
contradiction	A worker shoveling filth into a wheelbarrow .	The worker is shoveling snowy .
contradiction	An elderly gray-haired mens with spectacles in a gray t-shirt is working on a sculpture .	The male is 10 olds old
contradiction	An old gray-haired male with glasses in a gray t-shirt is working on a sculpture .	The male is 10 olds old
contradiction	An age gray-haired men with sunglasses in a gray t-shirt is working on a sculpture .	The mens is 10 olds old
contradiction	Four men in the forestry move a cannon down the routes .	The females are going for a run in the forest .
contradiction	Four mens in the forestry move a canon down the routing .	The women are going for a run in the forestry .
contradiction	Four man in the woodland move a cannon down the routes .	The females are going for a run in the forester .
contradiction	A little daughters drawing with chalk , on a blackboard .	A daughters is baking a cake in her kitchen .
contradiction	A little daughter drawing with chalk , on a chalkboard .	A daughters is baking a cake in her kitchen .
contradiction	A little girls drawing with chalk , on a blackboard .	A daughters is baking a cake in her kitchen .
contradiction	A lady in a white tank and shorts fixing a timber drawer .	The females is wearing a garb .
contradiction	A dame in a white tank and shorts fixing a wood drawer .	The woman is wearing a frock .
contradiction	A lady in a white tank and shorts fixing a timber drawer .	The women is wearing a attire .
contradiction	A racer on a bicycling silo one hand in the aircraft .	A racer on horseback .
contradiction	A runner on a motorcycles lifts one hand in the airplanes .	A racer on horseback .
contradiction	A runner on a motorbike lifts one hand in the aerial .	A racer on horseback .
contradiction	A runner on a bicycle elevators one hand in the airways .	A persons waves at the camera .
contradiction	A racer on a bikes elevators one hand in the planes .	A individuals waves at the camera .
contradiction	A runner on a cycle silo one hand in the air .	A individuals waves at the camera .
contradiction	An elder females with short red-hair is preparing food in a kitchen .	A adolescents females is making food in the kitchen .
contradiction	An aged woman with short red-hair is preparing food in a kitchen .	A miners females is making food in the kitchen .
contradiction	An aged woman with short red-hair is preparing food in a kitchen .	A adolescent females is making food in the kitchen .
contradiction	Two female are eating lollipops - the blond women is wearing a button and the one with brown hairdo and a scarf has her eyes closed .	Two sisters are eating cotton candy .
contradiction	Two women are eating lollipops - the blond women is wearing a button and the one with brown hair and a scarf has her eyes closed .	Two sisters are eating cotton candy .
contradiction	Two woman are eating lollipops - the blond women is wearing a button and the one with brown hairstyle and a scarf has her eyes closed .	Two sisters are eating cotton candy .
contradiction	A male is giving another men a haircut while three other guys stand around .	A males with long braided hairdo is dances alone on a pavement in a loincloth .
contradiction	A male is giving another men a haircut while three other guys stand around .	A masculine with long braided hairstyle is dance alone on a pavement in a loincloth .
contradiction	A males is giving another man a haircut while three other guys stand around .	A men with lengthy braided hairdo is dances alone on a pavement in a loincloth .
contradiction	A boy in a green shirt on a skateboarding on a stone wall with graffiti	A boy in a green shirt rollerblading through the tunnel .
contradiction	A boy in a green shirt on a skateboard on a stone wall with graffiti	A boy in a green shirt rollerblading through the tunnels .
contradiction	A boy in a green shirt on a skateboarding on a stone wall with graffiti	A boy in a green shirt rollerblading through the tunnel .
contradiction	Men at a parties hanging out on the front porch .	There are no masculine at the parties .
contradiction	Men at a parties hanging out on the front porch .	There are no man at the party .
contradiction	Men at a party hanging out on the front porch .	There are no men at the parties .
contradiction	A male and two female are walking down a wooded routing , the men is pushing a teens child in a three wheels carriage .	Two guys snatched a women .
contradiction	A masculine and two females are walking down a wooded path , the mens is pushing a smaller juveniles in a three wheeled carriage .	Two guys hijacked a females .
contradiction	A males and two females are walking down a wooded pathway , the males is pushing a underage youngsters in a three wheel carriage .	Two guys hijack a women .
contradiction	Girls giving a presentations for a school class .	The daughter are watching a presentation in a classroom .
contradiction	Girls giving a presentation for a school class .	The girls are watching a presentations in a classroom .
contradiction	Girls giving a presentation for a school class .	The girl are watching a presentation in a classroom .
contradiction	A aging masculine with gray hair wearing a grey suit next to a green and yellow taxis .	A aged woman sits in a green and yellow taxi .
contradiction	A old male with gray hairdo wearing a gray suit next to a green and yellow taxi .	A age woman sits in a green and yellow cab .
contradiction	A elders man with grey hair wearing a grey suit next to a green and yellow taxi .	A elders women sits in a green and yellow cab .
contradiction	The male in camouflage underclothes phones 911 for the mens in negro sneakers who is lies on the ground having a heart attack .	The sneakers are white .
contradiction	The male in conceal breeches cellphones 911 for the males in negro sneakers who is lie on the ground having a heart attack .	The sneakers are white .
contradiction	The mens in disguise trousers telephones 911 for the man in black sneakers who is lies on the ground having a heart attacks .	The sneakers are white .
contradiction	A choir of teenaged are singing .	the adolescent are sung at home
contradiction	A choir of kids are sing .	the youngsters are sing at home
contradiction	A choir of teens are singing .	the youth are singing at home
contradiction	The back of a women wearing a white jacket with blue jeans walking towards a flock of birds .	There was a dog indoor .
contradiction	The back of a woman wearing a white jacket with blue jeans walking towards a herd of birds .	There was a dog inner .
contradiction	The back of a female wearing a white jacket with blue jeans walking toward a herd of birds .	There was a dog internal .
contradiction	A newspaper delivery man smiles as he walks down a sidewalk holding his papers on top of his head .	This person 's solely job is being a welder on an oil rig .
contradiction	A newspapers delivery mens smiles as he walks down a sidewalk holding his papers on top of his head .	This individuals 's solely job is being a welding on an oil rig .
contradiction	A journals delivery masculine smiles as he walks down a pavement holding his papers on top of his head .	This individuals 's only job is being a soldering on an oil rigging .
contradiction	A underage redheaded girl in a blue shirt is walking and talking with a boy in black Pearl Jam shirt .	An elderly couple clocks the sunset .
contradiction	A teenagers redheaded daughter in a blue shirt is walking and discussions with a boy in negro Pearl Jam shirt .	An outdated couple watches the sunset .
contradiction	A kid redheaded girl in a blue shirt is walking and discussions with a boy in black Pearl Jam shirt .	An age couple clocks the sunset .
contradiction	A masculine and a woman are on a seesaw .	Two smaller on a seesaw .
contradiction	A mens and a woman are on a seesaw .	Two adolescents on a seesaw .
contradiction	A man and a females are on a seesaw .	Two child on a seesaw .
contradiction	The person is reading a book .	A men listens to an audio book .
contradiction	The person is reading a book .	A men listens to an acoustics book .
contradiction	The persons is reading a book .	A males listens to an acoustic book .
contradiction	A male wearing a straw hat sitting in a chairs holding the leash on a dog who is laying on the sidewalk next to him .	The male is wearing a baseball ceilings .
contradiction	A males wearing a straw hat sitting in a chair holding the leash on a dog who is laying on the sidewalk next to him .	The males is wearing a baseball chap .
contradiction	A mens wearing a straw hat sitting in a chairs holding the leash on a dog who is laying on the pavement next to him .	The masculine is wearing a baseball ceiling .
contradiction	Sexy kids mens stand on a balcony having a heated conversation .	The adolescents men are in finishes agreement .
contradiction	Sexy miner mens stand on a balcony having a heated conversation .	The children man are in finishes agreement .
contradiction	Sexy children mens stand on a balcony having a heated discussions .	The young masculine are in completes agreement .
contradiction	A little boy with an orange sac walks under a tree through the wood .	A girl walks through a field .
contradiction	A little boy with an orange purses walks under a tree through the wooden .	A daughters walks through a field .
contradiction	A small boy with an orange pockets walks under a tree through the timber .	A daughter walks through a field .
contradiction	Dog running with pet toy being chased by another dog .	A dog is being chased by a cat
contradiction	Dog running with pet toy being chased by another dog .	A dog is being chased by a cat
contradiction	Dog running with pet toy being chased by another dog .	A dog is being chased by a cat
contradiction	A panel of adolescent man are running in a grassy field .	A mens sits by itself in the grass reading a book .
contradiction	A group of teenaged male are running in a grassy field .	A mens sits by himself in the grass reading a book .
contradiction	A panel of minors men are running in a grassy field .	A masculine sits by itself in the grass reading a book .
contradiction	A man wearing a gray tank top is collection a red rose from a woman who is wearing a white dress	A women keeps flower to herself .
contradiction	A mens wearing a gray tank top is collection a red rose from a women who is wearing a white dress	A female keeps flower to herself .
contradiction	A male wearing a gray tank top is collecting a red rose from a woman who is wearing a white dress	A women keeps flowering to herself .
contradiction	A petite baby wearing a blue outfit is grabbing some fruit .	A small baby is wearing red .
contradiction	A little baby wearing a blue outfit is grabbing some fruit .	A small baby is wearing red .
contradiction	A petite baby wearing a blue outfit is grabbing some fruit .	A petite baby is wearing red .
contradiction	A woman is applying lip makeup to another females who seems to have some green in her hairstyle .	The masculine is readies to fight
contradiction	A woman is apply lip makeup to another female who seems to have some green in her hairstyle .	The male is prepared to fight
contradiction	A woman is apply lip makeup to another females who seems to have some green in her hair .	The man is poised to fight
contradiction	A person attired in a dress with flowering and a stuffed bee attach to it , is pushing a baby stroller down the street .	A lady sitting on a bench in the park .
contradiction	A person dressed in a frock with flowering and a stuffed bee attached to it , is pushing a baby stroller down the street .	A lady sitting on a bench in the park .
contradiction	A person clothed in a frock with flower and a upholstered bee attach to it , is pushing a baby stroller down the street .	A lady sitting on a bench in the park .
contradiction	There is a female in a white tank top and conceal undergarments with a monumental negro belt on a stages holding a mics .	A female is on stages holding a guitar and is ready to perform for the audience .
contradiction	There is a woman in a white tank top and camouflage undergarments with a huge negro belt on a stage holding a microphone .	A females is on stage holding a guitar and is readies to perform for the audience .
contradiction	There is a woman in a white tank top and conceal trousers with a hefty negro belt on a stage holding a mics .	A woman is on stage holding a guitar and is prepared to perform for the audience .
contradiction	Woman wearing an orange scarf holding a mobiles .	A females wearing a blue scarf is working at a mill .
contradiction	Woman wearing an orange scarf holding a cellphone .	A woman wearing a blue scarf is working at a mill .
contradiction	Woman wearing an orange scarf holding a portable .	A female wearing a blue scarf is working at a mills .
contradiction	A females in a headscarf sitting in front of a loom .	the woman is standing
contradiction	A woman in a headscarf sitting in front of a looms .	the females is standing
contradiction	A females in a headscarf sitting in front of a loom .	the women is standing
contradiction	A men wearing an oxford shirt , sunglasses , and a hat smirks .	A men with his dives gear .
contradiction	A male wearing an oxford shirt , eyeglasses , and a hat smirks .	A males with his dive gear .
contradiction	A masculine wearing an oxford shirt , glasses , and a hat smirks .	A masculine with his dive gear .
contradiction	Women are working and digs in a field .	Women are sitting on a grassy field .
contradiction	Women are working and digs in a field .	Women are sitting on a grassy field .
contradiction	Women are working and excavating in a field .	Women are sitting on a grassy field .
contradiction	Politician John McCain on a talk show .	John McCain is hosting a talk show .
contradiction	Politician John McCain on a talk show .	John McCain is hosting a talk show .
contradiction	Politician John McCain on a talk show .	John McCain is hosting a talk show .
contradiction	Pedestrians use the crosswalks as traffic awaits their turning to drives through an intersection .	Traffic drive through the crosswalk .
contradiction	Pedestrians use the crosswalks as traffic awaiting their turning to driving through an junction .	Traffic drives through the crosswalk .
contradiction	Pedestrians use the crosswalks as traffic awaiting their turn to drives through an intersection .	Traffic drives through the crosswalk .
contradiction	Several people including a teens and a clown are walking toward a snowy sidewalk	Mane people sit in the street .
contradiction	Several people including a juvenile and a clown are walking towards a snowy sidewalk	Mane people sit in the street .
contradiction	Several people including a teens and a clown are walking towards a snowy sidewalk	Mane people sit in the street .
contradiction	A miners Asian adolescents stands at the top of some steps and does n't seem to notices the individuals taking their image .	A minors notice his mommy taking a photographs .
contradiction	A miner Asian adolescents stands at the top of some steps and does n't seem to notices the persons taking their photographed .	A adolescence notices his mummy taking a photographed .
contradiction	A adolescents Asian juveniles stands at the top of some steps and does n't seem to notice the persons taking their photograph .	A young notices his mama taking a photographic .
contradiction	A child rides a motorbikes in a sunny neighborhood .	the underage is at home watching movies
contradiction	A juveniles rides a motorcycles in a sunny neighborhood .	the miners is at home watching movies
contradiction	A teenagers rides a cyclist in a sunny neighborhood .	the teenaged is at home watching movies
contradiction	A females wearing colonial garment is sitting on the grass reading to a miner girls .	The people are riding in a plane .
contradiction	A women wearing colonial clothes is sitting on the grass reading to a adolescent daughters .	The people are riding in a plane .
contradiction	A women wearing colonial clothes is sitting on the grass reading to a youthful girl .	The people are riding in a airways .
contradiction	A men is sitting on the floor , sleeping .	A male is lurks down , sleep .
contradiction	A men is sitting on the floor , slept .	A males is lying down , slumber .
contradiction	A men is sitting on the floor , sleep .	A masculine is lying down , slept .
contradiction	An seniors caucasian couple is having their image taken by a stone statue of a masculine and woman kiss .	The teens couple are taking photography of the countryside .
contradiction	An senior caucasian couple is having their image taken by a stone statue of a mens and female kiss .	The juveniles couple are taking photograph of the countryside .
contradiction	An archaic caucasian couple is having their picture taken by a stone statue of a men and females kissing .	The teenagers couple are taking photographing of the countryside .
contradiction	Three performers are on the stage floor in black lace costumes .	Three people sit in a cafe .
contradiction	Three performers are on the stage floor in black lace costumes .	Three people sit in a cafe .
contradiction	Three performers are on the stage floor in black lace costumes .	Three people sit in a cafe .
contradiction	A petite daughter in a grey jacket is riding her bicycle .	A small girl in a grey jacket is drive a motor .
contradiction	A petite girls in a grey jacket is riding her mopeds .	A little girl in a grey jacket is driving a vehicles .
contradiction	A little girl in a grey jacket is riding her motorbike .	A little daughters in a gray jacket is drives a motors .
contradiction	Uniformed panels walks down a street .	A grouping of people watch a movie .
contradiction	Uniformed grouping walks down a street .	A grouping of people watch a film .
contradiction	Uniformed panel walks down a street .	A groups of people watch a movies .
contradiction	Two girls , one with dark hairstyle , wearing goggles and red underpants , the other with a blue shirt and jeans with blond-hair talking and walking down a pavement .	An elder pirate shows off all his extreme tattoos .
contradiction	Two daughter , one with dark hair , wearing glasses and red pants , the other with a blue shirt and jeans with blond-hair conversations and walking down a sidewalk .	An older pirate shows off all his extreme tattoos .
contradiction	Two girl , one with dark hair , wearing glasses and red breeches , the other with a blue shirt and jeans with blond-hair conversations and walking down a pavement .	An aging pirates shows off all his extreme tattoos .
contradiction	Two juvenile boys are playing in a fountain in a town plaza .	Kids are taking a bath .
contradiction	Two young boys are playing in a fountain in a town plaza .	Kids are taking a bath .
contradiction	Two kid boys are playing in a fountain in a town plaza .	Kids are taking a bath .
contradiction	A men in a negro hat openings his mouth .	A masculine in black hat keeps his lips sealed .
contradiction	A males in a black hat opened his mouth .	A mens in black hat keeps his lips sealed .
contradiction	A male in a negro hat opens his mouth .	A man in black hat keeps his lips seal .
contradiction	A women in a pink top is holding a glass bottle in one hand and a Stitch doll in the other .	The doll is n't Stitch
contradiction	A female in a pink top is holding a glass bottle in one hand and a Stitch doll in the other .	The doll is n't Stitch
contradiction	A woman in a pink top is holding a glass bottle in one hand and a Stitch doll in the other .	The doll is n't Stitch
contradiction	A man jumps off a cliff with a town view below .	Man walks down a hill .
contradiction	A men jumps off a cliff with a city view below .	Man walks down a hill .
contradiction	A males jumps off a cliff with a town view below .	Man walks down a hill .
contradiction	A teenaged woman cook a meal in a wok while conversing with another woman , as an illuminated shrine to Mr. T looks on .	Both of these females are clinically muted .
contradiction	A youth woman cooking a meal in a wok while conversing with another woman , as an illuminated shrine to Mr. T looks on .	Both of these females are clinically silent .
contradiction	A miners females cook a meal in a wok while conversing with another women , as an lighted shrine to Mr. T looks on .	Both of these women are clinically muted .
contradiction	A female , wearing a colorful bikini , rests laying down next to the blue water .	The women is wearing a homecoming attire .
contradiction	A females , wearing a colorful bikini , rests laying down next to the blue water .	The women is wearing a homecoming frock .
contradiction	A women , wearing a colorful bikini , rests laying down next to the blue water .	The women is wearing a homecoming garb .
contradiction	Two females are in a petite kitchen , with a illuminated up portrait of Mr. T in the background .	They are hanging out with Mr. Rogers .
contradiction	Two female are in a little kitchen , with a lighted up portrait of Mr. T in the background .	They are hanging out with Mr. Rogers .
contradiction	Two females are in a little kitchen , with a lighted up portrait of Mr. T in the background .	They are hanging out with Mr. Rogers .
contradiction	The men wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .	The masculine is walking his dog .
contradiction	The male wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .	The man is walking his dog .
contradiction	The mens wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .	The man is walking his dog .
contradiction	Two masculine entering a brick home during the snowy .	It 's a bright summer day when the masculine enter the home
contradiction	Two mens entering a brick home during the snowy .	It 's a bright summer day when the man enter the home
contradiction	Two man entering a brick home during the snow .	It 's a bright summer day when the mens enter the home
contradiction	A men with spectacles is poking at a trees with a poles .	Nobody is poking
contradiction	A mens with goggles is poking at a tree with a poles .	Nobody is poking
contradiction	A masculine with glasses is poking at a trees with a poles .	Nobody is poking
contradiction	Two construction workers perched on an I beam , assembling a building frame .	The men are slumber in a bed .
contradiction	Two construction workers perched on an I beam , assembling a building frame .	The men are sleeping in a bed .
contradiction	Two construction workers perched on an I beam , assembling a building frame .	The male are slept in a bed .
contradiction	Two girl holding purses walking down the sidewalk .	Some female are apply makeup .
contradiction	Two girl holding rucksack walking down the pavement .	Some women are apply makeup .
contradiction	Two daughter holding sac walking down the sidewalk .	Some female are applying makeup .
contradiction	The teenage daughters is airborne as she falls into the lake .	A girls has tripped and fallen into a piling of raked leaves .
contradiction	The smaller girls is airborne as she falls into the lake .	A girl has tripped and fallen into a pile of raked leaves .
contradiction	The teenaged daughter is airborne as she falls into the lake .	A girls has tripped and fallen into a pile of raked leaves .
contradiction	Hikers walk along some arduous terrain .	A mid-day tea parties in a miniature house attract these teen daughters .
contradiction	Hikers walk along some harsh terrain .	A mid-day tea parties in a miniature house attracts these youths daughters .
contradiction	Hikers walk along some difficult terrain .	A mid-day tea party in a miniature housing attract these underage daughters .
contradiction	People are sitting in a cheery Mexican restaurant .	People are readies to order Chinese food
contradiction	People are sitting in a cheery Mexican restaurant .	People are ready to order Chinese food
contradiction	People are sitting in a cheery Mexican restaurant .	People are braced to ordering Chinese food
contradiction	An obese white men wearing a blue shirt and khaki shorts sits in front of fountain all while gabbing on cellphones .	A men is slept in front of a fountain .
contradiction	An obese white male wearing a blue shirt and khaki shorts sits in front of fountain all while gabbing on phone .	A men is sleeping in front of a fountain .
contradiction	An obese white man wearing a blue shirt and khaki shorts sits in front of fountain all while gabbing on phone .	A man is sleep in front of a fountain .
contradiction	An old mens is kneeling and discussions to a panels of cadet teenagers , all in soccer uniforms .	a cat sleeps soundly
contradiction	An seniors man is kneeling and conversation to a groups of cadet youth , all in soccer uniform .	a cat sleeps soundly
contradiction	An elderly males is kneeling and conversation to a group of younger adolescence , all in soccer uniformed .	a cat sleeps soundly
contradiction	A women in a spaghetti strap tank wearing a flowers in her hairdo is staring towards the right .	The females is slept on a pillow .
contradiction	A females in a spaghetti strap tank wearing a flowering in her hair is staring towards the rights .	The females is sleeping on a pillow .
contradiction	A woman in a spaghetti strap tank wearing a flower in her hairdo is staring toward the right .	The females is sleep on a pillow .
contradiction	A brown dog jumps over an barrier .	The dog is in a pool .
contradiction	A brown dog jumps over an obstacles .	The dog is in a pool .
contradiction	A brown dog jumps over an hurdles .	The dog is in a pool .
contradiction	A rugby player swings his leg back to punt the ball .	There is a persons sitting on the bed .
contradiction	A rugby player swings his leg back to punt the ball .	There is a persons sitting on the bed .
contradiction	A rugby player swings his leg back to punt the ball .	There is a persons sitting on the bed .
contradiction	A female in a striped shirt is walking a equestrian across a street .	A females in a striped shirt is running with a dog across a street .
contradiction	A female in a striped shirt is walking a equestrian across a street .	A women in a striped shirt is running with a dog across a street .
contradiction	A women in a striped shirt is walking a horse across a street .	A woman in a striped shirt is running with a dog across a street .
contradiction	A daughter in a black skirt and blue frock is watering flowers .	The daughter is putting water in the pot .
contradiction	A daughters in a black skirt and blue attire is watering flower .	The girl is putting water in the pot .
contradiction	A girls in a black skirt and blue attire is watering flower .	The girl is putting water in the pot .
contradiction	The small boy is smiling as he crosses a rope on an assault course .	The girls tries on the blue attire at the boutique .
contradiction	The petite boy is smiling as he crosses a rope on an assault course .	The daughters tries on the blue dress at the boutique .
contradiction	The small boy is smiling as he crosses a rope on an assault course .	The girl tries on the blue attire at the boutique .
contradiction	People wearing sombreros drank shots happily .	Mourners toast their lost loved ones .
contradiction	People wearing sombreros drank shots happily .	Mourners toast their lost loved ones .
contradiction	People wearing sombreros drink shots happily .	Mourners toast their lost loved ones .
contradiction	A females with a blue shirt and colorful hairdo has just thrown the bowling ball .	A females is slumber .
contradiction	A female with a blue shirt and colorful hairstyle has just thrown the snooker ball .	A females is slept .
contradiction	A women with a blue shirt and colorful hairdo has just thrown the snooker ball .	A females is slumber .
contradiction	Two men , wearing identical shirts look into a classic automobiles hood .	Two people are sitting on the side of the pathway .
contradiction	Two men , wearing identical shirts look into a classic automobile hood .	Two people are sitting on the side of the routing .
contradiction	Two mens , wearing identical shirts look into a classic vehicle hood .	Two people are sitting on the side of the path .
contradiction	A female sits on a mat next to a shirtless boy who is searches in the direction of a checkers board that consists diverse pieces .	A female stands in a TV room and clocks her sons watching TV .
contradiction	A female sits on a carpeting next to a shirtless boy who is search in the direction of a checkers board that contains differing pieces .	A female stands in a TV room and watches her son watching TV .
contradiction	A female sits on a treadmill next to a shirtless boy who is search in the direction of a checkers board that includes multiple pieces .	A woman stands in a TV room and clocks her son watching TV .
contradiction	A panels of male , woman and young are standing around .	A group of people are laying down .
contradiction	A group of masculine , females and teenaged are standing around .	A grouping of people are laying down .
contradiction	A panels of men , female and children are standing around .	A groups of people are laying down .
contradiction	A women in a purple jacket walks by two outdated mens outboard a cafe .	A female in an orange jacket .
contradiction	A woman in a purple jacket walks by two antiquated man outside a cafe .	A woman in an orange jacket .
contradiction	A women in a purple jacket walks by two antique man outside a cafe .	A female in an orange jacket .
contradiction	A woman in a blue jacket dragging a smaller on a sled through the snow .	The women in the blue jacket has three legs and two chiefs .
contradiction	A woman in a blue jacket drag a youths on a sled through the snowy .	The female in the blue jacket has three legs and two chiefs .
contradiction	A female in a blue jacket drag a teenaged on a sled through the snowy .	The female in the blue jacket has three legs and two chiefs .
contradiction	A guy with piercings , tattoos and a mohawk is looking at the camera while lounging in a chairs .	A male is taking photo of his cat .
contradiction	A guy with piercings , tattoos and a mohawk is searches at the camera while lounging in a chairs .	A mens is taking image of his cat .
contradiction	A guy with piercings , tattoos and a mohawk is searching at the camera while lounging in a chair .	A masculine is taking photographer of his cat .
contradiction	Two man pouring concrete onto another truck .	The male are eating lunch
contradiction	Two masculine pouring concrete onto another truck .	The mens are eating lunch
contradiction	Two male pouring concrete onto another truck .	The male are eating lunch
contradiction	A brown dog carries an object in its mouth on a snowy hillside .	A dog is carry an object down a grassy side .
contradiction	A brown dog carries an object in its mouth on a snow hillside .	A dog is carrying an object down a grassy side .
contradiction	A brown dog carries an object in its mouth on a snowy hillside .	A dog is carrying an object down a grassy side .
contradiction	batter hits a baseball	An referee signal that the racer sliding into home plate is `` out '' .
contradiction	batter hits a baseball	An referees signal that the racer sliding into home plate is `` out '' .
contradiction	batter hits a baseball	An referee signalling that the runner sliding into home plate is `` out '' .
contradiction	A negro dog is swim with a ball in his mouth .	The dog is asleep in the grass .
contradiction	A black dog is swimming with a ball in his mouth .	The dog is asleep in the grass .
contradiction	A black dog is swimming with a ball in his mouth .	The dog is asleep in the grass .
contradiction	A teens boy is taking American flags to placing them where they will reminded others of the sacrifices made by veterans .	A girl is fight a veteran .
contradiction	A kid boy is taking American flags to place them where they will reminding others of the sacrifices made by veterans .	A girl is combat a veteran .
contradiction	A teenager boy is taking American flags to place them where they will remind others of the sacrifices made by veterans .	A daughter is tussle a veteran .
contradiction	A females acrobat with long , blond curly hairdo , dangling upside down while suspending herself from lengthy , red ribbons of fabric .	A equestrian jumps over a fences .
contradiction	A females acrobat with long , blond curly hairstyle , dangling upside down while suspending herself from long , red ribbons of fabric .	A equestrian jumps over a fence .
contradiction	A woman acrobat with lengthy , blond curly hairstyle , dangling upside down while suspending herself from lengthy , red ribbons of fabric .	A horse jumps over a fence .
contradiction	A musical group performs on stage with their instruments .	A rock bands performs on the beach .
contradiction	A musical panels performs on stage with their instruments .	A rock bands performs on the beach .
contradiction	A musical groups performs on stage with their instruments .	A rock bands performs on the beach .
contradiction	two samoyads playing in the snowy .	The Samoyads are eating their dinner .
contradiction	two samoyads playing in the snow .	The Samoyads are eating their dinner .
contradiction	two samoyads play in the snowy .	The Samoyads are eating their dinner .
contradiction	A teenagers face-painted boy is sucking his thumb .	The boy is not sucking his thumb .
contradiction	A miners face-painted boy is sucking his thumb .	The boy is not sucking his thumb .
contradiction	A adolescent face-painted boy is sucking his thumb .	The boy is not sucking his thumb .
contradiction	Two smiling young girl wearing plastic sunglasses are lying on the grass .	Two boys smile wearing tank tops .
contradiction	Two smiling juveniles daughter wearing plastic eyeglasses are lurks on the grass .	Two boys smile wearing tank tops .
contradiction	Two smiling kids girls wearing plastic sunglasses are lying on the grass .	Two boys smile wearing tank tops .
contradiction	Children are playing in the street with a toy .	The teenage are internal .
contradiction	Children are play in the street with a toy .	The youth are inside .
contradiction	Children are playing in the street with a toy .	The kids are indoor .
contradiction	A panels of people watch a breakdancer in a red jacket do a one-handed trick .	Man who wears red jacket got an accidents .
contradiction	A panels of people watch a breakdancer in a red jacket do a one-handed ploy .	Man who wears red jacket got an accident .
contradiction	A panels of people watch a breakdancer in a red jacket do a one-handed trick .	Man who wears red jacket got an accidents .
contradiction	Man in traditional costume holding small guitar with a silver mopeds behind him .	A female sits on the floor near a blue bicycle .
contradiction	Man in traditional costume holding petite guitar with a silver motorcycles behind him .	A woman sits on the floor near a blue bicycling .
contradiction	Man in traditional costume holding petite guitar with a silver cycle behind him .	A female sits on the floor near a blue motorcycles .
contradiction	A small boy is sitting on a giraffe bouncy while learns .	The boy is standing .
contradiction	A petite boy is sitting on a giraffe bouncy while learns .	The boy is standing .
contradiction	A small boy is sitting on a giraffe bouncy while learn .	The boy is standing .
contradiction	A person is surfing a big wave .	A persons is sitting in a chair .
contradiction	A individuals is surf a big wave .	A person is sitting in a chair .
contradiction	A person is surf a jumbo wave .	A person is sitting in a chair .
contradiction	A solider using binoculars in a deserts .	A serviceman standing outdoor of a palace .
contradiction	A serviceman using binoculars in a deserts .	A military standing outer of a palace .
contradiction	A soldier using binoculars in a deserts .	A serviceman standing outer of a palace .
contradiction	A woman and two young walk along stones to cross a river while a dog swims .	A dog is slept .
contradiction	A women and two teenaged walk along stones to crossed a river while a dog swims .	A dog is sleep .
contradiction	A women and two juveniles walk along stones to crossing a river while a dog swims .	A dog is sleeping .
contradiction	A beach boardwalk during summertime .	A routing cover by snowy .
contradiction	A beach boardwalk during summertime .	A pathway covered by snowy .
contradiction	A beach boardwalk during summertime .	A routes cover by snowy .
contradiction	Two man in neon yellow shirts busily sawing a registers in half .	Two males are hammering .
contradiction	Two mens in neon yellow shirts busily sawing a registers in half .	Two males are hammering .
contradiction	Two man in neon yellow shirts busily sawing a recording in half .	Two men are hammering .
contradiction	A singer wearing a leather jacket performs on stage with dramatic lights behind him .	the singer did not show up
contradiction	A singer wearing a leather jacket performs on stages with dramatic lighting behind him .	the singer did not show up
contradiction	A singer wearing a leather jacket performs on stage with dramatic lights behind him .	the singer did not show up
contradiction	A busy street with building lined up and people walking down the street outdoor and night .	Nobody is lined up
contradiction	A busy street with building lined up and people walking down the street outer and nightly .	Nobody is lined up
contradiction	A busy street with building lined up and people walking down the street outside and nighttime .	Nobody is lined up
contradiction	A males bicycling on road and enjoying .	A males is asleep in his bed .
contradiction	A males bikes on road and enjoying .	A men is asleep in his bed .
contradiction	A mens motorcycle on path and enjoying .	A males is asleep in his bed .
contradiction	A dog biting a male 's rear	A cat attacks a males .
contradiction	A dog biting a man 's rear	A cat attack a man .
contradiction	A dog biting a men 's rear	A cat attack a male .
contradiction	A male wearing a brightly green disguise patterned denim jacket and boots walks by a building labeled Lottery Ticket Centre .	A male in a red jacket is near a building label Lottery Ticket Centre .
contradiction	A men wearing a brightly green camouflage patterned denim jacket and boots walks by a building etiquette Lottery Ticket Centre .	A male in a red jacket is near a building label Lottery Ticket Centre .
contradiction	A men wearing a brightly green conceal patterned denim jacket and boots walks by a building labeling Lottery Ticket Centre .	A males in a red jacket is near a building tagging Lottery Ticket Centre .
contradiction	A dog with a ball in his mouth running down a routes covered in leaves .	A cat running up a tree
contradiction	A dog with a ball in his mouth running down a path covered in leaves .	A cat running up a tree
contradiction	A dog with a ball in his mouth running down a pathway cover in leaves .	A cat running up a tree
contradiction	A couple walks hand-in-hand in front of Victorian-style building and a wall with a hefty slept baby painted on it .	A couple walks in front of a probing .
contradiction	A couple walks hand-in-hand in front of Victorian-style building and a wall with a massive sleeping baby paints on it .	A couple walks in front of a explorer .
contradiction	A couple walks hand-in-hand in front of Victorian-style building and a wall with a huge slept baby paints on it .	A couple walks in front of a study .
contradiction	A male in shorts and flip-flops is carrying a satchel on his back .	A male is exterior with no pockets on his back .
contradiction	A males in shorts and flip-flops is carrying a backpack on his back .	A mens is outboard with no purse on his back .
contradiction	A male in shorts and flip-flops is carry a purse on his back .	A male is outboard with no purses on his back .
contradiction	Two boys in a dinghy in front of a supreme ships with a storm coming in .	Two boys in a sailboat
contradiction	Two boys in a canoeing in front of a upper survey with a storm coming in .	Two boys in a sailboat
contradiction	Two boys in a motorboat in front of a highest navigate with a storm coming in .	Two boys in a sailboat
contradiction	Two strong males work to saw a logging .	two strong men are having a beer
contradiction	Two strong male work to saw a recorded .	two strong man are having a beer
contradiction	Two strong mens work to saw a registering .	two strong man are having a beer
contradiction	A swan landing in a lake .	A swan is flying away from a lake .
contradiction	A swan landing in a lake .	A swan is flying away from a lake .
contradiction	A swan landing in a lake .	A swan is flying away from a lake .
contradiction	The female in the white coat is holding a camera in her hand .	The female is sleeping .
contradiction	The women in the white coat is holding a camera in her hand .	The women is sleeping .
contradiction	The females in the white coat is holding a camera in her hand .	The women is slumber .
contradiction	In a snow residential environment , a men with a brown jacket and gray mustache and beard places a hand on a felled log while another males in a blue shirt is fuzzy on the rights side of the photography .	The males have put out a fire .
contradiction	In a snowy residential environment , a males with a brown jacket and gray mustache and beard places a hand on a felled taping while another masculine in a blue shirt is hazy on the rights side of the photographer .	The male have put out a fire .
contradiction	In a snowy residential environment , a male with a brown jacket and gray mustache and beard places a hand on a felled recording while another man in a blue shirt is blurred on the rights side of the photograph .	The men have put out a fire .
contradiction	A grouping of schoolboys are walking through the campus .	A panel of people sit at home
contradiction	A group of student are walking through the campus .	A group of people sit at home
contradiction	A grouping of schoolboys are walking through the campus .	A panels of people sit at home
contradiction	A masculine in a red delivery truck is discussions to someone is a black coat .	A women in a red delivery truck is discussions to someone is a negro coat .
contradiction	A masculine in a red delivery truck is discussions to someone is a negro coat .	A woman in a red delivery truck is conversations to someone is a black coat .
contradiction	A mens in a red delivery truck is conversation to someone is a negro coat .	A women in a red delivery truck is conversations to someone is a negro coat .
contradiction	Three males in orange suits are doing street repairs at nighttime .	Three man in orange suits escaped from jail .
contradiction	Three males in orange suits are doing street mend at overnight .	Three males in orange suits escaped from prison .
contradiction	Three male in orange suits are doing street repairing at night .	Three male in orange suits escaped from prison .
contradiction	A boy lie on a hospital bed with his leg hanging over the side .	a petite daughters lays on a hospital bed
contradiction	A boy lying on a hospital bed with his leg hanging over the side .	a little daughters lays on a hospital bed
contradiction	A boy lurks on a hospital bed with his leg hanging over the side .	a little daughters lays on a hospital bed
contradiction	Two people are participating in the athletics fencing .	Two people playing dodgeball
contradiction	Two people are participating in the sports fence .	Two people play dodgeball
contradiction	Two people are participating in the sports fence .	Two people play dodgeball
contradiction	A boy on a skateboard in midair	The boy is doing a leap on rollerblades .
contradiction	A boy on a skateboard in midair	The boy is doing a jump on rollerblades .
contradiction	A boy on a skateboard in midair	The boy is doing a leap on rollerblades .
contradiction	A males bikes down a tunnel .	A men is playing videotaping game .
contradiction	A men bicycles down a tunnel .	A men is playing tapes game .
contradiction	A masculine motorcycles down a tunnel .	A mens is playing video games .
contradiction	A male and a woman jumping with a lake in the background .	They are swimming in the lake .
contradiction	A man and a woman jumping with a lake in the background .	They are swim in the lake .
contradiction	A man and a female jumping with a lake in the background .	They are swimming in the lake .
contradiction	A negro masculine wearing a red belt and a white males wearing a blue belt are pictured in the act of practicing martial arts interior a building with a females looking on in the background .	The males are blackbelts .
contradiction	A negro males wearing a red belt and a white man wearing a blue belt are pictured in the act of practicing martial arts inside a building with a female quest on in the background .	The mens are blackbelts .
contradiction	A negro mens wearing a red belt and a white mens wearing a blue belt are pictured in the act of practising martial arts internal a building with a woman search on in the background .	The male are blackbelts .
contradiction	Three teenaged are shooting guns in the lumber .	Three teen are making a cup of tea together .
contradiction	Three kids are shooting pistols in the wooden .	Three adolescents are making a cup of tea together .
contradiction	Three teenagers are shooting firearms in the lumber .	Three minors are making a cup of tea together .
contradiction	People are hiking up a mountain with no greenery .	People are play videotapes game .
contradiction	People are hiking up a mountain with no greenery .	People are playing tapes game .
contradiction	People are hiking up a mountain with no greenery .	People are play videotaping game .
contradiction	An individual is crouched down on top of rocks underneath a blue skies .	a women is inner at the movies
contradiction	An individual is crouched down on top of rocks underneath a blue sky .	a females is internal at the movies
contradiction	An individual is crouched down on top of rocks underneath a blue sky .	a women is inside at the movies
contradiction	A male in an argyle shirt bends down to look at the goodies through the glass in an Asian shop .	A male is blowing out his birthday cake .
contradiction	A men in an argyle shirt bends down to look at the goodies through the glass in an Asian shop .	A men is blowing out his birthday cake .
contradiction	A masculine in an argyle shirt bends down to look at the goodies through the glass in an Asian shop .	A masculine is blowing out his birthday cake .
contradiction	Two ladies at workout in mama nature .	The ladies are sitting on the floor .
contradiction	Two ladies at workout in mama nature .	The ladies are sitting on the floor .
contradiction	Two ladies at workout in momma nature .	The ladies are sitting on the floor .
contradiction	People buy fruits and vegetables at an opened air market .	People are dances to music in a club .
contradiction	People buy fruits and vegetables at an opening midair markets .	People are dances to music in a club .
contradiction	People buy fruits and vegetables at an opened aerial marketplace .	People are dances to music in a club .
contradiction	Two workers , one in a ditch and one standing on the ground , are working in front of a houses .	The workers are slept .
contradiction	Two workers , one in a ditch and one standing on the ground , are working in front of a dwelling .	The workers are sleeping .
contradiction	Two workers , one in a ditch and one standing on the ground , are working in front of a dwelling .	The workers are sleep .
contradiction	A men in khakis sitting at a table with a sign that reads `` poet for hiring . ''	The gentlemen is standing by the table .
contradiction	A man in khakis sitting at a table with a sign that reads `` poet for hire . ''	The gentleman is standing by the tables .
contradiction	A man in khakis sitting at a tables with a sign that reads `` poet for hiring . ''	The gentleman is standing by the table .
contradiction	People with rucksack walk along a dirt route in front of a green building .	People are riding a bus .
contradiction	People with pockets walk along a dirt routes in front of a green building .	People are riding a bus .
contradiction	People with bag walk along a dirt road in front of a green building .	People are riding a bus .
contradiction	A balding , heavyset masculine and a dog are resting beside an ornate monument featuring a greenish statue of a mens and a woman .	The masculine is dinghy down a slowly-moving river , enjoying the noonday sun .
contradiction	A balding , heavyset man and a dog are rest beside an ornate memorial featuring a greenish statue of a man and a woman .	The mens is motorboat down a slowly-moving river , enjoying the noonday sun .
contradiction	A balding , heavyset masculine and a dog are resting beside an ornate memorial featuring a greenish statue of a men and a females .	The masculine is skiff down a slowly-moving river , enjoying the noonday sun .
contradiction	A male in a red shirt is walking toward a blue market stall .	The man is sitting on a bench .
contradiction	A mens in a red shirt is walking toward a blue marketplace stall .	The males is sitting on a bench .
contradiction	A man in a red shirt is walking towards a blue market stall .	The male is sitting on a bench .
contradiction	Indy automobiles , white , blue with a red mark on the roof , rounding a turn , in front of the white cars .	People playing racketball
contradiction	Indy autos , white , blue with a red mark on the roof , rounding a turn , in front of the white automobiles .	People playing racketball
contradiction	Indy vehicular , white , blue with a red mark on the roof , rounding a turn , in front of the white automobiles .	People play racketball
contradiction	An aged males with a bundles poses in front of an promotional .	A men walks by an ads .
contradiction	An elders men with a packing poses in front of an advertising .	A mens walks by an advertise .
contradiction	An elderly masculine with a packing poses in front of an advertised .	A male walks by an announcement .
contradiction	A adolescence boy sits on the shoulders of a female , who is carry a minor daughters .	A woman is drives her youth around
contradiction	A young boy sits on the shoulders of a woman , who is carrying a youth girl .	A females is driving her adolescents around
contradiction	A minors boy sits on the shoulders of a female , who is carrying a minors girl .	A women is drives her teenaged around
contradiction	A miners blond children wearing a negro shirt and white shorts looks at the sky with a bridges and water in the background .	A miner takes a nap on a couch .
contradiction	A children blond youth wearing a black shirt and white shorts looks at the skies with a bridges and water in the background .	A underage takes a nap on a couch .
contradiction	A teens blond young wearing a negro shirt and white shorts looks at the skies with a bridge and water in the background .	A miners takes a nap on a couch .
contradiction	She is cooks food while wearing a dress .	A female in a dress dances in the club .
contradiction	She is cooking food while wearing a garb .	A woman in a garb dances in the club .
contradiction	She is cook food while wearing a dress .	A female in a dress dancing in the club .
contradiction	Four dogs of varied breeds running through a field .	Various dogs slumber in a homes .
contradiction	Four dogs of diverse breeds running through a field .	Various dogs sleeping in a houses .
contradiction	Four dogs of varied breeds running through a field .	Various dogs sleeping in a housing .
contradiction	A minors play a game called The Derby .	The smaller is slumber .
contradiction	A youths play a games called The Derby .	The teenagers is sleeping .
contradiction	A smaller play a games called The Derby .	The youth is sleep .
contradiction	A choir practicing in a church .	A panels of people is yelling and yelling .
contradiction	A choir practice in a church .	A groups of people is scream and scream .
contradiction	A choir practicing in a church .	A groups of people is shout and screams .
contradiction	Two man wearing negro smile while a seated females behind them looks weary .	The female looks like she 's full of energy .
contradiction	Two males wearing negro smile while a seated female behind them looks fatigued .	The female looks like she 's full of energy .
contradiction	Two males wearing negro smile while a seated woman behind them looks weary .	The women looks like she 's full of energy .
contradiction	A teens boy in a red shirt is wearing a helmet while sitting on a cycling .	A miners boy is watering some plant .
contradiction	A kid boy in a red shirt is wearing a helmet while sitting on a cycling .	A kids boy is watering some plant .
contradiction	A juveniles boy in a red shirt is wearing a helmet while sitting on a bicycle .	A children boy is watering some plant .
contradiction	Two child play in the snow by the side of the routes .	Toddles are roasting marshmallows .
contradiction	Two smaller play in the snow by the side of the route .	Toddles are roasting marshmallows .
contradiction	Two minors playing in the snowy by the side of the route .	Toddles are roasting marshmallows .
contradiction	A man in a yellow shirt and helmet mountain bicycle down a dusty pathway .	A females is jog down a pathway .
contradiction	A masculine in a yellow shirt and helmet mountain bicycles down a dusty pathway .	A females is jog down a routes .
contradiction	A male in a yellow shirt and helmet mountain motorcycle down a dusty path .	A female is jogging down a road .
contradiction	A mens is throwing something into the route .	A mens paints a house .
contradiction	A male is throwing something into the path .	A men paint a dwelling .
contradiction	A man is throwing something into the paths .	A males paints a house .
contradiction	A skier being helping onto a red stretcher by three masculine , while two other males and a females prepare to aids .	A skier is standing on a blue stretcher while three mens watch excitedly
contradiction	A skier being assists onto a red stretcher by three masculine , while two other man and a females prepare to helping .	A skier is standing on a blue stretcher while three males watch excitedly
contradiction	A skier being aid onto a red stretcher by three male , while two other males and a females prepare to assists .	A skier is standing on a blue stretcher while three man watch excitedly
contradiction	Young youths play on scaffolding .	Young masculine play on scaffolding .
contradiction	Young smaller playing on scaffolding .	Young males play on scaffolding .
contradiction	Young minor playing on scaffolding .	Young men playing on scaffolding .
contradiction	A negro females is sitting on the beach inquires an octopus .	The females is folding the laundry
contradiction	A black females is sitting on the beach examined an octopus .	The female is folding the laundry
contradiction	A black females is sitting on the beach examining an octopus .	The females is folding the laundry
contradiction	A males is riding a bicycle along a dirt trail .	The males is riding a horse .
contradiction	A male is riding a cycle along a dirt trail .	The male is riding a horse .
contradiction	A man is riding a mopeds along a filth trail .	The men is riding a horse .
contradiction	Two minor boys wearing shorts and sandals throw pebbles from a filth routes into a body of water .	The two youthful boys are playing kickball at the park .
contradiction	Two adolescent boys wearing shorts and sandals throw pebbles from a dirt paths into a bodies of water .	The two kids boys are playing kickball at the park .
contradiction	Two teen boys wearing shorts and sandals throw pebbles from a filth route into a organs of water .	The two miner boys are playing kickball at the park .
contradiction	Two mens working on the roof of an flat building with a nice quest skyline behind them .	Two male not working on the roof of an apartment building
contradiction	Two masculine working on the roof of an flat building with a nice searches skyline behind them .	Two men not working on the roof of an apartment building
contradiction	Two mens working on the roof of an flat building with a nice quest skyline behind them .	Two mens not working on the roof of an apartment building
contradiction	A males trying his hardest to climb up a rope .	The masculine climb the rope is escaping a swarm of bed bugs .
contradiction	A man trying his hardest to climbing up a rope .	The men climbing the rope is escaping a swarm of bed bugs .
contradiction	A males trying his hardest to climb up a rope .	The mens climb the rope is escaping a swarm of bed bugs .
contradiction	A females wearing a red hat and red bandanna followed by a men in a red bandanna .	The couple are wearing yellow bandanas .
contradiction	A female wearing a red hat and red bandanna followed by a male in a red bandanna .	The couple are wearing yellow bandanas .
contradiction	A females wearing a red hat and red bandanna followed by a masculine in a red bandanna .	The couple are wearing yellow bandanas .
contradiction	A kids daughters wearing a flora shirt is sitting in toilet in brown water with the remnants of a snake .	A girls is sitting on her couch colours her fingernails .
contradiction	A youth daughter wearing a vegetation shirt is sitting in bathhouse in brown water with the remnants of a snake .	A daughter is sitting on her couch colours her fingernails .
contradiction	A miners girl wearing a flora shirt is sitting in tub in brown water with the remnants of a snake .	A girl is sitting on her couch colors her fingernails .
contradiction	a green and white trolley auto with an announcement of coffee on the side and front of it in a town .	A taxi taxi with two females in the backseat discussions on their phones .
contradiction	a green and white trolley auto with an advertise of coffee on the side and front of it in a city .	A taxi taxis with two females in the backseat talking on their phones .
contradiction	a green and white trolley car with an announced of coffee on the side and front of it in a town .	A taxi cab with two women in the backseat talking on their phone .
contradiction	A kid woman with a black hat and red and negro jacket , swings on a red-orange ball attached to a blue rope .	The juveniles females removes her sportswear , `` I came in like wrecking ball ! ''
contradiction	A teenage woman with a black hat and red and black jacket , swings on a red-orange ball attach to a blue rope .	The kids female removes her clothes , `` I came in like wrecking ball ! ''
contradiction	A teenagers female with a black hat and red and negro jacket , swings on a red-orange ball attach to a blue rope .	The adolescent females removing her garments , `` I came in like wrecking ball ! ''
contradiction	A girl in a yellow dress looks at a restaurant building .	A daughters clocks Everybody Loves Raymond .
contradiction	A girls in a yellow garb looks at a restaurant building .	A daughter clocks Everybody Loves Raymond .
contradiction	A girl in a yellow attire looks at a restaurant building .	A girls clocks Everybody Loves Raymond .
contradiction	Four people walking beside each other down a street , one of the male is turned around searching towards the camera .	Four people are sleeping at home
contradiction	Four people walking beside each other down a street , one of the men is turned around searches toward the camera .	Four people are slept at home
contradiction	Four people walking beside each other down a street , one of the mens is turned around looking toward the camera .	Four people are slumber at home
contradiction	A male is squatting on the ground .	A masculine is in his bed asleep .
contradiction	A masculine is squatting on the ground .	A masculine is in his bed asleep .
contradiction	A men is squatting on the ground .	A males is in his bed asleep .
contradiction	A grouping of people gather around a truck .	A groups of people sit in the living rooms .
contradiction	A panels of people gather around a truck .	A panel of people sit in the living rooms .
contradiction	A panel of people gather around a truck .	A groups of people sit in the living room .
contradiction	A women is cut into a sandwich while sitting at an outside table .	the lady on the table is leeping
contradiction	A female is chop into a sandwich while sitting at an outer table .	the dame on the tables is leeping
contradiction	A female is cut into a sandwich while sitting at an exterior table .	the dame on the tables is leeping
contradiction	A women with a naval sweater is searching through a blue telescopes at a statue of a dinosaur .	The woman is watching television
contradiction	A woman with a oceans jumper is searching through a blue telescopes at a statue of a dinosaur .	The women is watching television
contradiction	A female with a marina sweater is searching through a blue telescope at a statue of a dinosaur .	The women is watching television
contradiction	Stretching high in the midair , the player in the black shirt reaches for the football as the other stretches toward him to stolen it away .	Two players are sitting on a couch .
contradiction	Stretching high in the planes , the player in the negro shirt reaches for the football as the other stretches towards him to stealing it away .	Two players are sitting on a couch .
contradiction	Stretching high in the airways , the player in the negro shirt reaches for the football as the other stretches toward him to stolen it away .	Two gamers are sitting on a couch .
contradiction	Two male outer of a restaurant .	Two mens are eating internal a restaurant .
contradiction	Two man outside of a restaurant .	Two man are eating interior a restaurant .
contradiction	Two man outside of a restaurant .	Two masculine are eating indoor a restaurant .
contradiction	Army mens grilling a lot of meat while his troops looks on .	No zoo products can be seen here .
contradiction	Army male grilling a batch of meat while his troops looks on .	No animal product can be seen here .
contradiction	Army masculine grilling a lot of meat while his troops looks on .	No animals products can be seen here .
contradiction	A boy splashing through the marines .	The boy is in Kansas .
contradiction	A boy splashing through the nautical .	The boy is in Kansas .
contradiction	A boy splashing through the navy .	The boy is in Kansas .
contradiction	A panels of people in an alley search at the camera .	People are on their computer
contradiction	A panel of people in an alleyway looking at the camera .	People are on their computer
contradiction	A panel of people in an alley search at the camera .	People are on their computer
contradiction	A petite white dog runs outer , their ears blown back in the wind .	The pet is taking a nap .
contradiction	A small white dog runs outside , their ears blown back in the wind .	The pet is taking a nap .
contradiction	A small white dog runs outer , their ears blown back in the wind .	The pet is taking a nap .
contradiction	A female happy approximately something .	A males is yelling at his wife .
contradiction	A woman happy approximately something .	A male is screams at his wife .
contradiction	A female happy about something .	A males is yelling at his wife .
contradiction	Two female are sitting at a tables , one is holding a baby and another adolescent is playing on the floor .	There are two female and two sleep underage .
contradiction	Two women are sitting at a table , one is holding a baby and another youths is playing on the floor .	There are two females and two slept juvenile .
contradiction	Two females are sitting at a tables , one is holding a baby and another teenager is play on the floor .	There are two women and two sleeping kid .
contradiction	A panels of youngsters cheerleaders in pink and white costumes perform on a stage .	The cheerleaders are sitting in the stands .
contradiction	A group of adolescence cheerleaders in pink and white costumes perform on a stage .	The cheerleaders are sitting in the stands .
contradiction	A grouping of minor cheerleaders in pink and white costumes perform on a stages .	The cheerleaders are sitting in the stands .
contradiction	A dog jumping for a Frisbee in the snowy .	A cat wash his face and whiskers with his front paw .
contradiction	A dog jumping for a Frisbee in the snow .	A cat washes his face and whiskers with his front paw .
contradiction	A dog jumping for a Frisbee in the snow .	A cat washing his face and whiskers with his front paw .
contradiction	A mens guitar player is vigorously singing a not to a song in a poorly lighted room .	The male is purchases a newest guitar at the store .
contradiction	A masculine guitar player is strongly sung a not to a song in a poorly lit room .	The man is buying a newest guitar at the store .
contradiction	A men guitar player is vigorously sung a not to a song in a poorly lighted rooms .	The males is purchases a newest guitar at the store .
contradiction	A mens and women ride in a mule drawn carriage as the driver dotted out landmarks .	The couple is driving
contradiction	A masculine and female ride in a mule drawn carriage as the drivers dotted out landmarks .	The couple is driving
contradiction	A men and females ride in a mule drawn carriage as the drivers dot out landmarks .	The couple is driving
contradiction	A male and female ride in a mule drawn carriage as the driver points out landmarks .	The couple is slumber .
contradiction	A men and females ride in a mule drawn carriage as the drivers dotted out landmarks .	The couple is slept .
contradiction	A masculine and female ride in a mule drawn carriage as the driver dot out landmarks .	The couple is sleeping .
contradiction	Two uniforms female , wearing jackets saying `` Politie '' on the back , are searching at each other in front of a crowd .	The crowd are composed of one persons .
contradiction	Two uniformed female , wearing blazers saying `` Politie '' on the back , are search at each other in front of a crowd .	The crowd are consisting of one person .
contradiction	Two uniform females , wearing blazers saying `` Politie '' on the back , are quest at each other in front of a crowd .	The crowd are composed of one individuals .
contradiction	A females wearing glasses and a brown beanie next to a daughter with lengthy brown hairstyle holding a book .	A females is wearing spectacles and a white beanie .
contradiction	A female wearing eyeglasses and a brown beanie next to a daughters with lengthy brown hairstyle holding a book .	A females is wearing sunglasses and a white beanie .
contradiction	A females wearing spectacles and a brown beanie next to a daughters with long brown hairstyle holding a book .	A woman is wearing eyeglasses and a white beanie .
contradiction	A males is dance in front of a bands .	The male is purchases groceries .
contradiction	A mens is dancing in front of a bands .	The mens is purchasing groceries .
contradiction	A men is dances in front of a bands .	The male is buys groceries .
contradiction	A grouping of people look at fresh lettuce in at the local street marketplace .	A panels of dogs look at fresh lettuce in at the local street markets .
contradiction	A panels of people look at fresh lettuce in at the local street market .	A grouping of dogs look at fresh lettuce in at the local street marketplace .
contradiction	A grouping of people look at fresh lettuce in at the local street markets .	A panel of dogs look at fresh lettuce in at the local street market .
contradiction	A groups of passenger pulling suitcases are making their manner down a platform .	Two couples are drinking a lemonade .
contradiction	A groups of travellers pulling suitcases are making their manner down a platform .	Two couples are drinking a lemonade .
contradiction	A panels of passengers pulling suitcases are making their manner down a platform .	Two couples are drinking a lemonade .
contradiction	A teenager females is wearing a paper crown at an outside events .	the woman is at a ski lodge
contradiction	A minors woman is wearing a paper crown at an outer event .	the women is at a skis lodge
contradiction	A miners female is wearing a paper crown at an outdoor events .	the women is at a skis lodge
contradiction	A man is spin a little girl in the air above his head .	A male is playing Monopoly with a petite daughter .
contradiction	A male is spin a small daughters in the midair above his head .	A males is playing Monopoly with a petite girl .
contradiction	A mens is spinning a petite girls in the aeroplane above his head .	A men is play Monopoly with a petite girls .
contradiction	A grouping of consumers walking through a public market to buying vegetables with the background of the busy boutique just behind them .	Group of people throwing bananas at a marketplace .
contradiction	A grouping of consumers walking through a public markets to purchasing vegetables with the background of the busy store just behind them .	Group of people throwing bananas at a market .
contradiction	A grouping of consumers walking through a public markets to buys vegetables with the background of the busy store just behind them .	Group of people throwing bananas at a marketplace .
contradiction	As a crowd looks on , a player in a white uniformed , wearing solely one colorful sock , makes a scuba catch for the frisbee .	A player falls face first
contradiction	As a crowd looks on , a player in a white uniformed , wearing solely one colorful sock , makes a dives catch for the frisbee .	A player falls face first
contradiction	As a crowd looks on , a player in a white uniforms , wearing solely one colorful sock , makes a diving catch for the frisbee .	A player falls face first
contradiction	A males on a sidewalk is play the accordion while happy people pass by .	A masculine on the pavement performs a mime act while angry people glare at him
contradiction	A male on a sidewalk is play the accordion while happy people pass by .	A masculine on the sidewalk performs a mime act while angry people glare at him
contradiction	A masculine on a sidewalk is playing the accordion while happy people pass by .	A masculine on the pavement performs a mime act while angry people glare at him
contradiction	A kid football player clocks a game with his coach .	A basketball player watches a game .
contradiction	A kids football player clocks a game with his coach .	A basketball player clocks a games .
contradiction	A youths football player clocks a game with his coaching .	A basketball player clocks a games .
contradiction	Two boys run to the entryway of an aging building .	A couple of minors are eating popsicles at a birthday parties .
contradiction	Two boys run to the entryway of an older building .	A couple of youthful are eating popsicles at a birthday parties .
contradiction	Two boys run to the entryway of an elder building .	A couple of minors are eating popsicles at a birthday party .
contradiction	The dogs are play on the bed .	Two cats play on the bed together .
contradiction	The dogs are playing on the bed .	Two cats playing on the bed together .
contradiction	The dogs are playing on the bed .	Two cats play on the bed together .
contradiction	Four adolescent sitting at a table with food on differing plates .	Kids playing outer .
contradiction	Four adolescent sitting at a table with food on assorted plaques .	Kids playing outdoor .
contradiction	Four teens sitting at a tables with food on myriad plates .	Kids play outboard .
contradiction	A female is observing images on a camera .	A women cradling a baby .
contradiction	A woman is observing photograph on a camera .	A females cradling a baby .
contradiction	A women is observing photography on a camera .	A females cradling a baby .
contradiction	A baseball player sliding into a based while a player from the other team tries to catch the ball .	A baseball player not sliding into a base
contradiction	A baseball player sliding into a based while a player from the other team tries to catch the ball .	A baseball player not sliding into a base
contradiction	A baseball player sliding into a base while a player from the other team tries to catch the ball .	A baseball player not sliding into a base
contradiction	A brown and white dog swims in a backyard swim pool .	A dog slumber on the porch .
contradiction	A brown and white dog swims in a courtyard swim pool .	A dog sleep on the porch .
contradiction	A brown and white dog swims in a courtyard swim pool .	A dog slumber on the porch .
contradiction	A mama shading her baby with an umbrella as she and her partner climbing the stairs .	Two father maneuver their baby strollers into a foyer .
contradiction	A mothers shading her baby with an umbrella as she and her partner climb the stairs .	Two father maneuver their baby strollers into a foyer .
contradiction	A momma shading her baby with an umbrella as she and her partners climb the stairs .	Two fathers maneuver their baby strollers into a foyer .
contradiction	An Asian wearing a pastel print shirt and sunhat pushing his cart up the street .	An Asian male is reading the paper .
contradiction	An Asian wearing a pastel printing shirt and sunhat pushing his cart up the street .	An Asian man is reading the paper .
contradiction	An Asian wearing a pastel prints shirt and sunhat pushing his cart up the street .	An Asian male is reading the paper .
contradiction	A men playing the guitar while smokes a cigarette .	The man is also play the drums
contradiction	A men play the guitar while smokers a cigarette .	The mens is also play the drums
contradiction	A mens playing the guitar while smoking a cigarette .	The male is also play the drums
contradiction	Two kids boys are playing with a toy train set on a woods floor .	Two daughter are play with dolls .
contradiction	Two smaller boys are playing with a toy train set on a lumber floor .	Two girls are play with dolls .
contradiction	Two adolescent boys are playing with a toy train set on a wood floor .	Two girl are play with dolls .
contradiction	A panel of persons are sitting together in a room .	The people are all driving go-carts around a track at their local families fun centre .
contradiction	A group of person are sitting together in a room .	The people are all drives go-carts around a track at their local family fun center .
contradiction	A grouping of individuals are sitting together in a rooms .	The people are all drives go-carts around a track at their local family fun centre .
contradiction	a women wearing a pink tank top holding a mug of liquid	A woman in a blue tank top holding a auto .
contradiction	a women wearing a pink tank top holding a mug of liquid	A women in a blue tank top holding a motor .
contradiction	a females wearing a pink tank top holding a mug of liquid	A females in a blue tank top holding a motor .
contradiction	A race cars , numbered 104 is rounding a bend as two people watch and take picture .	People are watching a ball games .
contradiction	A race vehicles , numbered 104 is rounding a bend as two people watch and take images .	People are watching a ball games .
contradiction	A race auto , numbered 104 is rounding a bend as two people watch and take photographs .	People are watching a ball game .
contradiction	Two girls , one wearing a pink shirt and the other wearing a blue shirt , are standing against a wall .	Two daughter playing hopscotch in an openings courts .
contradiction	Two daughter , one wearing a pink shirt and the other wearing a blue shirt , are standing against a wall .	Two daughter play hopscotch in an openings courts .
contradiction	Two daughter , one wearing a pink shirt and the other wearing a blue shirt , are standing against a wall .	Two girl play hopscotch in an openings courts .
contradiction	The dog 's mouth is openings like he is yawning .	a dog is running
contradiction	The dog 's mouth is opens like he is yawning .	a dog is running
contradiction	The dog 's mouth is opened like he is yawning .	a dog is running
contradiction	a masculine with a cap and not wearing shirt is laying a woods bench .	A bench rests on a man
contradiction	a masculine with a ceilings and not wearing shirt is laying a woods bench .	A bench rests on a man
contradiction	a masculine with a chap and not wearing shirt is laying a lumber bench .	A bench rests on a man
contradiction	A woman in a grey shirt is searches at something .	A women in a red shirt baking a cake .
contradiction	A woman in a grey shirt is searching at something .	A female in a red shirt baking a cake .
contradiction	A females in a grey shirt is searching at something .	A females in a red shirt baking a cake .
contradiction	A women plays in the wind , with a furry brown dog .	The insane cat dame is scooping the litter box .
contradiction	A females plays in the wind , with a furry brown dog .	The lunatic cat dame is scooping the litter box .
contradiction	A woman plays in the wind , with a furry brown dog .	The maniac cat lady is scooping the litter box .
contradiction	A adolescence girls with a white long-sleeved shirt on aided a adolescent boy brown long-sleeved shirt on with tying his shoelaces .	A girls chokes out a boy with shoelaces
contradiction	A adolescents daughter with a white long-sleeved shirt on help a young boy brown long-sleeved shirt on with tying his shoelaces .	A daughters chokes out a boy with shoelaces
contradiction	A miners girl with a white long-sleeved shirt on assisting a youth boy brown long-sleeved shirt on with tying his shoelaces .	A girls chokes out a boy with shoelaces
contradiction	A masculine holding daughters at top of a slide	A men with a girls on a swing .
contradiction	A men holding daughters at top of a slide	A men with a daughter on a swing .
contradiction	A mens holding daughters at top of a slide	A masculine with a daughter on a swing .
contradiction	Two daughter pass two boys by a tree in a neon illuminated street .	Some juvenile eat dinner with their families .
contradiction	Two girl pass two boys by a trees in a neon lighted street .	Some teenagers eat dinner with their families .
contradiction	Two girl pass two boys by a tree in a neon illuminated street .	Some underage eat dinner with their family .
contradiction	A panel of people in bright green vests are purchase food .	A panel of people standing around wait for a bus .
contradiction	A group of people in bright green vests are purchases food .	A grouping of people standing around waiting for a bus .
contradiction	A grouping of people in bright green vests are purchase food .	A groups of people standing around waiting for a bus .
contradiction	A dog is running parallel with the oceans waves .	The pet is eating .
contradiction	A dog is running parallel with the ocean waves .	The pet is eating .
contradiction	A dog is running parallel with the marina waves .	The pet is eating .
contradiction	A man is working on a Earthen structure with a pickaxe .	The men is in an office building .
contradiction	A masculine is working on a Earthen structure with a pickaxe .	The men is in an office building .
contradiction	A mens is working on a Earthen structure with a pickaxe .	The masculine is in an office building .
contradiction	A town street corner with two passing bicyclists and several pedestrians .	The people are indoors .
contradiction	A city street nook with two passing bicyclists and varying pedestrians .	The people are indoors .
contradiction	A city street corner with two passing bicyclists and different pedestrians .	The people are indoors .
contradiction	A woman is leaning against a wall with her footwear off .	A woman is standing in high heels , leaning against a wall .
contradiction	A females is leaning against a wall with her shoes off .	A woman is standing in high heels , leaning against a wall .
contradiction	A woman is leaning against a wall with her shoes off .	A female is standing in high heels , leaning against a wall .
contradiction	This mens is working with an I-pad .	the men has a pc
contradiction	This man is working with an I-pad .	the male has a pc
contradiction	This masculine is working with an I-pad .	the men has a pc
contradiction	This male is working with an I-pad .	the man is eating lunch
contradiction	This masculine is working with an I-pad .	the men is eating lunch
contradiction	This mens is working with an I-pad .	the mens is eating lunch
contradiction	Two dogs stand side by side in the yard .	Two dogs sitting on the porch .
contradiction	Two dogs stand side by side in the yard .	Two dogs sitting on the porch .
contradiction	Two dogs stand side by side in the yard .	Two dogs sitting on the porch .
contradiction	A masculine wearing a red shirt is swift polishing a light wood floor with a petite green towel next to a yellow can of Wood Silk .	a male sleep
contradiction	A men wearing a red shirt is quickly buffing a light timber floor with a small green towel next to a yellow can of Wood Silk .	a male sleep
contradiction	A male wearing a red shirt is rapid buffing a light wood floor with a little green towel next to a yellow can of Wood Silk .	a masculine sleep
contradiction	two small daughter dances on the floor	Two teenagers playing on the playground .
contradiction	two petite daughters dances on the floor	Two underage playing on the playground .
contradiction	two little daughter dances on the floor	Two teen playing on the playground .
contradiction	A women with brown hairstyle wearing a white shirt is standing in a doorway surrounded by baskets as a female in a red shirt passes by .	The woman is blonde .
contradiction	A woman with brown hair wearing a white shirt is standing in a doorway surrounded by baskets as a females in a red shirt passes by .	The women is blonde .
contradiction	A woman with brown hair wearing a white shirt is standing in a doorway surrounded by baskets as a females in a red shirt passes by .	The women is blonde .
contradiction	A public speaker in a whisky shirt speaks on the mics .	A males is wearing a suit .
contradiction	A public speaker in a scottish shirt speaks on the mics .	A men is wearing a suit .
contradiction	A public speaker in a whisky shirt speaks on the microphone .	A men is wearing a suit .
contradiction	Men play basketball , the guy with the ball is attempting a layup .	Men are playing basketball , the guy with the ball is shooting a free throw .
contradiction	Men playing basketball , the guy with the ball is attempting a layup .	Men are play basketball , the guy with the ball is shooting a free throw .
contradiction	Men play basketball , the guy with the ball is attempting a layup .	Men are playing basketball , the guy with the ball is shooting a free throw .
contradiction	Large brown dog walking in shallow water .	A dog is lying on the rugs .
contradiction	Large brown dog walking in shallow water .	A dog is lying on the carpet .
contradiction	Large brown dog walking in shallow water .	A dog is lurks on the carpet .
contradiction	An old mens in a grey shirt smiles at the camera while doing laundry in a small room .	The mens frowns at the camera
contradiction	An age male in a grey shirt smiles at the camera while doing laundry in a little room .	The man frowns at the camera
contradiction	An antique men in a gray shirt smiles at the camera while doing laundry in a small room .	The mens frowns at the camera
contradiction	Red-haired woman answering questions while sitting at a tables for craftzine .	The blonde lawyer refuses to remarks .
contradiction	Red-haired woman reaction questions while sitting at a table for craftzine .	The blonde avocados refused to comments .
contradiction	Red-haired woman answer questions while sitting at a tables for craftzine .	The blonde lawyers rejects to comment .
contradiction	A skateboard is grinding on a curb with his skateboard .	The skateboarding is resting .
contradiction	A skateboard is grinding on a curb with his skateboard .	The skateboarding is rest .
contradiction	A skateboard is grinding on a curb with his skateboard .	The skateboarding is resting .
contradiction	The players manuever for the soccer ball .	Bowlers are eating sandwiches .
contradiction	The players manuever for the soccer ball .	Bowlers are eating sandwiches .
contradiction	The gamers manuever for the soccer ball .	Bowlers are eating sandwiches .
contradiction	A girls in a hat has some sorted of insect on her finger .	The hat wearing daughter is petting a cat .
contradiction	A daughter in a hat has some sorted of insect on her finger .	The hat wearing girl is petting a cat .
contradiction	A daughters in a hat has some sorted of insect on her finger .	The hat wearing daughters is petting a cat .
contradiction	A group of dogs stand in the snow .	A female in neon green hails a taxis alone .
contradiction	A group of dogs stand in the snow .	A females in neon green hails a cab alone .
contradiction	A panels of dogs stand in the snowy .	A woman in neon green hails a taxis alone .
contradiction	A men wearing a headscarf and loincloth is laying and smoothing an asphalt surface near a forestry on a hot day .	The men is completely nude .
contradiction	A men wearing a headscarf and loincloth is laying and smoothing an asphalt surfaces near a forestry on a hot day .	The man is fully nude .
contradiction	A mens wearing a headscarf and loincloth is laying and smoothing an asphalt surfaces near a woodland on a hot day .	The masculine is totally bare .
contradiction	A hurried bicycler moves along a motor in a busy street on an allowed cyclist pathway .	The bikes is riding on water .
contradiction	A hurried bicycler moves along a motor in a busy street on an allowed motorbike routes .	The bicycle is riding on water .
contradiction	A hurried bicycler moves along a autos in a busy street on an allowed motorbikes pathway .	The motorcycle is riding on water .
contradiction	People in front of waterfront , 3 people are sitting down facing each other as a young boy runs and 2 people walk towards the water .	3 people are seated with their backs against each other
contradiction	People in front of waterfront , 3 people are sitting down facing each other as a adolescent boy runs and 2 people walk toward the water .	3 people are seated with their backs against each other
contradiction	People in front of waterfront , 3 people are sitting down facing each other as a miners boy runs and 2 people walk toward the water .	3 people are seated with their backs against each other
contradiction	A little miner in the medium of a debris field is kicking a soccer ball .	A youngster is paddling a motorboat .
contradiction	A petite kids in the middle of a debris field is kicking a soccer ball .	A youngster is paddle a dinghy .
contradiction	A petite minors in the media of a debris field is kicking a soccer ball .	A youngster is paddle a canoe .
contradiction	Two ancient women with a baby that has a pacifier in its mouth , the baby wears an orange and brown attire .	The baby is naked .
contradiction	Two aged females with a baby that has a pacifier in its mouth , the baby wears an orange and brown dress .	The baby is naked .
contradiction	Two aged female with a baby that has a pacifier in its mouth , the baby wears an orange and brown garb .	The baby is hairless .
contradiction	A small minor in the media of a debris field is kicking a soccer ball .	A boy is getting filthy while playing in the wreckage of a fallen building .
contradiction	A little teenage in the mid of a debris field is kicking a soccer ball .	A boy is getting filthy while playing in the wreckage of a fallen building .
contradiction	A small youth in the media of a debris field is kicking a soccer ball .	A boy is getting filthy while play in the wreckage of a fallen building .
contradiction	A petite youth in the mid of a debris field is kicking a soccer ball .	A minors is exercise among garbage .
contradiction	A petite young in the medium of a debris field is kicking a soccer ball .	A teenage is exercise among garbage .
contradiction	A small minor in the medium of a debris field is kicking a soccer ball .	A teen is exercises among garbage .
contradiction	A females in a white shirt inspecting a negro garment while sitting in a chair at a festival .	A woman drinks a beer .
contradiction	A female in a white shirt exams a negro clothing while sitting in a chairs at a festival .	A female beverages a beer .
contradiction	A female in a white shirt exams a black clothing while sitting in a chair at a festival .	A woman beverages a beer .
contradiction	A teenagers man throws a Frisbee to a frisbee-golf aim .	A man dig a hole .
contradiction	A minors males throws a Frisbee to a frisbee-golf aims .	A males digging a hole .
contradiction	A minor male throws a Frisbee to a frisbee-golf purpose .	A male excavation a hole .
contradiction	Three people are sitting at a small table near a screen with the words , `` DEMOS , The Business of Care . ''	Three humans are practicing their square-dancing moves .
contradiction	Three people are sitting at a little table near a screen with the words , `` DEMOS , The Business of Care . ''	Three humans are practise their square-dancing moves .
contradiction	Three people are sitting at a small table near a screen with the words , `` DEMOS , The Business of Care . ''	Three humans are practising their square-dancing moves .
contradiction	A panels of three mens and two woman sitting at a table that has food , drinks , and a game on it .	the people are standing at the cliff
contradiction	A panel of three males and two female sitting at a table that has food , drinks , and a game on it .	the people are standing at the cliff
contradiction	A panels of three men and two female sitting at a table that has food , drinks , and a games on it .	the people are standing at the cliff
contradiction	An ATV rides over a large sandy landscape .	The rider is in his garage
contradiction	An ATV rides over a gigantic sandy landscape .	The rider is in his garage
contradiction	An ATV rides over a jumbo sandy landscape .	The rider is in his garage
contradiction	A grouping of teenaged in costumes are on a stage with red curtains .	a panel of smaller are sitting at desks
contradiction	A panels of teenage in costumes are on a stages with red curtains .	a groups of juveniles are sitting at desks
contradiction	A groups of teenager in costumes are on a stage with red curtains .	a groups of minors are sitting at desks
contradiction	A man in a black shirt and brown trousers is jumping in the planes performing a karate kick toward a masculine in a red shirt and negro hat .	Two female dressed in oppose team color of brown and black and red and black battles in a karate matching .
contradiction	A males in a black shirt and brown panties is jumping in the airways performing a kicks kick toward a masculine in a red shirt and negro hat .	Two woman clothed in opposing team colours of brown and black and red and black struggling in a kicks match .
contradiction	A males in a black shirt and brown underpants is jumping in the aeroplane performing a kicks kick toward a male in a red shirt and black hat .	Two females attired in opposing team coloring of brown and negro and red and negro battling in a karate matches .
contradiction	A male swings his tennis racquet as the tennis ball gets closer to him .	A man is shooting a basketball at the aim .
contradiction	A man swings his tennis racquet as the tennis ball gets closer to him .	A man is shooting a basketball at the purpose .
contradiction	A mens swings his tennis racquet as the tennis ball gets closer to him .	A male is shooting a basketball at the goal .
contradiction	A cobblestone street lined with homes and some pedestrians milling around .	Elephants are smashing the cobblestone street while people are milling around .
contradiction	A cobblestone street lined with house and some pedestrians milling around .	Elephants are smashing the cobblestone street while people are milling around .
contradiction	A cobblestone street lined with dwelling and some pedestrians milling around .	Elephants are smashing the cobblestone street while people are milling around .
contradiction	Smilling and laughing baby in a walker with fire engine air movable and other toys on the floor	A masculine playing with an airline .
contradiction	Smilling and laughing baby in a walker with fire engine aviation cellular and other toys on the floor	A males playing with an airline .
contradiction	Smilling and laughing baby in a walker with fire engine aeroplane laptops and other toys on the floor	A men playing with an jets .
contradiction	Smilling and laughing baby in a walker with fire engines airplane portable and other toys on the floor	The baby 's diaper is full of saddles .
contradiction	Smilling and laugh baby in a walker with fire engine airlines mobile and other toys on the floor	The baby 's diaper is full of stools .
contradiction	Smilling and laugh baby in a walker with fire engine airplanes cellphone and other toys on the floor	The baby 's diaper is full of feces .
contradiction	Two soccer gamers attempt to take possessing of the ball , but the player in yellow falls as the player in white jumps over him .	the players are asleep
contradiction	Two soccer players attempt to take possession of the ball , but the player in yellow falls as the player in white jumps over him .	the gamers are asleep
contradiction	Two soccer gamers try to take owning of the ball , but the player in yellow falls as the player in white jumps over him .	the gamers are asleep
contradiction	Two dogs are searches through a rusty cables fences .	Two dogs are slept by the fireplace .
contradiction	Two dogs are search through a rusted cables fencing .	Two dogs are slumber by the hearth .
contradiction	Two dogs are quest through a rusty wires fences .	Two dogs are slumber by the fireplace .
contradiction	An antiquated men is blowing plane into an object .	The ancient masculine gave up blowing airline into the object
contradiction	An archaic men is blowing planes into an object .	The antiquated mens gave up blowing aviation into the object
contradiction	An old masculine is blowing plane into an object .	The archaic man gave up blowing planes into the object
contradiction	A men wearing a green apron , working at a street side vendors called NY Dosas , kilometers at the camera .	A male is sitting at a tables in a bistro .
contradiction	A masculine wearing a green apron , working at a street side salesman called NY Dosas , miles at the camera .	A males is sitting at a tables in a bistro .
contradiction	A males wearing a green apron , working at a street side dealer called NY Dosas , kilometers at the camera .	A males is sitting at a tables in a bistro .
contradiction	A boy plays basketball .	A boy is playing football .
contradiction	A boy plays basketball .	A boy is play football .
contradiction	A boy plays basketball .	A boy is play football .
contradiction	two dogs run across the wood .	The dogs laid down on the rug
contradiction	two dogs run across the timber .	The dogs laid down on the rug
contradiction	two dogs run across the wooden .	The dogs laid down on the rug
contradiction	A child tokyo couple holding an umbrella walking down a street .	A youths Asian couple are swimming in the pool .
contradiction	A youngsters japanese couple holding an umbrella walking down a street .	A miner Asian couple are swimming in the pool .
contradiction	A adolescence japanese couple holding an umbrella walking down a street .	A youths Asian couple are swim in the pool .
contradiction	Two masculine talk outdoors .	The men are watching a football game on the sofa
contradiction	Two men talk outdoors .	The man are watching a football game on the sofa
contradiction	Two man talk outdoors .	The masculine are watching a football games on the sofa
contradiction	Boy sitting quest through a glass window at a train station .	A petite boy is walking out of the train .
contradiction	Boy sitting searching through a glass window at a train station .	A small boy is walking out of the train .
contradiction	Boy sitting searches through a glass window at a train station .	A small boy is walking out of the train .
contradiction	A juvenile girls in a pink bikini jumps into the jets on a sandy beach by the nautical , as two other youth playing in the sand .	There are no youngsters present .
contradiction	A children daughter in a pink bikini jumps into the air on a sandy beach by the ocean , as two other teens playing in the sand .	There are no minor present .
contradiction	A teenagers daughters in a pink bikini jumps into the jets on a sandy beach by the nautical , as two other adolescence playing in the sand .	There are no adolescence present .
contradiction	A shirt booth with a male print a shirt .	The male is prints some slacks .
contradiction	A shirt booth with a masculine printing a shirt .	The masculine is print some trousers .
contradiction	A shirt booths with a man printing a shirt .	The male is printing some undergarments .
contradiction	A kids female is approximately to descend the stairs into a metro station .	A dame is taking a bus
contradiction	A teenaged females is approximately to descend the stairs into a subway station .	A lady is taking a bus
contradiction	A juvenile females is approximately to descend the stairs into a underpass station .	A dame is taking a bus
contradiction	Three people hiking up a mountain with a river and other mountains in the background .	A bartender taps a keg .
contradiction	Three people hiking up a mountain with a river and other mountains in the background .	A bartender taps a keg .
contradiction	Three people hiking up a mountain with a river and other mountains in the background .	A bartender taps a keg .
contradiction	Three adolescence girls in winter apparel and hats look at disposable cameras they are holding .	The temperature is a scalding 100 degree fahrenheit .
contradiction	Three teenagers girls in winter apparel and hats look at disposable cameras they are holding .	The temperature is a scalding 100 degree fahrenheit .
contradiction	Three underage daughters in winter garments and hats look at disposable cameras they are holding .	The temperature is a scalding 100 degree fahrenheit .
contradiction	Child getting prepared to go down a slide .	The juveniles is on a swing .
contradiction	Child getting ready to go down a slide .	The adolescent is on a swing .
contradiction	Child getting ready to go down a slide .	The youth is on a swing .
contradiction	A female wearing a blue and orange coat is sitting outdoor on a bench in front of a red background .	The female is wearing a purple coat .
contradiction	A women wearing a blue and orange coat is sitting outboard on a bench in front of a red background .	The females is wearing a purple coat .
contradiction	A female wearing a blue and orange coat is sitting outer on a bench in front of a red background .	The woman is wearing a purple coat .
contradiction	A crowd is standing and cheers at a football games .	A woman takes a nap .
contradiction	A crowd is standing and cheering at a football games .	A woman takes a nap .
contradiction	A crowd is standing and cheers at a football game .	A woman takes a nap .
contradiction	A Caucasian female stands with her back to the camera while finish a transaction at an ATM machine .	The woman is sitting on the back porch .
contradiction	A Caucasian female stands with her back to the camera while complete a transaction at an ATM machine .	The women is sitting on the back porch .
contradiction	A Caucasian women stands with her back to the camera while finishes a transaction at an ATM machine .	The female is sitting on the back porch .
contradiction	A dog jumping over a beam	An animal is lurks down .
contradiction	A dog jumping over a beam	An animals is lies down .
contradiction	A dog jumping over a beam	An animal is lying down .
contradiction	A paths worker is holding a halt sign to direct traffic .	A routing worker is holding a armed to direct traffic .
contradiction	A paths worker is holding a halting sign to direct traffic .	A paths worker is holding a shotguns to direct traffic .
contradiction	A road worker is holding a stop sign to direct traffic .	A path worker is holding a shotgun to direct traffic .
contradiction	One teenaged in negro is walking down a hill covered in white snow while 2 teenaged are on their knees .	The adolescent are eating PB&J sandwiches interior their kitchen .
contradiction	One youths in negro is walking down a hill cover in white snowy while 2 smaller are on their knees .	The kid are eating PB&J sandwiches inner their kitchen .
contradiction	One adolescence in negro is walking down a hill cover in white snow while 2 juveniles are on their knees .	The young are eating PB&J sandwiches inside their kitchen .
contradiction	A masculine in a red headband an shirt is standing in front of a display cases .	man is a girl
contradiction	A male in a red headband an shirt is standing in front of a display cases .	man is a girl
contradiction	A masculine in a red headband an shirt is standing in front of a display case .	man is a girl
contradiction	In this photograph it appears that a masculine is falling off a bull while attempting to ride the zoo .	the man is at home sleeping
contradiction	In this photos it appears that a men is falling off a bull while attempting to ride the zoo .	the man is at home sleeping
contradiction	In this image it appears that a males is falling off a bull while attempting to ride the zoo .	the man is at home sleeping
contradiction	A dog with a collar on lie on the street .	The dog is standing on two legs .
contradiction	A dog with a collar on lie on the street .	The dog is standing on two legs .
contradiction	A dog with a collar on lying on the street .	The dog is standing on two legs .
contradiction	A mens with a red helmet and numbers on his arm and leg is riding a red errand motorbikes .	A tall males is sitting on a swingset in a deserted park .
contradiction	A men with a red helmet and figures on his arm and leg is riding a red errand bikes .	A tall males is sitting on a swingset in a deserted park .
contradiction	A mens with a red helmet and digit on his arm and leg is riding a red race moped .	A tall male is sitting on a swingset in a deserted park .
contradiction	A persons in a green robe sits on a couch with a blanket .	A persons in a suit is eating dinner
contradiction	A persons in a green gown sits on a couch with a blanket .	A persons in a suit is eating dinner
contradiction	A person in a green robe sits on a couch with a blanket .	A persons in a suit is eating dinner
contradiction	A woman wearing eyeglasses .	A female is speaking latina .
contradiction	A females wearing spectacles .	A woman is speaking latina .
contradiction	A women wearing sunglasses .	A females is speaking latina .
contradiction	A men wearing a long brown robe is play the guitar while another persons is sitting at the drums and yet another is wearing a lengthy gray gown and sung .	The gown is black .
contradiction	A masculine wearing a long brown robe is play the guitar while another individuals is sitting at the drum and yet another is wearing a long grey gown and singing .	The gown is negro .
contradiction	A mens wearing a lengthy brown gown is play the guitar while another individuals is sitting at the drumming and yet another is wearing a long gray robe and sings .	The gown is negro .
contradiction	A male sitting on an elephant with a riding seating is discussions to a female tourist .	A males sitting on a camel .
contradiction	A man sitting on an elephant with a riding seat is talking to a women tourist .	A masculine sitting on a camel .
contradiction	A mens sitting on an elephant with a riding seats is conversation to a women tourist .	A males sitting on a camels .
contradiction	A snowboarder attired in yellow snowy pants and a helmet catches some airways on fresh powder .	A snowboarder is sleeping .
contradiction	A snowboarder clothed in yellow snowy undergarments and a helmet catches some airlines on fresh powder .	A snowboarder is sleep .
contradiction	A snowboarder attired in yellow snow slacks and a helmet catches some airlines on fresh powder .	A snowboarder is slumber .
contradiction	A females bicyclist wearing black , and having four number 9 's printed on her limbs on a bikes .	A female is riding a skateboarding .
contradiction	A females bicyclist wearing black , and having four number 9 's printed on her limbs on a motorbike .	A female is riding a skateboard .
contradiction	A woman bicyclist wearing negro , and having four number 9 's printed on her limbs on a motorbikes .	A women is riding a skateboard .
contradiction	Little girl is flipping an omelet in the kitchen .	A teen girls cook pancakes .
contradiction	Little daughters is flipping an omelet in the kitchen .	A teen girl cooking pancakes .
contradiction	Little daughters is flipping an omelet in the kitchen .	A children girl cooking pancakes .
contradiction	A girls sits at a table in front of a plate of food .	There is no food on the plate .
contradiction	A daughter sits at a tables in front of a plate of food .	There is no food on the plate .
contradiction	A girl sits at a table in front of a plate of food .	There is no food on the plate .
contradiction	A boy posing on the soccer field .	The boy is on a baseball field .
contradiction	A boy posing on the soccer field .	The boy is on a baseball field .
contradiction	A boy posing on the soccer field .	The boy is on a baseball field .
contradiction	A masculine wearing dark knee boots , a green cape , and a hat with two vast feathers on the front is sitting by itself on a bench in front of a building with a blue and white patterned piece of wheeled baggage to his right while he rests both his hands on a walking stick .	A male in a red cape and a hat with three plumes sits by itself .
contradiction	A mens wearing dark knee boots , a green cape , and a hat with two overwhelming feathers on the front is sitting by itself on a bench in front of a building with a blue and white patterned piece of wheels suitcase to his right while he rests both his hands on a walking stick .	A mens in a red cape and a hat with three feathers sits by itself .
contradiction	A male wearing dark knee boots , a green cape , and a hat with two big plumes on the front is sitting by itself on a bench in front of a building with a blue and white patterned piece of wheeled suitcase to his right while he rests both his hands on a walking stick .	A male in a red cape and a hat with three feathers sits by himself .
contradiction	A males painting a sign onto his food cart .	Everyone is in a restaurant .
contradiction	A mens paint a sign onto his food cart .	Everyone is in a restaurant .
contradiction	A man paintings a sign onto his food cart .	Everyone is in a restaurant .
contradiction	A adolescence man does tricks on his skateboarding .	Two daughter sit quietly and sharpen knives for the sad work ahead .
contradiction	A kid male does tricks on his skateboard .	Two girl sit quietly and sharpen knives for the sad work ahead .
contradiction	A smaller male does tricks on his skateboarding .	Two daughters sit quietly and sharpen knives for the sad work ahead .
contradiction	While voyage , a female in a negro jacket is rest on the shoulder of a masculine in a black jacket .	A men rests on a womans shoulder
contradiction	While travels , a woman in a black jacket is resting on the shoulder of a men in a black jacket .	A man rests on a womans shoulder
contradiction	While travels , a woman in a black jacket is rest on the shoulder of a man in a negro jacket .	A men rests on a womans shoulder
contradiction	A baseball player in the act of pick up a baseball with his hand .	A basketball player dunking the ball .
contradiction	A baseball player in the act of pick up a baseball with his hand .	A basketball player dunking the ball .
contradiction	A baseball player in the act of pick up a baseball with his hand .	A basketball player dunking the ball .
contradiction	A baseball player in the act of pick up a baseball with his hand .	A baseball player catching a baseball .
contradiction	A baseball player in the act of pick up a baseball with his hand .	A baseball player catching a baseball .
contradiction	A baseball player in the act of pick up a baseball with his hand .	A baseball player catching a baseball .
contradiction	A minors boy in suspenders .	The boy is attired in a official suit .
contradiction	A miner boy in suspenders .	The boy is attired in a formally suit .
contradiction	A teens boy in suspenders .	The boy is dressed in a official suit .
contradiction	A black and white dog jumps up and down in the snow .	A dog is warm in it 's bed .
contradiction	A black and white dog jumps up and down in the snow .	A dog is warm in it 's bed .
contradiction	A black and white dog jumps up and down in the snowy .	A dog is warming in it 's bed .
contradiction	Many people on the beach holding a very massive net .	The people are playing frosting hockey on a pond as the snowy beginning to fall .
contradiction	Many people on the beach holding a very hefty netted .	The people are play ice hockey on a pond as the snow commenced to fall .
contradiction	Many people on the beach holding a very mammoth netted .	The people are play ice hockey on a pond as the snowy launching to fall .
contradiction	A group of girls in black and white spotted skirts crossed a street .	A panel of girls are sitting on a bench .
contradiction	A group of girl in black and white spotted skirts crossing a street .	A panel of girl are sitting on a bench .
contradiction	A panels of girls in black and white spotted skirts crossing a street .	A panels of daughters are sitting on a bench .
contradiction	A teenage stuck up in a trees .	A males is sawing down a cellphones pole .
contradiction	A adolescent stuck up in a trees .	A males is sawing down a telephone poles .
contradiction	A adolescent stuck up in a trees .	A masculine is sawing down a telephones poles .
contradiction	A person wearing a blue handbags stands on a field above a scenic view .	The person is indoors .
contradiction	A persons wearing a blue purses stands on a field above a scenic view .	The individuals is indoors .
contradiction	A individuals wearing a blue satchel stands on a field above a scenic view .	The persons is indoors .
contradiction	A boy stands in the mid of a crowd of teenager .	A girl stands in the middle of a crowd of adolescent .
contradiction	A boy stands in the middle of a crowd of adolescents .	A girl stands in the middle of a crowd of teenaged .
contradiction	A boy stands in the mid of a crowd of smaller .	A girl stands in the mid of a crowd of juveniles .
contradiction	A males and his camel in the dusty desert .	the mens and his goat in the farm
contradiction	A mens and his camels in the dusty deserts .	the masculine and his goat in the farm
contradiction	A man and his camels in the dusty desert .	the mens and his goat in the farm
contradiction	A darkroom dog is standing on a fallen tree trunk with a guy in the background .	the zoo is sitting under tree
contradiction	A labs dog is standing on a fallen tree trunk with a guy in the background .	the animal is sitting under tree
contradiction	A darkroom dog is standing on a fallen tree trunk with a guy in the background .	the zoo is sitting under tree
contradiction	A laboratory dog is standing on a fallen tree trunk with a guy in the background .	there is a guy carry his pet with him near fallen tree
contradiction	A lab dog is standing on a fallen trees trunk with a guy in the background .	there is a guy carry his pet with him near fallen tree
contradiction	A labs dog is standing on a fallen trees trunk with a guy in the background .	there is a guy carrying his pet with him near fallen tree
contradiction	A man in suit wait for the green light .	A mens ran a red light .
contradiction	A man in suit waiting for the green light .	A mens ran a red light .
contradiction	A mens in suit waiting for the green light .	A males ran a red light .
contradiction	An officer in a black uniform and hat stands to the left of a overwhelming structure with other officers in the background .	An officer enjoys coffee in a shop .
contradiction	An officers in a negro uniforms and hat stands to the left of a enormous structure with other officers in the background .	An officers enjoys coffee in a shop .
contradiction	An officers in a black uniform and hat stands to the left of a overwhelming structure with other officer in the background .	An officer enjoys coffee in a shop .
contradiction	A female holding a newborns baby .	man runs fast
contradiction	A females holding a infant baby .	man runs fast
contradiction	A woman holding a newborns baby .	man runs fast
contradiction	The white dog is pulling a mammoth stick .	The dog is taking a nap at the park .
contradiction	The white dog is pulling a vast stick .	The dog is taking a nap at the park .
contradiction	The white dog is pulling a heavy stick .	The dog is taking a nap at the park .
contradiction	The petite dog is running across the lawn .	A cat is running up a tree .
contradiction	The petite dog is running across the lawn .	A cat is running up a tree .
contradiction	The small dog is running across the lawn .	A cat is running up a trees .
contradiction	A dog is pulling a red sled across the snow .	A cat is playing in the snowy .
contradiction	A dog is pulling a red sled across the snow .	A cat is playing in the snowy .
contradiction	A dog is pulling a red sled across the snowy .	A cat is playing in the snowy .
contradiction	3 people are shopping in a marketplace .	The three people are watching televisions together .
contradiction	3 people are shopping in a marketplace .	The three people are watching tv together .
contradiction	3 people are shopping in a markets .	The three people are watching television together .
contradiction	A grouping of people are walking down a busy street .	A panels of people are sitting in the bookshop .
contradiction	A panel of people are walking down a busy street .	A panels of people are sitting in the bookshelf .
contradiction	A grouping of people are walking down a busy street .	A panels of people are sitting in the librarians .
contradiction	A half clothed man is slept on the sidewalk .	a man is drinking coffee
contradiction	A half dressed males is slept on the sidewalk .	a man is drinking coffee
contradiction	A half attired males is slumber on the sidewalk .	a mens is drinking coffee
contradiction	A females rollerblader with knee and elbow pads and a helmet jumping into the airlines .	the females is eating a hot dog
contradiction	A females rollerblader with knee and elbow pads and a helmet jumping into the airline .	the women is eating a hot dog
contradiction	A female rollerblader with knee and elbow pads and a helmet jumping into the air .	the women is eating a hot dog
contradiction	A panels of adolescents males in a gym take turns score in basketball .	Guys are sitting in a meeting .
contradiction	A groups of young mens in a gym take turns score in basketball .	Guys are sitting in a meeting .
contradiction	A panel of miner man in a gym take turns scoring in basketball .	Guys are sitting in a meetings .
contradiction	A barber in a sport themed barber shop waits for his next customers to arrive .	A barber is closing his door .
contradiction	A barber in a sports themed barber shop waits for his next customer to arrive .	A barber is closing his gate .
contradiction	A barber in a athletic themed barber shop waits for his next customer to arrive .	A barber is closing his gate .
contradiction	Two females stand in a kitchen and wipe down trays	Two woman are having tea .
contradiction	Two females stand in a kitchen and wipe down trays	Two woman are having tea .
contradiction	Two woman stand in a kitchen and wipe down trays	Two women are having tea .
contradiction	The men in black is flying off the full in front of a red fencing .	A man wearing pink is next to the blue fencing .
contradiction	The masculine in negro is flying off the full in front of a red fences .	A mens wearing pink is next to the blue fence .
contradiction	The mens in black is flying off the full in front of a red fences .	A man wearing pink is next to the blue fences .
contradiction	A trees worker with a harsh hat is chop down a branch .	A ballerina is climbing a tree .
contradiction	A tree worker with a hard hat is chop down a branch .	A ballerina is climbing a trees .
contradiction	A tree worker with a difficult hat is cutting down a branch .	A ballerina is climb a trees .
contradiction	Swimming in the wide blue marine .	The oceanic swims in the blue wideness .
contradiction	Swimming in the broad blue maritime .	The marine swims in the blue wideness .
contradiction	Swimming in the wide blue navy .	The navy swims in the blue wideness .
contradiction	A bird is perched on a tree branch .	A chipmunk plays in a trees .
contradiction	A fowl is perched on a trees branch .	A chipmunk plays in a tree .
contradiction	A poultry is perched on a tree branch .	A chipmunk plays in a trees .
contradiction	A juveniles masculine sitting under a tree while others walk down the street .	A child men is playing basketball .
contradiction	A juvenile men sitting under a tree while others walk down the street .	A adolescent males is playing basketball .
contradiction	A teens males sitting under a tree while others walk down the street .	A adolescence males is play basketball .
contradiction	Three youthful in a negro dog kennel .	There are dogs in the kennel .
contradiction	Three juveniles in a negro dog kennel .	There are dogs in the kennel .
contradiction	Three young in a black dog kennel .	There are dogs in the kennel .
contradiction	A daughters with a blue shirt and a girl with a striped shirt stand next to a girls with a green shirt sitting in a chairs .	The three daughter are arm wrestling in China town .
contradiction	A girl with a blue shirt and a daughter with a striped shirt stand next to a girls with a green shirt sitting in a chairs .	The three daughters are arm wrestling in China town .
contradiction	A girl with a blue shirt and a girl with a striped shirt stand next to a daughter with a green shirt sitting in a chairs .	The three daughters are arm wrestling in China town .
contradiction	By a table with many boxes and two coffee cups on it , a female in a green jumper is opened a little box and another person -LRB- whose head can not be seen -RRB- is operating a little handheld electronic device .	Members of congress openings caring packages .
contradiction	By a tables with multiple boxes and two coffee cups on it , a women in a green sweater is openings a little box and another individuals -LRB- whose head can not be seen -RRB- is operating a little handheld electronic device .	Members of congress opening caring package .
contradiction	By a tables with differing boxes and two coffee cups on it , a women in a green sweater is opened a petite box and another individuals -LRB- whose head can not be seen -RRB- is operating a petite handheld electronic device .	Members of congress openings caring packages .
contradiction	Two people using a water buffalo to cultivating a watery field .	Two people are swimming at the gym .
contradiction	Two people using a water buffalo to cultivate a watery field .	Two people are swimming at the gym .
contradiction	Two people using a water buffalo to cultivate a watery field .	Two people are swim at the gym .
contradiction	People are conversing at a dining table under a canopy .	People are shout at a boxing matching .
contradiction	People are conversing at a dining table under a canopy .	People are shouting at a boxing matches .
contradiction	People are conversing at a dining table under a canopy .	People are scream at a boxing matching .
contradiction	Two female are laugh and smiling while they eat a meal together .	The boys had sandwiches .
contradiction	Two female are laugh and smiling while they eat a meal together .	The boys had sandwiches .
contradiction	Two woman are laughing and smiling while they eat a meal together .	The boys had sandwiches .
contradiction	A city street with market salesperson and teenager being pushed in strollers with a mammoth cathedral in the background .	The cathedral is small .
contradiction	A city street with market businessmen and teen being pushed in strollers with a large cathedral in the background .	The cathedral is small .
contradiction	A town street with markets businessmen and young being pushed in strollers with a enormous cathedral in the background .	The cathedral is little .
contradiction	A adolescence plays with her father 's boots .	A teens is playing with her mama ' shoe .
contradiction	A youths plays with her fathers 's boots .	A minor is play with her mam ' shoe .
contradiction	A adolescence plays with her father 's boots .	A miner is play with her mom ' footwear .
contradiction	The coach official and football player are discussions in front a crowd and other team members .	Nobody is talking
contradiction	The coaching formally and football player are talking in front a crowd and other team members .	Nobody is talking
contradiction	The coaching solemnly and football player are discussions in front a crowd and other team members .	Nobody is talking
contradiction	Two humans looking out in the distance from a hill .	Two people are rolling down the hill .
contradiction	Two humans quest out in the distance from a hill .	Two people are rolling down the hill .
contradiction	Two humans searches out in the distance from a hill .	Two people are rolling down the hill .
contradiction	A young daughters in a black leotard swinging on the lower wrong of a pair of parallel bars in a gym while a minors man spots her .	The youthful daughter is wearing a white leotard
contradiction	A teens girl in a negro leotard swinging on the lower wrong of a pair of parallel bars in a gym while a youthful men stains her .	The kids daughters is wearing a white leotard
contradiction	A kids girls in a negro leotard swinging on the lower wrong of a pair of parallel bars in a gym while a adolescent masculine spots her .	The teen daughters is wearing a white leotard
contradiction	A negro masculine in white shorts and a white males in black shorts boxing .	Two mens sit and enjoy lunch together .
contradiction	A black males in white shorts and a white man in black shorts boxing .	Two men sit and enjoy lunch together .
contradiction	A negro man in white shorts and a white mens in black shorts boxing .	Two man sit and enjoy lunch together .
contradiction	A man holds two juvenile in his weapon .	A masculine with his two minors running in front of him .
contradiction	A masculine holds two miners in his weapons .	A man with his two teenage running in front of him .
contradiction	A man holds two teens in his guns .	A male with his two adolescent running in front of him .
contradiction	A masculine is holding an accordion while leaning against a brown fencing that ignores some water .	A woman leans against a fence
contradiction	A mens is holding an accordion while leaning against a brown fencing that ignore some water .	A female leans against a fence
contradiction	A mens is holding an accordion while leaning against a brown fences that ignores some water .	A women leans against a fence
contradiction	Several female in headscarves are standing in a cobbled courtyard .	Several women jump in a pool and splash each other .
contradiction	Several females in headscarves are standing in a cobbled backyard .	Several women jump in a pool and splash each other .
contradiction	Several woman in headscarves are standing in a cobbled backyard .	Several females leap in a pool and splash each other .
contradiction	A adolescence boy in a hoodie climbs a red slide sitting on a red and green checkered background .	A boy is taking a bath with his rubber duck .
contradiction	A youthful boy in a hoodie climbs a red slide sitting on a red and green checkered background .	A boy is taking a bath with his rubber duck .
contradiction	A adolescence boy in a hoodie climbs a red slide sitting on a red and green checkered background .	A boy is taking a bath with his rubber duck .
contradiction	two teens youth wearing wool ceiling and mitten covering their mouths while whispering to each other .	The miners are shout aloud .
contradiction	two miners minor wearing fleece ceiling and mitten covering their mouths while whispering to each other .	The youths are yelling aloud .
contradiction	two youths juvenile wearing wool cap and mitten covering their mouths while whispering to each other .	The minor are shout aloud .
contradiction	A men in a black t-shirt and jeans in standing on the sidewalk searching at the camera as people walk by .	There is a men running through a green field .
contradiction	A mens in a negro t-shirt and jeans in standing on the pavement searching at the camera as people walk by .	There is a masculine running through a green field .
contradiction	A males in a black t-shirt and jeans in standing on the sidewalk looking at the camera as people walk by .	There is a masculine running through a green field .
contradiction	A daughters wearing black is riding a giant unicycle on the beach .	The woman is naked
contradiction	A daughter wearing black is riding a giant unicycle on the beach .	The woman is naked
contradiction	A daughter wearing black is riding a giant unicycle on the beach .	The female is naked
contradiction	A short-haired man in a dark camouflage jacket plays the saxophone on a street nook while people look on in the background .	a masculine is eating a sandwich
contradiction	A short-haired masculine in a dark camouflage jacket plays the saxophone on a street cornering while people look on in the background .	a masculine is eating a sandwich
contradiction	A short-haired masculine in a dark camouflage jacket plays the saxophone on a street corner while people look on in the background .	a male is eating a sandwich
contradiction	A hefty mens is sitting in front of a fountain statue while discussions on a telephones .	The mens is in the fountain .
contradiction	A huge men is sitting in front of a fountain statue while discussions on a telephones .	The masculine is in the fountain .
contradiction	A enormous men is sitting in front of a fountain statue while conversation on a phone .	The mens is in the fountain .
contradiction	Two woman are tending to their herd of animal including cows and goats near a building made basically of stone .	The woman are next to a monumental primary school
contradiction	Two females are tending to their flock of animals including cattle and goats near a building made primarily of stone .	The females are next to a gigantic primary school
contradiction	Two female are tending to their herd of zoo including cows and goats near a building made primarily of stone .	The woman are next to a huge elementary school
contradiction	A surfing showing off his talent in public using a man-made water machine .	A mens is cutting the grass .
contradiction	A surfer showing off his talent in public using a man-made water machine .	A male is chop the grass .
contradiction	A surfer showing off his talent in public using a man-made water machine .	A men is cut the grass .
contradiction	A Man is eating food next to a minors on a bench .	Man eating youthful .
contradiction	A Man is eating food next to a youths on a bench .	Man eating miner .
contradiction	A Man is eating food next to a youngsters on a bench .	Man eating children .
contradiction	A vast African American mens sitting on a campsite chairs .	the huge black man is running a race
contradiction	A big African American men sitting on a camping chair .	the immense negro male is running a race
contradiction	A monumental African American masculine sitting on a campground chairs .	the monumental negro male is running a race
contradiction	A panel of Asian masculine are sitting or standing around a small square tables .	Some men are eating dinner around a huge round tables .
contradiction	A panel of Asian masculine are sitting or standing around a little squares table .	Some males are eating dinner around a monumental round table .
contradiction	A groups of Asian male are sitting or standing around a little squares table .	Some masculine are eating dinner around a immense round table .
contradiction	A adolescence male wearing a white shirt with a character outlined very darkly .	A boy in a purple shirt .
contradiction	A juveniles males wearing a white shirt with a character outlined very darkly .	A boy in a purple shirt .
contradiction	A miners men wearing a white shirt with a character outlined very darkly .	A boy in a purple shirt .
contradiction	A man and a woman walk at a flea marketplace .	The men and women are at a high priced store .
contradiction	A male and a females walk at a flea markets .	The man and females are at a high priced boutique .
contradiction	A man and a females walk at a flea marketplace .	The male and females are at a high priced boutique .
contradiction	A groups of people , including one males carry a silver tripod , stand in front of a jumbo building featuring many columns .	Gerbils chat on Gruveo .
contradiction	A panel of people , including one man carry a silver tripod , stand in front of a huge building featuring diverse columns .	Gerbils chat on Gruveo .
contradiction	A groups of people , including one males carry a silver tripod , stand in front of a gigantic building featuring various columns .	Gerbils chat on Gruveo .
contradiction	A lioness closes in on its prey .	the lioness is sleeping
contradiction	A lioness closes in on its prey .	the lioness is sleeping
contradiction	A lioness closes in on its prey .	the lioness is sleeping
contradiction	A groups walking in the mid of a walkway with a green divider , and a woman is walking by herself off to the rights .	The panel is eating lunch at a little cafe .
contradiction	A groups walking in the media of a walkway with a green divider , and a woman is walking by herself off to the right .	The group is eating lunch at a little cafe .
contradiction	A panels walking in the media of a walkway with a green divider , and a women is walking by herself off to the right .	The panels is eating lunch at a petite cafe .
contradiction	Man balding with a mustache and semi beard standing wearing a psychedelic button shirt playing the guitar as he sung .	The males has no vocal cords .
contradiction	Man balding with a mustache and semi beard standing wearing a psychedelic button shirt play the guitar as he sing .	The masculine has no vocal cords .
contradiction	Man balding with a mustache and semi beard standing wearing a psychedelic button shirt playing the guitar as he sing .	The men has no vocal cords .
contradiction	Little boy peering into a glass display cases .	a girl is walking
contradiction	Little boy peering into a glass display case .	a daughter is walking
contradiction	Little boy peering into a glass display cases .	a daughters is walking
contradiction	A mens walks into a transported station and two officer in neon blazers stand guard .	The males is at a school
contradiction	A males walks into a transportation station and two officer in neon jerseys stand guarding .	The male is at a school
contradiction	A man walks into a transported station and two officers in neon jerseys stand guards .	The males is at a school
contradiction	Children play in the sand surrounded by a sand structure with a batch of window like opened .	The teenagers are playing in an entertainment park .
contradiction	Children play in the sand surrounded by a sand structure with a lot of window like openings .	The underage are playing in an entertainment park .
contradiction	Children play in the sand surrounded by a sand structure with a batch of window like opened .	The children are play in an entertainment park .
contradiction	Four little minors playing in the courtyard of a heavy building made out of clay or sand .	For small children are play in the sand on a deserted beach .
contradiction	Four little teens playing in the backyard of a heavy building made out of clay or sand .	For small smaller are play in the sand on a deserted beach .
contradiction	Four little adolescents play in the backyard of a big building made out of clay or sand .	For little minor are play in the sand on a deserted beach .
contradiction	A women gymnast in black and red being coached on bar dexterity .	The females gymnast is on her way to the gym .
contradiction	A women gymnast in black and red being coached on bar ability .	The woman gymnast is on her way to the gym .
contradiction	A woman gymnast in black and red being coached on bar skills .	The women gymnast is on her manner to the gym .
contradiction	A black and brown dog is jumping on blocks of concrete in the water .	The dog is sleep .
contradiction	A black and brown dog is jumping on blocks of concrete in the water .	The dog is slumber .
contradiction	A black and brown dog is jumping on blocks of concrete in the water .	The dog is sleep .
contradiction	A men squatting in a park searching at something in the distance .	A man is swimming in the ocean .
contradiction	A masculine squatting in a park searching at something in the distance .	A men is swim in the marina .
contradiction	A masculine squatting in a park searching at something in the distance .	A masculine is swim in the maritime .
contradiction	A snowboarder with a maroon coat sails through the aeroplane .	The snowboarder is bare .
contradiction	A snowboarder with a maroon coat sails through the aerial .	The snowboarder is bare .
contradiction	A snowboarder with a maroon coat sails through the aircraft .	The snowboarder is hairless .
contradiction	A male is in front of a dryer in a laundromat with both hands reaching into a bin or basket .	A female reaches into a basket at a store
contradiction	A males is in front of a dryer in a laundromat with both hands reaching into a ben or basket .	A women reaches into a basket at a store
contradiction	A mens is in front of a dryer in a laundromat with both hands reaching into a bin or basket .	A woman reaches into a basket at a store
contradiction	A daughter play a violin along with a group of people	A daughter is wash a burdens of laundry .
contradiction	A girls playing a violin along with a panels of people	A girls is wash a burdened of laundry .
contradiction	A daughter playing a violin along with a panels of people	A daughter is wash a load of laundry .
contradiction	there 's a female in a pink and grey striped outfit standing with five kid , three of which are making faces .	the dog is eating dinner
contradiction	there 's a female in a pink and grey striped outfit standing with five young , three of which are making faces .	the dog is eating dinner
contradiction	there 's a woman in a pink and grey striped outfit standing with fifth youths , three of which are making faces .	the dog is eating dinner
contradiction	An emergency worker directs a masculine pulling a sled with emergency equipment on a snow road .	An emergency worker is at the beach .
contradiction	An emergency worker directs a male pulling a sled with emergency equipment on a snow routes .	An emergency worker is at the beach .
contradiction	An emergency worker directs a men pulling a sled with emergency equipment on a snowy path .	An emergency worker is at the beach .
contradiction	The young girl is swinging on a swing , and her hairdo is flying out behind her .	A daughters is slumber in bed .
contradiction	The juveniles girl is swinging on a swing , and her hair is flying out behind her .	A daughter is sleep in bed .
contradiction	The youths daughter is swinging on a swing , and her hairdo is flying out behind her .	A daughter is sleep in bed .
contradiction	A females in a white hijab excavation into the ground .	the pig eat dogs
contradiction	A females in a white hijab excavation into the ground .	the pigs eat dogs
contradiction	A women in a white hijab excavation into the ground .	the hogs eat dogs
contradiction	A males dressed in a red shirt and black tie stands up at a marries reception to make a speech .	a men sits shyly near a bride
contradiction	A males clothed in a red shirt and black tie stands up at a marrying reception to make a speech .	a male sits shyly near a bride
contradiction	A men attired in a red shirt and negro tie stands up at a matrimony reception to make a speech .	a male sits shyly near a bride
contradiction	A females in black walks down the street in front of a graffited wall .	A kid females is standing and staring at a paint mural .
contradiction	A females in black walks down the street in front of a graffited wall .	A teenager women is standing and staring at a paint mural .
contradiction	A woman in negro walks down the street in front of a graffited wall .	A miners woman is standing and staring at a paintings mural .
contradiction	A men with a half mask over his face is holding a toy helicopter in his left hand and a controller in is his right hand .	The man has nothing on his face .
contradiction	A men with a half mask over his face is holding a toy helicopter in his left hand and a controller in is his rights hand .	The men has nothing on his face .
contradiction	A mens with a half mask over his face is holding a toy helicopters in his left hand and a controllers in is his rights hand .	The men has nothing on his face .
contradiction	A females wearing a black dress and green sweater is walking down the street searches at her notepad .	A females has her cell telephone up to her ear .
contradiction	A women wearing a negro garb and green jumper is walking down the street looking at her notepad .	A woman has her cell phone up to her ear .
contradiction	A females wearing a black garb and green sweater is walking down the street search at her movable .	A women has her cell cellphones up to her ear .
contradiction	A individuals attempts to rope a negro cow while riding a equestrian .	The person is on a camel .
contradiction	A persons attempts to rope a negro cow while riding a horse .	The person is on a camels .
contradiction	A person attempts to rope a negro cow while riding a horse .	The individuals is on a camel .
contradiction	A panels of people watching a boy getting interviewed by a males .	A group of people are slept on Pluto .
contradiction	A grouping of people watching a boy getting interviewed by a masculine .	A groups of people are slept on Pluto .
contradiction	A grouping of people watching a boy getting interviewed by a men .	A panels of people are sleep on Pluto .
contradiction	A males interviews a boy in a gathering of people .	A mens slaps a small boy in front of a gather of people .
contradiction	A male interviews a boy in a gathering of people .	A man slaps a little boy in front of a gather of people .
contradiction	A man interviews a boy in a gathering of people .	A masculine slaps a little boy in front of a gather of people .
contradiction	Two ladies one with her fingers in her pocket and the other with a drink in her hand at a parties .	Birds are migrating to a new placing .
contradiction	Two ladies one with her fingers in her pocket and the other with a drink in her hand at a party .	Birds are migrating to a newer place .
contradiction	Two ladies one with her fingers in her pocket and the other with a drank in her hand at a party .	Birds are migrating to a new placing .
contradiction	A dame holding one dog while another dog is play in the yard .	The lady has the two dogs inland .
contradiction	A dame holding one dog while another dog is play in the yard .	The dame has the two dogs internal .
contradiction	A lady holding one dog while another dog is play in the yard .	The dame has the two dogs interior .
contradiction	A kids being watched while getting something out of a tank .	The tank is getting something out of the teenager .
contradiction	A smaller being watched while getting something out of a tank .	The tank is getting something out of the young .
contradiction	A teenager being watched while getting something out of a tank .	The tank is getting something out of the adolescent .
contradiction	A youth girls manhunt a duck with bread in her hands .	A child daughter pursues a dragons with bread in her hands .
contradiction	A miners girls chases a duck with bread in her hands .	A children girls hunted a lung with bread in her hands .
contradiction	A adolescents girl hunted a duck with bread in her hands .	A teenage daughters hunted a dragons with bread in her hands .
contradiction	A smiling girl slides down a purple slide feet first .	A frowning boy is play soccer .
contradiction	A smiling girl slides down a purple slide foot first .	A frowning boy is playing soccer .
contradiction	A smiling daughter slides down a purple slide foot first .	A frowning boy is playing soccer .
contradiction	A boy clocks a women walking amidst many concrete boxes .	A woman is auditing out the man .
contradiction	A boy clocks a females walking amidst assorted concrete boxes .	A females is checks out the masculine .
contradiction	A boy clocks a females walking amidst various concrete boxes .	A woman is checking out the man .
contradiction	A closeup of an antiquated men with spectacles speaking .	The women is doing a speeches .
contradiction	A closeup of an senior masculine with spectacles speaking .	The females is doing a speeches .
contradiction	A closeup of an aging man with eyeglasses speaking .	The woman is doing a speech .
contradiction	An African-American mens kids is riding a green biking while other people are quest at photographing on a board .	A boy is walking on a pavement in his neighborhood .
contradiction	An African-American man underage is riding a green cyclist while other people are looking at images on a board .	A boy is walking on a sidewalk in his neighborhood .
contradiction	An African-American male miners is riding a green moped while other people are search at photographic on a board .	A boy is walking on a sidewalk in his neighborhood .
contradiction	A skier is heading into a grove of trees .	The persons in the photographs is riding a mopeds slows up hill , pumps the pedals as arduous as they can .
contradiction	A skier is header into a grove of trees .	The persons in the photo is riding a motorbikes slow up hill , pumps the pedals as tough as they can .
contradiction	A skier is heading into a grove of trees .	The persons in the photography is riding a motorbike slows up hill , pumped the pedals as tricky as they can .
contradiction	A golden dog boundary across the snow-covered hill .	A golden motors boundaries across the snow-covered highway .
contradiction	A golden dog bounds across the snow-covered hill .	A golden vehicles boundary across the snow-covered highway .
contradiction	A golden dog bounds across the snow-covered hill .	A golden automobiles frontier across the snow-covered highway .
contradiction	A masculine wearing a white shirt and blue jeans as well as a mask over his mouth stokes a fire .	A guy in cloth underpants and shirt is wearing something on his face to protected hist lung puts out a fire .
contradiction	A male wearing a white shirt and blue jeans as well as a mask over his mouth stokes a fire .	A guy in cloth breeches and shirt is wearing something on his face to protecting hist dragon puts out a fire .
contradiction	A men wearing a white shirt and blue jeans as well as a mask over his mouth stokes a fire .	A guy in cloth breeches and shirt is wearing something on his face to defensive hist dragons puts out a fire .
contradiction	A skateboarder with a black and white hat at the top of a jump on a snow day .	A skateboarded is jog down the street .
contradiction	A skateboarder with a black and white hat at the top of a jump on a snow day .	A skateboarded is jog down the street .
contradiction	A skateboarder with a black and white hat at the top of a leap on a snowy day .	A skateboarded is jog down the street .
contradiction	People landscaping and gardening the area around the walkway .	People are planting in their dwelling .
contradiction	People landscaping and gardening the sphere around the walkway .	People are planting in their housing .
contradiction	People landscaping and gardening the area around the walkway .	People are planting in their houses .
contradiction	two male playing basketball .	Two friends are eating lunch
contradiction	two men play basketball .	Two friends are eating lunch
contradiction	two masculine play basketball .	Two friends are eating lunch
contradiction	women 's soccer team competing on the field .	The females are play soccer on Mars .
contradiction	females 's soccer team compete on the field .	The females are play soccer on Mars .
contradiction	woman 's soccer team competing on the field .	The woman are play soccer on Mars .
contradiction	Kids playing in the water in the media of the street .	Kids are running from zombies .
contradiction	Kids play in the water in the medium of the street .	Kids are running from zombies .
contradiction	Kids playing in the water in the medium of the street .	Kids are running from zombies .
contradiction	A women wearing a purple with black polka-dot hoodie is resting on a bench in the sunshine .	A males takes a nap outside
contradiction	A women wearing a purple with negro polka-dot hoodie is resting on a bench in the sunshine .	A men takes a nap outside
contradiction	A woman wearing a purple with black polka-dot hoodie is resting on a bench in the sunshine .	A man takes a nap outside
contradiction	A masculine wearing negro pants , an orange and brown striped shirt , and a black bandanna in a `` just thrown a snooker ball '' position .	The males is wearing white breeches .
contradiction	A mens wearing negro pants , an orange and brown striped shirt , and a black bandanna in a `` just thrown a snooker ball '' stance .	The men is wearing white panties .
contradiction	A male wearing black slacks , an orange and brown striped shirt , and a black bandanna in a `` just thrown a snooker ball '' position .	The mens is wearing white trousers .
contradiction	A mens wearing black slacks , an orange and brown striped shirt , and a black bandanna in a `` just thrown a snooker ball '' stance .	The bandana is expensive .
contradiction	A man wearing black breeches , an orange and brown striped shirt , and a black bandanna in a `` just thrown a bowling ball '' position .	The bandana is expensive .
contradiction	A mens wearing black trousers , an orange and brown striped shirt , and a negro bandanna in a `` just thrown a snooker ball '' stance .	The bandana is expensive .
contradiction	a mens walks on the colder pavement .	The men is sitting down .
contradiction	a males walks on the frigid sidewalk .	The masculine is sitting down .
contradiction	a males walks on the icy pavement .	The men is sitting down .
contradiction	A panel of people wait to crossed the street in newest york	People waiting in line at an entertainment park .
contradiction	A panels of people waiting to crossing the street in new york	People wait in line at an amusement park .
contradiction	A grouping of people waiting to cross the street in new york	People wait in line at an entertainment park .
contradiction	Two boys , surrounded by paper pieces , hold a third boys shirt to prevent him from grabbing a handbags .	The zombies are busy play with paper rucksack .
contradiction	Two boys , surrounded by paper pieces , hold a thirds boys shirt to preventing him from grabbing a pockets .	The zombies are busy playing with paper purse .
contradiction	Two boys , surrounded by paper pieces , hold a third boys shirt to prevent him from grabbing a knapsack .	The zombies are busy play with paper bag .
contradiction	A bearded men sits near a white van .	A masculine sitting internal a red truck .
contradiction	A bearded man sits near a white van .	A mens sitting indoor a red truck .
contradiction	A bearded mens sits near a white van .	A man sitting interior a red truck .
contradiction	The football player prepares to kick the ball .	The quarterback is throwing the football .
contradiction	The football player prepares to kick the ball .	The quarterback is throwing the football .
contradiction	The football player prepares to kick the ball .	The quarterback is throwing the football .
contradiction	A mens wearing a negro hat and coat makes a face with a crowd behind him .	A men is taking a shower .
contradiction	A males wearing a negro hat and coat makes a face with a crowd behind him .	A man is taking a shower .
contradiction	A man wearing a negro hat and coat makes a face with a crowd behind him .	A masculine is taking a shower .
contradiction	A male in red shows is snooker with a red ball at a billiard lane with Tecate announced .	The mens is at home watching TV .
contradiction	A males in red shows is bowling with a red ball at a snooker lanes with Tecate advertisement .	The male is at home watching TV .
contradiction	A men in red shows is billiard with a red ball at a bowling lanes with Tecate advertises .	The males is at home watching TV .
contradiction	A little girl standing in the mid of a street cleared for an oncoming parade .	There is a boy collected candy from a masculine in a clown costume .
contradiction	A little daughters standing in the mid of a street cleared for an oncoming parade .	There is a boy collected candy from a males in a clown costume .
contradiction	A petite girl standing in the middle of a street cleared for an oncoming parade .	There is a boy collection candy from a male in a clown costume .
contradiction	A men stands by two face structures on Easter Island .	A kids hunt for easter egg .
contradiction	A men stands by two face structures on Easter Island .	A youngsters hunted for easter eggs .
contradiction	A masculine stands by two face structures on Easter Island .	A teenager hunting for easter eggs .
contradiction	A males in a dark jacket stands next to a mens clothed in brown reaching down into a backpack .	The men are wearing blue standardized and wrestling in a contest .
contradiction	A men in a dark jacket stands next to a males clothed in brown reaching down into a satchel .	The men are wearing blue uniforms and wrestling in a rivalry .
contradiction	A male in a dark jacket stands next to a mens attired in brown reaching down into a wallets .	The males are wearing blue uniforms and wrestling in a competition .
contradiction	Girl wearing white shirt sing on stage while playing guitar	A mens playing the delta .
contradiction	Girl wearing white shirt sing on stage while play guitar	A man play the triangle .
contradiction	Girl wearing white shirt singing on stage while play guitar	A male playing the triangle .
contradiction	A bearded men wearing a blue shirt and white t-shirt is working on a fishing netted .	Someone is fixing a lawnmower .
contradiction	A bearded masculine wearing a blue shirt and white t-shirt is working on a fishing net .	Someone is fixing a lawnmower .
contradiction	A bearded male wearing a blue shirt and white t-shirt is working on a fishing netted .	Someone is fixing a lawnmower .
contradiction	A man is smiling at a females in a white frock .	The masculine is on the moon .
contradiction	A men is smiling at a female in a white attire .	The masculine is on the moon .
contradiction	A male is smiling at a woman in a white attire .	The male is on the moon .
contradiction	An needy person , wearing a torn brown shirt and no footwear , is kneeling down along the banks of a rubbish infested bodies of water .	An individual is playing guitar on the streets .
contradiction	An needy persons , wearing a torn brown shirt and no shoe , is kneeling down along the banks of a rubbish infested organs of water .	An individual is play guitar on the streets .
contradiction	An impoverished persons , wearing a torn brown shirt and no shoe , is kneeling down along the banks of a rubbish infested organ of water .	An individual is playing guitar on the streets .
contradiction	The age female smiles as she holds up a hammer .	A masculine is kicking some rocks .
contradiction	The elders women smiles as she holds up a hammer .	A male is kicking some rocks .
contradiction	The outdated female smiles as she holds up a hammer .	A males is kicking some rocks .
contradiction	A females poses with spectacles shaped like dollar signs and a silver baggage etiquette `` LUCKY '' full of bill .	A female is wearing black sunglasses and holding a negro baggage .
contradiction	A women poses with goggles shaped like dollar signs and a silver baggage label `` LUCKY '' full of bills .	A female is wearing negro goggles and holding a negro luggage .
contradiction	A women poses with eyeglasses shaped like dollar signs and a silver baggage tagged `` LUCKY '' full of bills .	A woman is wearing black eyeglasses and holding a black baggage .
contradiction	A female with a red scarf , white shirt , and tan shorts is giving a shushing sign to the camera in front of shelves of ledger .	the female is asleep at home
contradiction	A woman with a red scarf , white shirt , and tan shorts is giving a shushing sign to the camera in front of shelves of books .	the females is asleep at home
contradiction	A women with a red scarf , white shirt , and tan shorts is giving a shushing sign to the camera in front of shelves of ledger .	the females is asleep at home
contradiction	A females in a black coat eats dinner while her dog looks on .	A women is wearing a blue coat
contradiction	A women in a negro coat eats dinner while her dog looks on .	A female is wearing a blue coat
contradiction	A female in a black coat eats dinner while her dog looks on .	A woman is wearing a blue coat
contradiction	Three youth in a forestry standing on a tree recording .	Children chopping down tree in wood .
contradiction	Three young in a forester standing on a trees registered .	Children chopping down tree in wooden .
contradiction	Three teenager in a forest standing on a trees registers .	Children chopping down tree in woods .
contradiction	a male in a red shirt is laying on the grass reaching out to another person .	The men is sunbathing and does n't have on anything but his swimming trunks .
contradiction	a man in a red shirt is laying on the grass reaching out to another person .	The man is sunbathing and does n't have on anything but his swim trunks .
contradiction	a mens in a red shirt is laying on the grass reaching out to another persons .	The man is sunbathing and does n't have on anything but his swimming trunks .
contradiction	A man with goggles sitting at a restaurant staring at something that is not shown .	a male sits at home waiting for his dinner
contradiction	A mens with goggles sitting at a restaurant staring at something that is not shown .	a mens sits at home wait for his dinner
contradiction	A man with eyeglasses sitting at a restaurant staring at something that is not shown .	a mens sits at home wait for his dinner
contradiction	Cheerleaders in blue performing on a football field underneath a yellow football aims post .	The San Francisco 49ers cheerleaders perform in a dark cellar .
contradiction	Cheerleaders in blue performing on a football field underneath a yellow football intent post .	The San Francisco 49ers cheerleaders perform in a dark basement .
contradiction	Cheerleaders in blue performing on a football field underneath a yellow football targets post .	The San Francisco 49ers cheerleaders perform in a dark basement .
contradiction	A males sits write at a tables set up on a pavement .	A female stands on a street corner .
contradiction	A masculine sits writing at a tables set up on a pavement .	A woman stands on a street nook .
contradiction	A male sits writing at a tables set up on a pavement .	A females stands on a street nook .
contradiction	A group of people look to the side and a boy begun to run .	The daughters was running .
contradiction	A panel of people look to the side and a boy launch to run .	The daughters was running .
contradiction	A group of people look to the side and a boy commence to run .	The girls was running .
contradiction	A men and a female embracing on the sidewalk .	Two women embrace on the pavement .
contradiction	A men and a females embracing on the sidewalk .	Two female embrace on the pavement .
contradiction	A males and a female embracing on the pavement .	Two woman embrace on the sidewalk .
contradiction	A girls in a blue leotard hula hoops on a stages with balloon shapes in the background .	A daughter is on a bus going to get her groceries
contradiction	A girls in a blue leotard hula hoops on a stage with balloon shapes in the background .	A daughters is on a bus going to get her groceries
contradiction	A girls in a blue leotard hula hoops on a stages with balloon shapes in the background .	A girl is on a bus going to get her groceries
contradiction	A mens in an army uniformed speaks into a mics .	A females solider speaks into the mics .
contradiction	A man in an army uniform speaks into a mics .	A females military speaks into the mics .
contradiction	A men in an army uniformed speaks into a microphone .	A females solider speaks into the microphone .
contradiction	Workers are scattered among the scaffolding on an outdated building .	Some workers are dig at a construction site .
contradiction	Workers are scattered among the scaffolding on an elderly building .	Some workers are dig at a construction site .
contradiction	Workers are scattered among the scaffolding on an age building .	Some workers are dig at a construction site .
contradiction	A couple sits in the grass .	A couple is at a restaurant .
contradiction	A couple sits in the grass .	A couple is at a restaurant .
contradiction	A couple sits in the grass .	A couple is at a restaurant .
contradiction	A woman is petting a dog exterior .	A woman is sitting at the vet 's office with her dog .
contradiction	A female is petting a dog outer .	A female is sitting at the vet 's office with her dog .
contradiction	A woman is petting a dog exterior .	A woman is sitting at the vet 's office with her dog .
contradiction	two males 's in a kicks class , one who is in the airplanes with a blue and orange belt and one who is roughly to get kicked in the face .	two people do leap kicks
contradiction	two men 's in a kicks class , one who is in the aerial with a blue and orange belt and one who is roughly to get kicked in the face .	two people do jump kicks
contradiction	two mens 's in a karate class , one who is in the airliner with a blue and orange belt and one who is approximately to get kicked in the face .	two people do jump kicks
contradiction	two masculine 's in a kicks class , one who is in the air with a blue and orange belt and one who is approximately to get kicked in the face .	a males sleeps in a chair
contradiction	two masculine 's in a kicks class , one who is in the airlines with a blue and orange belt and one who is about to get kicked in the face .	a mens sleeps in a chair
contradiction	two men 's in a karate class , one who is in the midair with a blue and orange belt and one who is about to get kicked in the face .	a man sleeps in a chair
contradiction	Two males in karate gear using battling sticks .	two males fist battling in the street
contradiction	Two man in kicks gear using battles sticks .	two mens fist battles in the street
contradiction	Two men in kicks gear using struggles sticks .	two male fist fights in the street
contradiction	Three women are smiling and making cupcakes .	Three women go to the spa .
contradiction	Three women are smiling and making cupcakes .	Three females go to the spa .
contradiction	Three woman are smiling and making cupcakes .	Three female go to the spa .
contradiction	Four dark-skinned boys are play soccer .	The boy is eating a sandwich on the moon .
contradiction	Four dark-skinned boys are playing soccer .	The boy is eating a sandwich on the moon .
contradiction	Four dark-skinned boys are play soccer .	The boy is eating a sandwich on the moon .
contradiction	A white duck is spread its wings while sitting on the water .	The duck maintained it 's wings intact when it dived under the water to catch some fishes .
contradiction	A white duck is spread its wings while sitting on the water .	The duck maintained it 's wings intact when it dived under the water to catch some fishes .
contradiction	A white duck is spread its wings while sitting on the water .	The duck kept it 's wings intact when it dived under the water to catch some fish .
contradiction	A little boy is getting is birthday cake and is blowing out the candles .	A girls at school getting a ruler .
contradiction	A petite boy is getting is birthday cake and is blowing out the candles .	A daughters at school getting a ruler .
contradiction	A little boy is getting is birthday cake and is blowing out the candles .	A girl at school getting a ruler .
contradiction	A grouping of daughter jumping over another girl who is laying on the floor .	A gorup of girls is laying down .
contradiction	A panels of daughter jumping over another girl who is laying on the floor .	A gorup of daughter is laying down .
contradiction	A group of daughters jumping over another girl who is laying on the floor .	A gorup of girl is laying down .
contradiction	Man on motorbike with female standing on rear of back with shotgun around his neck .	The two people are swim .
contradiction	Man on bike with women standing on rear of back with firearm around his neck .	The two people are swim .
contradiction	Man on motorbikes with women standing on rear of back with gunpoint around his neck .	The two people are swim .
contradiction	A woman in a teal apron prepares a meal at a restaurant .	A females is walking in park
contradiction	A females in a teal apron prepares a meal at a restaurant .	A female is walking in park
contradiction	A females in a teal apron prepares a meal at a restaurant .	A females is walking in park
contradiction	Two man in orange uniform stand avant a train and do some work .	Nobody is working
contradiction	Two male in orange uniform stand prior a train and do some work .	Nobody is working
contradiction	Two masculine in orange uniforms stand prior a train and do some work .	Nobody is working
contradiction	Men in difficult hats work along a wall .	Guys are jumping in the pool .
contradiction	Men in arduous hats work along a wall .	Guys are jumping in the pool .
contradiction	Men in tough hats work along a wall .	Guys are jumping in the pool .
contradiction	A aged males in a hat is play a accordion on the street while sitting in a chair .	A men is playing guitar .
contradiction	A elders mens in a hat is playing a accordion on the street while sitting in a chairs .	A man is play guitar .
contradiction	A elder male in a hat is playing a accordion on the street while sitting in a chair .	A males is playing guitar .
contradiction	Family members standing outside a home .	Strangers are standing indoors .
contradiction	Family member standing outboard a home .	Strangers are standing indoors .
contradiction	Family members standing outboard a home .	Strangers are standing indoors .
contradiction	Two gondola operators sit along a routes in Italy .	The gondola operators are in the water , pushing their ship .
contradiction	Two gondola operators sit along a paths in Italy .	The gondola operators are in the water , pushing their ships .
contradiction	Two gondola operators sit along a routing in Italy .	The gondola operators are in the water , pushing their explore .
contradiction	A boy drags his sled through the snowy .	a boy drags his dog
contradiction	A boy drags his sled through the snow .	a boy drags his dog
contradiction	A boy drags his sled through the snowy .	a boy drags his dog
contradiction	A masculine wearing eyeglasses and a ragged costume is playing a Jaguar electrical guitar and sings with the accompaniment of a drummer .	Two man are playing frisbee in the park .
contradiction	A men wearing sunglasses and a ragged costume is play a Jaguar electric guitar and sings with the accompaniment of a drummer .	Two male are playing frisbee in the park .
contradiction	A men wearing spectacles and a ragged costume is playing a Jaguar electrified guitar and sings with the accompaniment of a drummer .	Two males are playing frisbee in the park .
contradiction	A woman dancer wearing all white dances while a picture wearing all white takes her photos .	Some gamers are play grasshopper in ground
contradiction	A females dancer wearing all white dances while a images wearing all white takes her images .	Some gamers are playing cricket in ground
contradiction	A females dancer wearing all white dance while a photographic wearing all white takes her photographs .	Some gamers are play cricket in ground
contradiction	The farmers are out working strenuous on there tractor , they have on their overalls and the machine is almost stationary .	People wearing shorts are standing around doing nothing .
contradiction	The farmers are out working tricky on there tractor , they have on their overalls and the machine is almost fixed .	People wearing shorts are standing around doing nothing .
contradiction	The farmers are out working hard on there tractor , they have on their overalls and the machine is almost fixed .	People wearing shorts are standing around doing nothing .
contradiction	Two female are observing something together .	Two women are standing with their eyes closed .
contradiction	Two woman are observing something together .	Two woman are standing with their eyes closed .
contradiction	Two females are observing something together .	Two woman are standing with their eyes closed .
contradiction	A males in a black leather jacket and a book in his hand speaks in a classroom .	A men is flying a kite .
contradiction	A man in a negro leather jacket and a book in his hand speaks in a classroom .	A masculine is flying a kite .
contradiction	A male in a black leather jacket and a book in his hand speaks in a classroom .	A men is flying a kite .
contradiction	Two masculine working on farm equipment that is being pulled by two horses .	The equipment is being pulled by sheep .
contradiction	Two man working on farm equipment that is being pulled by two horses .	The equipment is being pulled by sheep .
contradiction	Two males working on farm equipment that is being pulled by two horses .	The equipment is being pulled by sheep .
contradiction	A Skier ski-jumping while two other skiers watch his act .	A skier down the paths skiying
contradiction	A Skier ski-jumping while two other skiers watch his act .	A skier down the route skiying
contradiction	A Skier ski-jumping while two other skiers watch his act .	A skier down the routing skiying
contradiction	Three teens boys enjoying a day at the beach .	The boys are sleeping .
contradiction	Three miners boys enjoying a day at the beach .	The boys are sleep .
contradiction	Three young boys enjoying a day at the beach .	The boys are sleep .
contradiction	Three adolescent hold a boy 's firearms down while another boy in a hat shoots a water weapons at him .	The boy holds down his laugh nephew as his sister sprinkler him with water .
contradiction	Three underage hold a boy 's firearm down while another boy in a hat shoots a water pistols at him .	The boy holds down his laugh nephew as his sister sprinkler him with water .
contradiction	Three miners hold a boy 's weapons down while another boy in a hat shoots a water armed at him .	The boy holds down his laugh nephew as his sister spraying him with water .
contradiction	Three youthful hold a boy 's arms down while another boy in a hat shoots a water gun at him .	The three girl hold the boy down while his girlfriend shoots water at him .
contradiction	Three adolescents hold a boy 's rifles down while another boy in a hat shoots a water pistol at him .	The three girl hold the boy down while his girlfriend shoots water at him .
contradiction	Three kids hold a boy 's firearms down while another boy in a hat shoots a water handgun at him .	The three daughters hold the boy down while his girlfriend shoots water at him .
contradiction	A dog runs .	The dog is walking
contradiction	A dog runs .	The dog is walking
contradiction	A dog runs .	The dog is walking
entailment	A woman within an orchestra is playing a violin .	A women is play the violin .
entailment	A females within an orchestra is playing a violin .	A females is playing the violin .
entailment	A females within an orchestra is play a violin .	A women is playing the violin .
entailment	A brown and black dog runs on the grass outdoors in front of a pavement .	A canine is using his legs .
entailment	A brown and negro dog runs on the grass outdoors in front of a pavement .	A canine is using his legs .
entailment	A brown and black dog runs on the grass outdoors in front of a pavement .	A canine is using his legs .
entailment	A black mommy in an orange garb with her two little boys and husband at an outboard markets stand .	People at an outboard market
entailment	A black mam in an orange garb with her two little boys and husband at an exterior market stand .	People at an outer market
entailment	A negro ma in an orange frock with her two petite boys and husband at an outside market stand .	People at an exterior market
entailment	A mens walking and carry a laptop .	The men has something in his hand .
entailment	A men walking and carrying a portable .	The mens has something in his hand .
entailment	A mens walking and carry a notebook .	The man has something in his hand .
entailment	A masculine in an overcoat putting on his gloves at a underground station .	A individuals is in the underpass station .
entailment	A masculine in an overcoat putting on his gloves at a underground station .	A person is in the metro station .
entailment	A mens in an overcoat putting on his gloves at a underground station .	A persons is in the metro station .
entailment	One confused men is standing and staring off into the distance in front of some ticket collects machines .	The male is confused .
entailment	One confused male is standing and staring off into the distance in front of some ticket collects machines .	The males is confused .
entailment	One confused man is standing and staring off into the distance in front of some ticket collects machines .	The male is confused .
entailment	Under the glaring light of a fluorescent bulb , males in dark apparel and hats approach fare card machines ; one senior man in a blue scarf glances up as he puts on his gloves .	The males are covering themselves in sportswear .
entailment	Under the glaring light of a fluorescent bulb , male in dark clothes and hats approach fare cards machines ; one ancient masculine in a blue scarf glances up as he puts on his gloves .	The males are covering themselves in sportswear .
entailment	Under the glaring light of a fluorescent bulb , man in dark sportswear and hats approach fare valentines machines ; one elders mens in a blue scarf glances up as he puts on his gloves .	The men are covering themselves in clothing .
entailment	two dogs combat over a pink and red toy	The dogs are near the toy .
entailment	two dogs struggle over a pink and red toy	The dogs are near the toy .
entailment	two dogs combat over a pink and red toy	The dogs are near the toy .
entailment	A grouping of friends are sitting at a table while drinking alcohol at their local pub .	a panel of friends are at the table
entailment	A group of friends are sitting at a tables while drinking alcohol at their local pub .	a panel of friends are at the table
entailment	A groups of friends are sitting at a tables while drinking alcohol at their local pub .	a groups of friends are at the table
entailment	A panel of friends are sitting at a table while drinking alcohol at their local pub .	a panels of friends are sitting
entailment	A grouping of friends are sitting at a table while drinking alcohol at their local pub .	a group of friends are sitting
entailment	A group of friends are sitting at a tables while drinking alcohol at their local pub .	a panel of friends are sitting
entailment	A person wearing a red shirt is falling off a white surfboard .	A persons is in the water .
entailment	A individuals wearing a red shirt is falling off a white surfboard .	A individuals is in the water .
entailment	A persons wearing a red shirt is falling off a white surfboard .	A individuals is in the water .
entailment	Three mens , one holding tubing , another holding a vast object above his head , and one resting against the pipes bed on the truck , are searching at the camera .	three man look at the camera
entailment	Three mens , one holding pipe , another holding a mammoth object above his head , and one resting against the tube bed on the truck , are searches at the camera .	three male look at the camera
entailment	Three masculine , one holding tube , another holding a jumbo object above his head , and one rest against the pipes bed on the truck , are searches at the camera .	three men look at the camera
entailment	A masculine is walking past a large sign that says E.S.E. Electronics .	There is a men next to a sign .
entailment	A males is walking past a massive sign that says E.S.E. Electronics .	There is a man next to a sign .
entailment	A men is walking past a gigantic sign that says E.S.E. Electronics .	There is a masculine next to a sign .
entailment	An African American mens is posing in front of an E.S.E. Electronics promotional billboard after purchase items from the local liquor store .	Black males poses in front of E.S.E. sign after making a purchasing at a boutique .
entailment	An African American male is posing in front of an E.S.E. Electronics announcements billboard after buying items from the local liquor store .	Black man poses in front of E.S.E. sign after making a purchases at a store .
entailment	An African American man is posing in front of an E.S.E. Electronics advert billboard after buying items from the local liquor boutique .	Black male poses in front of E.S.E. sign after making a purchasing at a boutique .
entailment	A crowd of people are packing into a underground motors .	A crowd of people are together .
entailment	A crowd of people are packing into a metro auto .	A crowd of people are together .
entailment	A crowd of people are packet into a underpass auto .	A crowd of people are together .
entailment	A daughters wearing a scarf is brushing a equestrian .	A girl is brushing a horse .
entailment	A daughters wearing a scarf is brushing a horse .	A girl is brushing a equestrian .
entailment	A daughter wearing a scarf is brushing a equestrian .	A girls is brushing a horse .
entailment	A closeup view of a guitarist in a red shirt standing outside , with a grouping of youngsters play around him .	A male guitarist playing his intrument for young .
entailment	A closeup view of a guitarist in a red shirt standing outside , with a panels of teenager playing around him .	A masculine guitarist play his intrument for youngsters .
entailment	A closeup view of a guitarist in a red shirt standing exterior , with a group of youth playing around him .	A mens guitarist playing his intrument for children .
entailment	A closeup view of a guitarist in a red shirt standing outdoor , with a panels of children playing around him .	A individuals outdoor with teenage playing .
entailment	A closeup view of a guitarist in a red shirt standing outside , with a group of minor playing around him .	A person outer with young playing .
entailment	A closeup view of a guitarist in a red shirt standing outdoor , with a grouping of teen playing around him .	A persons outside with adolescent playing .
entailment	A crowd walks about a squares at overnight with smoker or fog drifting over them .	A groups of people walks in the squares .
entailment	A crowd walks about a square at night with cigarettes or fog drifting over them .	A panel of people walks in the squares .
entailment	A crowd walks about a squares at overnight with smoker or fog drifting over them .	A groups of people walks in the squares .
entailment	A Ford motors is making a right turning as 3 masculine are walking across the street behind the cars .	A motors making a rights turn had three pedestrians crossing behind it .
entailment	A Ford automobile is making a rights turn as 3 man are walking across the street behind the motors .	A automobile making a rights turn had three pedestrians cross behind it .
entailment	A Ford vehicles is making a right turning as 3 men are walking across the street behind the cars .	A autos making a rights turning had three pedestrians crossing behind it .
entailment	An Asian women enjoys a nice treat	A dame is taking pleasure from a treat .
entailment	An Asian female enjoys a nice treat	A dame is taking pleasure from a treat .
entailment	An Asian women enjoys a nice treat	A dame is taking pleasure from a treat .
entailment	A schoolgirl is jumping over a low hurdle .	A daughter is jumping over a hurdle .
entailment	A schoolgirl is jumping over a low hurdle .	A girls is jumping over a obstacle .
entailment	A schoolgirl is jumping over a low hurdles .	A daughter is jumping over a barriers .
entailment	A women is seen from above applying red nail polish to her toes , as they resting on a leather seat .	The women has red toenails .
entailment	A women is seen from above applying red nail polish to her toes , as they rest on a leather seating .	The females has red toenails .
entailment	A female is seen from above apply red nail polish to her toes , as they resting on a leather seat .	The females has red toenails .
entailment	Kids playing on the rocks with a vapor in the background .	The teenage are playing .
entailment	Kids playing on the rocks with a steamed in the background .	The youthful are playing .
entailment	Kids playing on the rocks with a vapor in the background .	The youth are play .
entailment	A man , wearing a white hates and eyeglasses , is sitting in a white truck that says `` Coast Gas '' .	A males is sitting on a truck .
entailment	A men , wearing a white hates and sunglasses , is sitting in a white truck that says `` Coast Gas '' .	A masculine is sitting on a truck .
entailment	A males , wearing a white hates and eyeglasses , is sitting in a white truck that says `` Coast Gas '' .	A male is sitting on a truck .
entailment	A boy in the lumber .	There is a boy in the woods .
entailment	A boy in the wood .	There is a boy in the woods .
entailment	A boy in the wooden .	There is a boy in the lumber .
entailment	A boy in the woods .	There is a little boy in the timber .
entailment	A boy in the lumber .	There is a small boy in the woods .
entailment	A boy in the wooden .	There is a little boy in the woods .
entailment	A Lady in a Green and Black Jacket , and Blue undergarments , taking a Photos of a Horse .	A woman takes photographs of a equestrian .
entailment	A Lady in a Green and Black Jacket , and Blue trousers , taking a Photos of a Horse .	A woman takes photograph of a horse .
entailment	A Lady in a Green and Black Jacket , and Blue trousers , taking a Photos of a Horse .	A woman takes photos of a equestrian .
entailment	Three boys in white shirts are walking behind an senior model Ford motor .	there are three boys
entailment	Three boys in white shirts are walking behind an elder model Ford automobiles .	there are three boys
entailment	Three boys in white shirts are walking behind an old model Ford cars .	there are three boys
entailment	This person in a yellow kayak is riding the rapids .	This person is on a river
entailment	This individuals in a yellow kayak is riding the swift .	This person is on a river
entailment	This individuals in a yellow kayak is riding the faster .	This person is on a river
entailment	A man in a mask in the back of a service motors .	A man with hide features is in a modes of transporting used in servicing .
entailment	A masculine in a mask in the back of a service vehicles .	A masculine with undercover features is in a method of transporting used in servicing .
entailment	A males in a mask in the back of a servicing vehicles .	A man with hide features is in a modes of transportation used in service .
entailment	A equestrian has fallen down on the green grass and the jockey riding on top is trying his hardest to not fall off .	The jockey is trying not to fall off the equestrian .
entailment	A equestrian has fallen down on the green grass and the jockey riding on top is trying his hardest to not fall off .	The jockey is trying not to fall off the equestrian .
entailment	A equestrian has fallen down on the green grass and the jockey riding on top is trying his hardest to not fall off .	The jockey is trying not to fall off the equestrian .
entailment	A individuals with an orange shovel is shoveling snowy .	There is snowy outside
entailment	A individuals with an orange shovel is shoveling snowy .	There is snow outside
entailment	A individuals with an orange shovel is shoveling snow .	There is snow outside
entailment	Workers wearing orange vests stand near rail tracks .	Workers are standing outboard .
entailment	Workers wearing orange vests stand near rail tracks .	Workers are standing outboard .
entailment	Workers wearing orange vests stand near rail trails .	Workers are standing outside .
entailment	Children bathe in water from large drum .	The young are taking a bath .
entailment	Children bathe in water from jumbo drumming .	The youthful are taking a bath .
entailment	Children bathe in water from overwhelming drumming .	The teenage are taking a bath .
entailment	Children bathe in water from jumbo drum .	The teens are not reading .
entailment	Children bathe in water from large drum .	The underage are not reading .
entailment	Children bathe in water from big drumming .	The teenagers are not reading .
entailment	Children bathe in water from immense drums .	The adolescence are wet .
entailment	Children bathe in water from enormous drums .	The child are wet .
entailment	Children bathe in water from huge drumming .	The kids are wet .
entailment	Three boys in white shirts are walking behind an archaic model Ford cars .	The boys are on the street
entailment	Three boys in white shirts are walking behind an senior model Ford vehicular .	The boys are on the street
entailment	Three boys in white shirts are walking behind an age model Ford auto .	The boys are on the street
entailment	A skateboarder is performing a grab trick while hovering above a ramp , which is located within a city .	A skateboarder is doing tricks in an sphere with ramps .
entailment	A skateboarder is performing a grab trick while hovering above a ramp , which is located within a city .	A skateboarder is doing tricks in an spheres with ramps .
entailment	A skateboarder is performing a grab ploy while hovering above a ramp , which is located within a town .	A skateboarder is doing tricks in an areas with ramps .
entailment	A adolescents boy giving his brother a piggyback ride	a boy is giving his brother a ride
entailment	A adolescence boy giving his brother a piggyback ride	a boy is giving his brother a ride
entailment	A kid boy giving his brother a piggyback ride	a boy is giving his brother a ride
entailment	A women teaching a ballet class comprised of petite teen holding colourful scarves .	A women is teaching a ballet class .
entailment	A woman teaching a ballet class consisting of petite juveniles holding colourful scarves .	A woman is teaching a ballet class .
entailment	A woman teaching a ballet class consisting of small juveniles holding colourful scarves .	A women is teaching a ballet class .
entailment	A statue at a museum that no seems to be looking at .	There is a statue that not numerous people seem to be interested in .
entailment	A statue at a museum that no seems to be searching at .	There is a statue that not various people seem to be interested in .
entailment	A statue at a museum that no seems to be searches at .	There is a statue that not various people seem to be interested in .
entailment	Three girls blow out the candles of a cake made of Peeps .	Some people are blowing out candles
entailment	Three girls blow out the candles of a cake made of Peeps .	Some people are blowing out candles
entailment	Three daughters blow out the candles of a cake made of Peeps .	Some people are blowing out candles
entailment	A nude chested smiling miners plays in water .	There is a topless teenage play in the water .
entailment	A bare chested smiling youngsters plays in water .	There is a topless young playing in the water .
entailment	A naked chested smiling teen plays in water .	There is a topless young playing in the water .
entailment	The two boys are swimming with boogie boards .	The two boys are swimming with their floats
entailment	The two boys are swimming with boogie boards .	The two boys are swim with their floats
entailment	The two boys are swim with boogie boards .	The two boys are swim with their floats
entailment	A masculine in a suit with a purple striped tie discussions to a dame wearing spectacles .	A masculine is chatting with a dame .
entailment	A men in a suit with a purple striped tie talking to a lady wearing eyeglasses .	A mens is chatting with a dame .
entailment	A man in a suit with a purple striped tie conversations to a lady wearing goggles .	A masculine is chatting with a dame .
entailment	Three girl are standing and conversation to each other .	Three girl are talking
entailment	Three daughter are standing and talking to each other .	Three daughter are talking
entailment	Three girl are standing and conversations to each other .	Three daughter are talking
entailment	Three girl blow out the candles of a cake made of Peeps .	There are three daughters and a cake
entailment	Three girl blow out the candles of a cake made of Peeps .	There are three daughters and a cake
entailment	Three daughter blow out the candles of a cake made of Peeps .	There are three daughters and a cake
entailment	People are standing next to a strings link fencing .	The people are outdoor .
entailment	People are standing next to a string link fencing .	The people are outboard .
entailment	People are standing next to a chain link fences .	The people are outer .
entailment	Two guys walking , one carry a skateboard	Both of the males are walking .
entailment	Two guys walking , one carrying a skateboard	Both of the male are walking .
entailment	Two guys walking , one carrying a skateboard	Both of the man are walking .
entailment	A men runner in an orange and white t-shirt and black shorts is sprinting down the track .	A persons running
entailment	A man runner in an orange and white t-shirt and negro shorts is sprinting down the track .	A persons running
entailment	A mens racer in an orange and white t-shirt and black shorts is sprinting down the track .	A person running
entailment	Three teenager are play with an illuminated water art display .	Three teenager are interacting with an lit water art display .
entailment	Three miner are play with an illuminated water art display .	Three youngsters are interacting with an illuminated water art display .
entailment	Three underage are play with an illuminated water art display .	Three teenaged are interact with an illuminated water art display .
entailment	Kids play in water coming up in streams out of a tiled floor with an photos of a hefty rose on it .	Kids are play in water .
entailment	Kids play in water coming up in streams out of a tiled floor with an photo of a hefty rose on it .	Kids are play in water .
entailment	Kids playing in water coming up in flows out of a tiled floor with an pictures of a immense rose on it .	Kids are play in water .
entailment	A woman is in the mid of hitting a tennis ball .	A female is playing tennis .
entailment	A females is in the media of hitting a tennis ball .	A female is play tennis .
entailment	A female is in the middle of hitting a tennis ball .	A woman is play tennis .
entailment	A women with short blond-hair rises from a chair as another women in a burgundy shirt laughs .	A female rise from a chair
entailment	A women with short blond-hair rises from a chairs as another females in a burgundy shirt laughs .	A woman rises from a chair
entailment	A women with short blond-hair rise from a chair as another women in a burgundy shirt laughs .	A women rises from a chair
entailment	Here is an advertisement for everybody approximately the beach .	The beach has an promotional .
entailment	Here is an announces for everybody approximately the beach .	The beach has an announce .
entailment	Here is an announced for everybody approximately the beach .	The beach has an announcements .
entailment	A individuals in a yellow helmet rock climb while another person waits on the ground with the tether .	A individuals has a yellow helmet .
entailment	A person in a yellow helmet rock climbing while another persons waits on the ground with the tether .	A individuals has a yellow helmet .
entailment	A persons in a yellow helmet rock climbing while another individuals waits on the ground with the tether .	A persons has a yellow helmet .
entailment	A crowd of people quest up at 3 people on the edge of the roof of a building .	The crowd on the ground is watching 3 people on the roof 's edge .
entailment	A crowd of people quest up at 3 people on the edge of the roof of a building .	The crowd on the ground is watching 3 people on the roof 's edge .
entailment	A crowd of people quest up at 3 people on the edge of the roof of a building .	The crowd on the ground is watching 3 people on the roof 's edge .
entailment	A groups of adolescents looking at the contents of a slide through a microscope displayed on a computers screen .	The children are searches through a microscope .
entailment	A group of child searches at the contents of a slide through a microscope displayed on a computers screen .	The adolescents are searching through a microscope .
entailment	A grouping of kids looking at the contents of a slide through a microscope displayed on a computer screen .	The juveniles are search through a microscope .
entailment	A group of man and boys look upwards at something .	A groups of people searching up .
entailment	A grouping of man and boys look upwards at something .	A panel of people searching up .
entailment	A panel of mens and boys look upwards at something .	A grouping of people looking up .
entailment	A brown dog runs through a grassy field	A brown dog runs outboard .
entailment	A brown dog runs through a grassy field	A brown dog runs outdoor .
entailment	A brown dog runs through a grassy field	A brown dog runs outer .
entailment	A black dog is excavating in the snowy .	A dark colored dog dig through the snow
entailment	A negro dog is excavation in the snow .	A dark colored dog digging through the snow
entailment	A black dog is dig in the snowy .	A dark colored dog dig through the snow
entailment	A black dog is dig in the snowy .	A dog outdoor dig .
entailment	A negro dog is digs in the snow .	A dog outer digs .
entailment	A black dog is excavating in the snowy .	A dog exterior excavation .
entailment	Man in red jacket is opened the door while holding his cars vital .	Man in red jacket is opened the door while holding his cars keys
entailment	Man in red jacket is open the gate while holding his vehicle key .	Man in red jacket is opens the gate while holding his automobile keys
entailment	Man in red jacket is openings the gate while holding his auto keys .	Man in red jacket is opened the gate while holding his motor keys
entailment	adolescent are quest at something on a tables .	Some young are staring at something on the tables .
entailment	teen are searches at something on a tables .	Some teen are staring at something on the table .
entailment	juvenile are quest at something on a table .	Some teenager are staring at something on the tables .
entailment	skateboarder sliding down a ramp	A skateboarder is doing a trick .
entailment	skateboarder sliding down a ramp	A skateboarder is doing a ploy .
entailment	skateboarder sliding down a ramp	A skateboarder is doing a ploy .
entailment	A persons dressed in winter clothes poses with a snowman surrounded by snow cover landscape .	Next to a snowman a person poses for a photographic with it .
entailment	A person dressed in winter sportswear poses with a snowman surrounded by snow cover landscape .	Next to a snowman a individuals poses for a picture with it .
entailment	A persons clothed in winter sportswear poses with a snowman surrounded by snowy covered landscape .	Next to a snowman a persons poses for a photographic with it .
entailment	Baby in running in over-sized flip-flops .	A baby is running .
entailment	Baby in running in over-sized flip-flops .	A baby is running .
entailment	Baby in running in over-sized flip-flops .	A baby is running .
entailment	A woman working lengthy hours .	A woman is working .
entailment	A female working lengthy hours .	A woman is working .
entailment	A woman working lengthy hours .	A women is working .
entailment	children holding handles on two wheeled object	The underage has hands .
entailment	teenager holding handles on two wheels object	The teen has hands .
entailment	teenagers holding handles on two wheels object	The smaller has hands .
entailment	There is a panels of adolescence getting their images taken with presents .	Children opening presents .
entailment	There is a groups of youngsters getting their photographed taken with presents .	Children opening presents .
entailment	There is a grouping of teenage getting their pictures taken with presents .	Children opened presents .
entailment	A males is walking in the street .	A man is walking outside .
entailment	A men is walking in the street .	A masculine is walking outboard .
entailment	A male is walking in the street .	A mens is walking exterior .
entailment	The monumental dog is checked out the kids dog .	A overwhelming dog watching over a kid dog .
entailment	The heavy dog is check out the teenager dog .	A immense dog watching over a teen dog .
entailment	The big dog is checked out the children dog .	A jumbo dog watching over a miners dog .
entailment	A mens stands speaking to a crowd of sitting people , all wearing corporations attire .	A masculine is addressing a panel of people .
entailment	A male stands speaking to a crowd of sitting people , all wearing corporations garb .	A males is addressing a grouping of people .
entailment	A man stands speaking to a crowd of sitting people , all wearing ventures garb .	A men is addressing a group of people .
entailment	A females is standing near three stores , two have beautiful artwork and the other store has Largo written on it .	A woman standing on a street corner outside beside three diverse stores , two of which contain beautiful artwork and one with a Largo sign .
entailment	A female is standing near three storage , two have beautiful artwork and the other store has Largo written on it .	A females standing on a street corner outdoor beside three varying stores , two of which contain beautiful artwork and one with a Largo sign .
entailment	A women is standing near three storage , two have beautiful artwork and the other store has Largo written on it .	A females standing on a street cornering outer beside three many stores , two of which contain beautiful artwork and one with a Largo sign .
entailment	A persons is on a four wheeler kicking up a batch of dirt in a dune .	The person is riding a four wheeler .
entailment	A persons is on a four wheeler kicking up a lot of filth in a dune .	The person is riding a four wheeler .
entailment	A individuals is on a four wheeler kicking up a lot of filth in a dune .	The person is riding a four wheeler .
entailment	An expensive autos is parked in what looks like a car-wash with a masculine standing at the opens travelers door side .	An expensive motors is parked .
entailment	An expensive auto is parked in what looks like a car-wash with a men standing at the open passenger door side .	An expensive automobile is parked .
entailment	An expensive car is parked in what looks like a car-wash with a mens standing at the open travellers door side .	An expensive motor is parked .
entailment	Man and female standing under a red umbrella .	They stood under the umbrella .
entailment	Man and women standing under a red umbrella .	They stood under the umbrella .
entailment	Man and female standing under a red umbrella .	They stood under the umbrella .
entailment	Man in white sweater looks from his press box onto the pitch .	A males watches the field
entailment	Man in white sweater looks from his pressing box onto the pitch .	A mens clocks the field
entailment	Man in white sweater looks from his pressing box onto the pitch .	A men clocks the field
entailment	Two minors girl conversing next to lockers .	People talking next to lockers .
entailment	Two adolescent girl conversing next to lockers .	People conversation next to lockers .
entailment	Two miners daughters conversing next to lockers .	People discussions next to lockers .
entailment	A mens holding some kinds of vegetables while his wife in a red jumper stares to the side , and his girls in a red sweater looks at the camera .	A masculine holds a vegetable .
entailment	A man holding some sorted of vegetables while his wife in a red jumper stares to the side , and his daughter in a red sweater looks at the camera .	A mens holds a vegetable .
entailment	A mens holding some sorted of vegetables while his wife in a red jumper stares to the side , and his daughter in a red jumper looks at the camera .	A males holds a vegetable .
entailment	A men in a marketplace holding some very large green onions while cigarettes a cigarette .	A masculine is holding onions .
entailment	A males in a markets holding some very gigantic green onions while smoke a cigarette .	A man is holding onions .
entailment	A males in a market holding some very vast green onions while smoker a cigarette .	A man is holding onions .
entailment	A female bowler dressed in blue , with another bowler in the background , prepares to throw a ball down the lanes .	A woman is playing a game
entailment	A female bowler clothed in blue , with another bowler in the background , prepares to throw a ball down the lane .	A women is playing a game
entailment	A woman bowler clothed in blue , with another bowler in the background , prepares to throw a ball down the lane .	A females is playing a game
entailment	A female bowler attired in blue , with another bowler in the background , prepares to throw a ball down the lane .	A female is at a bowling alley
entailment	A woman bowler clothed in blue , with another bowler in the background , prepares to throw a ball down the lanes .	A female is at a billiard alley
entailment	A females bowler attired in blue , with another bowler in the background , prepares to throw a ball down the lanes .	A woman is at a bowling alley
entailment	Someone in a white and black polka dotted outfit handing out petite cartons of orange juice behind caution taping on a street .	A person in a polka dotted outfit is handing out orange juice behind a cautious areas .
entailment	Someone in a white and black polka points outfit handing out small cartons of orange juice behind wary registering on a street .	A persons in a polka points outfit is handing out orange juice behind a wary sphere .
entailment	Someone in a white and black polka dot outfit handing out little cartons of orange juice behind cautious logging on a street .	A person in a polka dots outfit is handing out orange juice behind a cautious areas .
entailment	A light colored dog leaps over a barriers .	A dog jumps over a obstacel .
entailment	A light colored dog leaps over a obstacles .	A dog jumps over a obstacel .
entailment	A light colored dog leaps over a barrier .	A dog jumps over a obstacel .
entailment	Man with beard doing skateboard stunt	A males skateboards .
entailment	Man with beard doing skateboarding stunt	A men skateboards .
entailment	Man with beard doing skateboard stunt	A masculine skateboards .
entailment	A female is chatting as she drinks her coffee .	A female is having a chat .
entailment	A women is chatting as she drinks her coffee .	A females is having a chat .
entailment	A females is chatting as she beverages her coffee .	A women is having a chat .
entailment	A females in a yellow skirt is dance with a masculine in a white shirt , with another couple dances in the background .	A woman dances with a mens next to another couple dancing
entailment	A women in a yellow skirt is dancing with a mens in a white shirt , with another couple dancing in the background .	A women dancing with a men next to another couple dancing
entailment	A women in a yellow skirt is dance with a man in a white shirt , with another couple dances in the background .	A females dance with a men next to another couple dancing
entailment	A men in an army uniformed meeting someone foreign .	A male in an army uniforms is meetings someone .
entailment	A men in an army uniform meeting someone foreign .	A males in an army uniform is meeting someone .
entailment	A mens in an army uniformed meetings someone foreign .	A masculine in an army uniforms is meeting someone .
entailment	A children man holds a hammer shaped object in the jets with one hand and a similar shaped object in the other while making a funny expression .	A persons is holding a tool .
entailment	A teen man holds a hammer shaped object in the air with one hand and a similar shaped object in the other while making a funny expression .	A person is holding a tool .
entailment	A teenage masculine holds a hammer shaped object in the airline with one hand and a similar shaped object in the other while making a funny expression .	A individuals is holding a tool .
entailment	The firefighting and woman wearing blue gloves have finished working on a persons who is lying on ground bandaged and draped in a blue blanket .	The firefighting have finished a job .
entailment	The firefighting and female wearing blue gloves have finished working on a persons who is lie on ground bandaged and draped in a blue blanket .	The firemen have finished a job .
entailment	The firemen and woman wearing blue gloves have finished working on a persons who is lie on ground bandaged and draped in a blue blanket .	The firefighters have finished a job .
entailment	a child males wearing dark glasses smiling	A guy is wearing eyeglasses .
entailment	a teenager male wearing dark eyeglasses smiling	A guy is wearing glasses .
entailment	a teenaged male wearing dark eyeglasses smiling	A guy is wearing glasses .
entailment	Indian man sell food item on the sidewalk	Men are sells food on the pavement .
entailment	Indian masculine selling food item on the sidewalk	Men are sale food on the pavement .
entailment	Indian masculine selling food items on the sidewalk	Men are sell food on the pavement .
entailment	People sitting in chair along a tree-lined sidewalk .	People are sitting in chairs
entailment	People sitting in chair along a tree-lined sidewalk .	People are sitting in chairs
entailment	People sitting in chairs along a tree-lined sidewalk .	People are sitting in chairs
entailment	Three men are doing a musical set with wiring and equipment all over the stage , and they are holding exclusive guitar like instruments .	Three male are doing a musical set wit cables and equipment all over the stage and they are holding loner guitar like instruments
entailment	Three males are doing a musical set with cables and equipment all over the stages , and they are holding unique guitar like instruments .	Three mens are doing a musical set wit cables and equipment all over the stages and they are holding exclusive guitar like instruments
entailment	Three male are doing a musical set with wiring and equipment all over the stages , and they are holding lonely guitar like instruments .	Three mens are doing a musical set wit wired and equipment all over the stage and they are holding lonely guitar like instruments
entailment	A males walks with a cow down a filth pavement .	A man walks with his cow .
entailment	A male walks with a cow down a filth pavement .	A mens walks with his cow .
entailment	A masculine walks with a cow down a filth pavement .	A male walks with his cow .
entailment	Two youth , both wearing tan coats , are embracing one another .	Two young are hugging .
entailment	Two adolescence , both wearing tan coats , are embracing one another .	Two kid are hugging .
entailment	Two minor , both wearing tan coats , are embracing one another .	Two youthful are hugging .
entailment	A males in aerodynamic gear riding a cycling down a path around a sharp curve .	the mens is riding outside
entailment	A masculine in aerodynamic gear riding a mopeds down a road around a sharp curve .	the men is riding outside
entailment	A males in aerodynamic gear riding a bicycle down a routes around a sharp curve .	the men is riding outside
entailment	Soldiers are holding weapon and peeking around a building .	Soldiers are package heating near a building .
entailment	Soldiers are holding pistol and peeking around a building .	Soldiers are bundles heats near a building .
entailment	Soldiers are holding handgun and peeking around a building .	Soldiers are packages warms near a building .
entailment	Three mens in Soldier attire and helmets stand with weapons exterior of a building .	There are people standing outer .
entailment	Three man in Soldier frock and helmets stand with arms outdoor of a building .	There are people standing outboard .
entailment	Three men in Soldier garb and helmets stand with guns outside of a building .	There are people standing outboard .
entailment	A man is watching as a females is reading a piece of paper .	A person clocks someone .
entailment	A mens is watching as a women is reading a piece of paper .	A persons watches someone .
entailment	A male is watching as a women is reading a piece of paper .	A individuals watches someone .
entailment	A mens takes a drank in the doorway of a home .	A masculine is standing in the doorway .
entailment	A man takes a drank in the doorway of a home .	A males is standing in the doorway .
entailment	A male takes a drank in the doorway of a home .	A masculine is standing in the doorway .
entailment	A male in a white and grey shirt looks on as a shirtless men with a mustache cleans fish on a pale green table .	The mens watches the other clean a fish .
entailment	A masculine in a white and gray shirt looks on as a shirtless masculine with a mustache cleans fish on a pale green table .	The mens watches the other clean a fish .
entailment	A males in a white and grey shirt looks on as a shirtless mens with a mustache cleans fishes on a pale green table .	The males clocks the other clean a fishes .
entailment	A tattooed males posing with a females carry a yellow rucksack .	A masculine poses with a woman .
entailment	A tattooed men posing with a females carrying a yellow bags .	A men poses with a female .
entailment	A tattooed male posing with a woman carry a yellow pockets .	A men poses with a woman .
entailment	Two woman , one wearing a blue striped shirt and the other wearing a flowered shirt , are riding horses .	Women are exterior riding horses .
entailment	Two women , one wearing a blue striped shirt and the other wearing a flowered shirt , are riding horses .	Women are outdoor riding horses .
entailment	Two women , one wearing a blue striped shirt and the other wearing a flowered shirt , are riding horses .	Women are outboard riding horses .
entailment	2 miners who look linked are hanging out with 1 of them quest very sentimental and hugging the other .	Two teenaged were hugging .
entailment	2 juveniles who look linked are hanging out with 1 of them search very sentimental and hugging the other .	Two youths were hugging .
entailment	2 juveniles who look related are hanging out with 1 of them searching very sentimental and hugging the other .	Two adolescent were hugging .
entailment	People are all standing together in front of a statue of an animals , and they are all wearing cool-weather apparel .	A group of people looking at a statue .
entailment	People are all standing together in front of a statue of an animals , and they are all wearing cool-weather garment .	A panels of people looking at a statue .
entailment	People are all standing together in front of a statue of an animals , and they are all wearing cool-weather clothes .	A panels of people quest at a statue .
entailment	A airlines fly overhead as serviceman man stand at attention , a flag blows in the wind as a lady in red stares out towards the camera .	A plane fly in the sky .
entailment	A aeroplane flies overhead as serviceman male stand at attention , a flag blows in the wind as a lady in red stares out towards the camera .	A aviation flies in the sky .
entailment	A air flies overhead as solider mens stand at attention , a flag blows in the wind as a lady in red stares out towards the camera .	A air flies in the sky .
entailment	A airline fly overhead as solider mens stand at attention , a flag blows in the wind as a dame in red stares out toward the camera .	A military event is taking placing .
entailment	A air fly overhead as soldier mens stand at attention , a flag blows in the wind as a dame in red stares out towards the camera .	A serviceman event is taking place .
entailment	A planes flies overhead as serviceman mens stand at attention , a flag blows in the wind as a dame in red stares out towards the camera .	A serviceman events is taking placing .
entailment	Someone with a long poles that appears to have a spike on the ends is pointing it at a red balloon on the other side of the wall from him .	A persons with a long object stands on one side of a wall and a balloon floats on the other side .
entailment	Someone with a long pole that appears to have a spiking on the ends is pointing it at a red balloon on the other side of the wall from him .	A individuals with a long object stands on one side of a wall and a balloon floats on the other side .
entailment	Someone with a long pole that appears to have a spike on the ends is pointing it at a red balloon on the other side of the wall from him .	A persons with a long object stands on one side of a wall and a balloon floats on the other side .
entailment	A mens dancing with a women in a white egypt costume .	A males dancing with a female in costume
entailment	A men dancing with a women in a white egyptian costume .	A mens dancing with a females in costume
entailment	A male dances with a woman in a white egyptian costume .	A man dancing with a women in costume
entailment	The pitcher is pitching the ball in a game of baseball .	The pitcher throws the ball .
entailment	The pitcher is pitch the ball in a games of baseball .	The pitcher throws the ball .
entailment	The pitcher is pitching the ball in a games of baseball .	The pitcher throws the ball .
entailment	A tan dog chasing a black and white soccer ball .	A dog is chase a ball .
entailment	A tan dog hunted a negro and white soccer ball .	A dog is hunt a ball .
entailment	A tan dog hunted a negro and white soccer ball .	A dog is manhunt a ball .
entailment	A land rover is being driven across a river .	A Land Rover is splashing water as it crosses a river .
entailment	A land rover is being driven across a river .	A Land Rover is splashing water as it crosses a river .
entailment	A land rover is being driven across a river .	A Land Rover is splashing water as it crosses a river .
entailment	Some man and boys are play with a Frisbee in a grassy spheres .	People play frisbee outdoors .
entailment	Some males and boys are playing with a Frisbee in a grassy zone .	People playing frisbee outdoors .
entailment	Some mens and boys are play with a Frisbee in a grassy area .	People play frisbee outdoors .
entailment	Men wearing vie vests speeding across a organs of water in an orange boats .	The masculine are outboard .
entailment	Men wearing vie vests speeds across a organs of water in an orange sailing .	The male are outdoor .
entailment	Men wearing life vests accelerating across a agency of water in an orange boats .	The man are outboard .
entailment	A musician play a guitar and harmonica sung a song with `` Whatever it Takes '' written on his guitar .	The musician is sung .
entailment	A musician play a guitar and harmonica singing a song with `` Whatever it Takes '' written on his guitar .	The musician is sing .
entailment	A musician playing a guitar and harmonica sing a song with `` Whatever it Takes '' written on his guitar .	The musician is singing .
entailment	A white dog is running through the water at a beach	The white dog is at a beach .
entailment	A white dog is running through the water at a beach	The white dog is at a beach .
entailment	A white dog is running through the water at a beach	The white dog is at a beach .
entailment	A pale colored dog runs through a body of water .	A dog runs through some water .
entailment	A pale colored dog runs through a bodies of water .	A dog runs through some water .
entailment	A pale colored dog runs through a agency of water .	A dog runs through some water .
entailment	A daughters crosscountry skis .	A daughters has on skis .
entailment	A daughter crosscountry ski .	A daughters has on skis .
entailment	A daughters crosscountry ski .	A daughter has on ski .
entailment	A dame wearing gloves , and a ponytail cooking something while people stand and watch .	A dame cooks
entailment	A dame wearing gloves , and a ponytail cooks something while people stand and watch .	A dame cooks
entailment	A dame wearing gloves , and a ponytail cooking something while people stand and watch .	A lady cooks
entailment	A huge number of people wearing only white and red are walking on a street .	A huge number of people walking on a street .
entailment	A big number of people wearing only white and red are walking on a street .	A huge number of people walking on a street .
entailment	A hefty number of people wearing solely white and red are walking on a street .	A mammoth number of people walking on a street .
entailment	A loner individuals is walking in front of a white building .	A loner humanity is outside in front of a building .
entailment	A loner individuals is walking in front of a white building .	A exclusive humanity is outdoor in front of a building .
entailment	A solitary persons is walking in front of a white building .	A lone humanity is exterior in front of a building .
entailment	A baby daughter and little boy are standing next to a guitar and a drums .	The daughters is near an instrument .
entailment	A baby daughters and petite boy are standing next to a guitar and a drum .	The daughters is near an instrument .
entailment	A baby daughters and small boy are standing next to a guitar and a drumming .	The girls is near an instrument .
entailment	a red-haired women play the violin	A woman is play an instrument .
entailment	a red-haired females play the violin	A women is playing an instrument .
entailment	a red-haired female play the violin	A woman is playing an instrument .
entailment	A tan dog plays with a white dog in a baby pool .	A couple of zoo are playing .
entailment	A tan dog plays with a white dog in a baby pool .	A couple of zoo are play .
entailment	A tan dog plays with a white dog in a baby pool .	A couple of animal are playing .
entailment	A guy in eyeglasses is biting into a pink marshmallow chick while somebody else is puckering their lips out wanting a bite .	A men is eating a marshmallow .
entailment	A guy in sunglasses is biting into a pink marshmallow chick while somebody else is puckering their lips out wanting a bite .	A men is eating a marshmallow .
entailment	A guy in sunglasses is biting into a pink marshmallow chick while somebody else is puckering their lips out wanting a bite .	A man is eating a marshmallow .
entailment	A guy in sunglasses is biting into a pink marshmallow chick while somebody else is puckering their lips out wanting a bite .	A guy bites into a freshly openings marshmallow chick
entailment	A guy in glasses is biting into a pink marshmallow chick while somebody else is puckering their lips out wanting a bite .	A guy bites into a freshly openings marshmallow chick
entailment	A guy in sunglasses is biting into a pink marshmallow chick while somebody else is puckering their lips out wanting a bite .	A guy bites into a freshly opening marshmallow chick
entailment	A guy in spectacles is biting into a pink marshmallow chick while somebody else is puckering their lips out wanting a bite .	A guy bites into a marshmallow while someone else desires a bite
entailment	A guy in spectacles is biting into a pink marshmallow chick while somebody else is puckering their lips out wanting a bite .	A guy bites into a marshmallow while someone else desires a bite
entailment	A guy in goggles is biting into a pink marshmallow chick while somebody else is puckering their lips out wanting a bite .	A guy bites into a marshmallow while someone else desires a bite
entailment	A man in a negro suit with a cat on a leash is search in a shop while the cat stands beside him staring the converse direction of the male , as a woman in a green jacket , negro panties and high heels has walked past both cat and mens .	A men with a cat .
entailment	A mens in a black suit with a cat on a leash is search in a shop while the cat stands beside him staring the converse direction of the males , as a women in a green jacket , negro undergarments and high heels has walked past both cat and men .	A men with a cat .
entailment	A masculine in a black suit with a cat on a leash is searching in a shop while the cat stands beside him staring the converse direction of the masculine , as a female in a green jacket , negro undergarments and high heels has walked past both cat and men .	A men with a cat .
entailment	A guy riding a mopeds near junk cars	A man is riding a bike .
entailment	A guy riding a motorbike near junk cars	A men is riding a motorcycles .
entailment	A guy riding a cyclist near junk cars	A man is riding a bike .
entailment	A teen female in a bikini looking at something in a glass cases .	A dame in a swimwear auditing things out .
entailment	A juvenile females in a bikini looking at something in a glass case .	A lady in a swimsuit checked things out .
entailment	A teenager female in a bikini looking at something in a glass cases .	A lady in a swimsuit checked things out .
entailment	A long dark-haired mens sitting on the grass with a guitar in his lap in front of a blue skies .	A male is sitting outdoors .
entailment	A long dark-haired men sitting on the grass with a guitar in his lap in front of a blue sky .	A masculine is sitting outdoors .
entailment	A lengthy dark-haired men sitting on the grass with a guitar in his lap in front of a blue skies .	A male is sitting outdoors .
entailment	An antique males talks to a street performer wearing makeup with a pet monkey .	The man talks to the performer .
entailment	An antique man talks to a street performer wearing makeup with a pet monkey .	The male talks to the performer .
entailment	An antique males talks to a street performer wearing makeup with a pet monkey .	The mens talks to the performer .
entailment	An body shredder , in World War I helmet and clown makeup , speaks to an old mens in a blue , striped polo shirt .	Someone in a helmet and clown makeup is talking to a mens in a striped shirt .
entailment	An body shredder , in World War I helmet and clown makeup , speaks to an aging men in a blue , striped polo shirt .	Someone in a helmet and clown makeup is discussions to a masculine in a striped shirt .
entailment	An agency shredder , in World War I helmet and clown makeup , speaks to an old masculine in a blue , striped polo shirt .	Someone in a helmet and clown makeup is conversations to a males in a striped shirt .
entailment	An organs shredder , in World War I helmet and clown makeup , speaks to an ancient men in a blue , striped polo shirt .	Two male are seated on a park bench , one in clown makeup and the other in a striped polo shirt .
entailment	An organs shredder , in World War I helmet and clown makeup , speaks to an aged man in a blue , striped polo shirt .	Two mens are seated on a park bench , one in clown makeup and the other in a striped polo shirt .
entailment	An agency shredder , in World War I helmet and clown makeup , speaks to an aging male in a blue , striped polo shirt .	Two masculine are seated on a park bench , one in clown makeup and the other in a striped polo shirt .
entailment	Mom and little boy having fun & eating by the lake .	Two humans enjoying the outdoor .
entailment	Mom and little boy having fun & eating by the lake .	Two humans enjoying the outer .
entailment	Mom and small boy having fun & eating by the lake .	Two humans enjoying the outside .
entailment	A very dirty race auto doing a exhaustion on some dirt .	A automobile does a burn out .
entailment	A very dirty races motors doing a burnout on some dirt .	A automobile does a burns out .
entailment	A very dirty racing automobile doing a exhaustion on some dirt .	A car does a burning out .
entailment	A minor men in jeans and a red shirt , wearing yellow gloves , holds a tree branch .	A adolescence males wears gloves
entailment	A teenaged males in jeans and a red shirt , wearing yellow gloves , holds a trees branch .	A children males wears gloves
entailment	A teenage men in jeans and a red shirt , wearing yellow gloves , holds a tree branch .	A minor mens wears gloves
entailment	Women of India performing with blue streamers , in beautiful blue costumes .	indian females perform together in gorgeous costumes
entailment	Women of India performing with blue banners , in beautiful blue costumes .	indian women perform together in gorgeous costumes
entailment	Women of India performing with blue streamers , in beautiful blue costumes .	indian female perform together in gorgeous costumes
entailment	A man with a beard is playing an audio guitar on the street .	A masculine plays guitar outboard .
entailment	A males with a beard is playing an acoustic guitar on the street .	A masculine plays guitar outside .
entailment	A mens with a beard is play an audio guitar on the street .	A male plays guitar outer .
entailment	Players from two opposing teams wearing colorful cleats battle to gaining control over a ball on an AstroTurf field .	The players are playing a sportsmen .
entailment	Players from two oppose teams wearing colorful cleats fighting to gain controls over a ball on an AstroTurf field .	The gamers are play a sportsman .
entailment	Players from two opposing teams wearing colorful cleats fight to gaining controls over a ball on an AstroTurf field .	The gamers are playing a athlete .
entailment	Players from two oppose teams wearing colorful cleats struggles to gaining controlling over a ball on an AstroTurf field .	They struggles to gain controls over a ball .
entailment	Players from two oppose teams wearing colorful cleats struggling to gaining controls over a ball on an AstroTurf field .	They struggling to gaining control over a ball .
entailment	Players from two oppose teams wearing colorful cleats combat to gaining controls over a ball on an AstroTurf field .	They battles to gaining controlling over a ball .
entailment	A female in a white apron prepares myriad meats on a vast grille .	A woman is preparing meat .
entailment	A females in a white apron prepares assorted meats on a jumbo grill .	A female is preparing meat .
entailment	A females in a white apron prepares numerous meats on a jumbo grille .	A women is preparing meat .
entailment	A women in a white apron prepares differing meats on a large grille .	A woman is commenced to cooks .
entailment	A women in a white apron prepares assorted meats on a overwhelming grill .	A woman is initiation to cooking .
entailment	A female in a white apron prepares varying meats on a heavy grille .	A females is starts to cooking .
entailment	Two dogs , the grey poodle high in the aviation , playing on the grass .	The zoo are outdoor .
entailment	Two dogs , the grey poodle high in the airplanes , play on the grass .	The zoo are outboard .
entailment	Two dogs , the gray poodle high in the jets , playing on the grass .	The animals are outboard .
entailment	A girls laying on the ground on her laptops .	a girl on her portable lurks on the ground
entailment	A girls laying on the ground on her cellular .	a girl on her cellular lurks on the ground
entailment	A girls laying on the ground on her laptop .	a girl on her cellphone lies on the ground
entailment	A man is renovating a room .	A men is in a rooms .
entailment	A men is renovating a room .	A mens is in a rooms .
entailment	A mens is renovating a room .	A men is in a room .
entailment	A women in a scarf , laughing , being licked by a dog .	A women and a dog enjoy timetable together
entailment	A women in a scarf , laugh , being licked by a dog .	A females and a dog enjoy times together
entailment	A women in a scarf , laugh , being licked by a dog .	A females and a dog enjoy period together
entailment	four people standing on a hiking trail in a forestry with mammoth tree recording on the ground close to them .	Some humans standing
entailment	four people standing on a hiking trail in a forester with massive trees records on the ground close to them .	Some humans standing
entailment	four people standing on a hiking trail in a forests with vast tree tape on the ground close to them .	Some humans standing
entailment	Young males performing a skateboard ploy on a sidewalk in a town .	A adolescent masculine is perfoming a good abilities on a skateboarding on the pavement in a metropolitan area .
entailment	Young male performing a skateboarding trick on a sidewalk in a town .	A youngsters mens is perfoming a good skills on a skateboarding on the pavement in a metropolitan zone .
entailment	Young male performing a skateboarding trick on a pavement in a town .	A teenaged male is perfoming a good capacity on a skateboard on the pavement in a metropolitan area .
entailment	Young male performing a skateboard trick on a pavement in a city .	There is a guy performing a dexterity on a skateboarding on the pavement in a metropolitan sphere .
entailment	Young masculine performing a skateboard ploy on a pavement in a town .	There is a guy performing a abilities on a skateboard on the sidewalk in a metropolitan zone .
entailment	Young man performing a skateboarding ploy on a pavement in a city .	There is a guy performing a abilities on a skateboarding on the sidewalk in a metropolitan area .
entailment	A dark-skinned men in white shirts and a black sleeveless shirt flips his skateboarding on a cement surfaces surrounded by tall buildings and palm trees .	a males flips his skateboarding on a cement surface
entailment	A dark-skinned males in white shirts and a negro sleeveless shirt flips his skateboarding on a cemented surfaces surrounded by tall buildings and palm tree .	a masculine flips his skateboarding on a cement surface
entailment	A dark-skinned masculine in white shirts and a negro sleeveless shirt flips his skateboard on a cemented surfaces surrounded by tall buildings and palm tree .	a mens flips his skateboarding on a cemented surface
entailment	A professional swimmer spits water out after surfacing while grabbing the hand of someone aid him back to land .	A person is swimming .
entailment	A professionals swimmer spits water out after surfacing while grabbing the hand of someone assist him back to land .	A individuals is swim .
entailment	A professional swimmer spits water out after surfacing while grabbing the hand of someone assists him back to land .	A persons is swim .
entailment	A dark-skinned man in white shirts and a black sleeveless shirt flips his skateboard on a cemented surfaces surrounded by tall buildings and palm trees .	a masculine does a skateboard trick on a cemented surface
entailment	A dark-skinned male in white shirts and a black sleeveless shirt flips his skateboarding on a cement surfaces surrounded by tall buildings and palm trees .	a males does a skateboarding trick on a cement surface
entailment	A dark-skinned mens in white shirts and a negro sleeveless shirt flips his skateboarding on a cement surface surrounded by tall buildings and palm tree .	a man does a skateboarding ploy on a cemented surface
entailment	Two child daughters hang tinsel on a Christmas tree in a rooms with blue curtains .	Two daughter are decorating their Christmas trees .
entailment	Two youthful daughters hang tinsel on a Christmas tree in a rooms with blue curtains .	Two daughter are decorating their Christmas tree .
entailment	Two minors daughters hang tinsel on a Christmas tree in a room with blue curtains .	Two daughter are decorating their Christmas trees .
entailment	This is when daddy taught her how to ride her scooter .	daddy teach her
entailment	This is when dad teach her how to ride her scooter .	daddy teach her
entailment	This is when papa teach her how to ride her scooter .	daddy teach her
entailment	A boy kneeling on a skateboarding riding down the street	A boy on a skateboard .
entailment	A boy kneeling on a skateboard riding down the street	A boy on a skateboard .
entailment	A boy kneeling on a skateboarding riding down the street	A boy on a skateboarding .
entailment	A land rover is being driven across a river .	A auto is crossed a river .
entailment	A land rover is being driven across a river .	A vehicle is crossed a river .
entailment	A land rover is being driven across a river .	A cars is crossing a river .
entailment	A man wearing a diploma ceilings , a suit , and an orange shawl walks in front of town shops .	A male dressed truly strangely is walking in front of some shops .
entailment	A male wearing a graduated chaps , a suit , and an orange shawl walks in front of city shops .	A male clothed really strangely is walking in front of some shops .
entailment	A mens wearing a graduated caps , a suit , and an orange shawl walks in front of town shops .	A males attired truly strangely is walking in front of some shops .
entailment	Three people sitting on some stairs laughing .	There are three people .
entailment	Three people sitting on some stairs laughing .	There are three people .
entailment	Three people sitting on some stairs laughing .	There are three people .
entailment	A skateboarder getting ready to perform on a half-tube rink where there are trees in the background .	A individuals with a skateboard is preparing to do tricks .
entailment	A skateboarder getting braced to perform on a half-tube rink where there are trees in the background .	A person with a skateboard is preparing to do tricks .
entailment	A skateboarder getting braced to perform on a half-tube rink where there are trees in the background .	A individuals with a skateboard is preparing to do tricks .
entailment	A skateboarder getting poised to perform on a half-tube rink where there are trees in the background .	A skateboarder stands on top of a halfpipe approximately to leap down .
entailment	A skateboarder getting poised to perform on a half-tube rink where there are trees in the background .	A skateboarder stands on top of a halfpipe roughly to jump down .
entailment	A skateboarder getting prepared to perform on a half-tube rink where there are tree in the background .	A skateboarder stands on top of a halfpipe roughly to leap down .
entailment	A lady wearing a straw hat and gold hoop earrings is pointing a finger .	A lady dotted .
entailment	A lady wearing a straw hat and gold hoop earrings is pointing a finger .	A lady dot .
entailment	A dame wearing a straw hat and gold hoop earrings is pointing a finger .	A lady dot .
entailment	A female wearing a long black jacket and a brown hat is walking beside a park with a lot of bloom tree .	The female is walking outside .
entailment	A female wearing a long black jacket and a brown hat is walking beside a park with a batch of bloom tree .	The woman is walking exterior .
entailment	A female wearing a lengthy negro jacket and a brown hat is walking beside a park with a batch of blooming tree .	The females is walking outer .
entailment	an outdated males in a tie died shirt playing a red according key bored for a boy in blue .	There is a men playing an instrument
entailment	an older males in a tie die shirt playing a red according key bored for a boy in blue .	There is a men playing an instrument
entailment	an age males in a tie dies shirt play a red according keys bored for a boy in blue .	There is a males playing an instrument
entailment	A individuals crossing a bridges with train tracks .	The bridges had train tracks across it .
entailment	A person cross a bridges with train trails .	The bridges had train trails across it .
entailment	A persons crossing a bridges with train trails .	The bridge had train tracks across it .
entailment	A mens in a negro ventures suit stands vertical next to a males wearing blue and leaning against a railing .	A masculine in a negro suit is standing next to a masculine in a blue outfit .
entailment	A masculine in a negro corporations suit stands vertical next to a men wearing blue and leaning against a railing .	A masculine in a black suit is standing next to a male in a blue outfit .
entailment	A mens in a black corporations suit stands upright next to a male wearing blue and leaning against a railing .	A men in a negro suit is standing next to a men in a blue outfit .
entailment	The males in the negro wetsuit is walking out of the water .	a individuals is walking out of water .
entailment	The men in the black wetsuit is walking out of the water .	a individuals is walking out of water .
entailment	The males in the black wetsuit is walking out of the water .	a person is walking out of water .
entailment	A grouping of three people and one dog hike up a green mountainside .	Some people are exercising exterior .
entailment	A panel of three people and one dog hike up a green mountainside .	Some people are exercise outdoor .
entailment	A panels of three people and one dog hike up a green mountainside .	Some people are exercise outer .
entailment	Three climbers and a dog are walking through the foliage on the hillside .	People are outer .
entailment	Three hikers and a dog are walking through the foliage on the hillside .	People are outdoor .
entailment	Three hikers and a dog are walking through the foliage on the hillside .	People are outboard .
entailment	First Lady Laura Bush at podium , in front of seated audience , at the White House Conference on Global Literacy .	The previously First Lady is at the podium for a conference .
entailment	First Lady Laura Bush at podium , in front of seated audience , at the White House Conference on Global Literacy .	The previously First Lady is at the podium for a conference .
entailment	First Lady Laura Bush at podium , in front of seated audience , at the White House Conference on Global Literacy .	The earlier First Lady is at the podium for a conference .
entailment	First Lady Laura Bush at podium , in front of seated audience , at the White House Conference on Global Literacy .	Laura Bush stands in front of a conference
entailment	First Lady Laura Bush at podium , in front of seated audience , at the White House Conference on Global Literacy .	Laura Bush stands in front of a conference
entailment	First Lady Laura Bush at podium , in front of seated audience , at the White House Conference on Global Literacy .	Laura Bush stands in front of a conference
entailment	Two masculine stand in hula grass skirts stand in the back of a truck at the top of a silver ramp .	The two men are wearing hula grass skirts .
entailment	Two males stand in hula grass skirts stand in the back of a truck at the top of a silver ramp .	The two male are wearing hula grass skirts .
entailment	Two man stand in hula grass skirts stand in the back of a truck at the top of a silver ramp .	The two men are wearing hula grass skirts .
entailment	Times Square in New York .	Times Square is a place .
entailment	Times Square in New York .	Times Square is a place .
entailment	Times Square in New York .	Times Square is a placing .
entailment	A groups of juvenile adults waiting in line outdoors in the daylight .	A groups of people wait in a line .
entailment	A groups of adolescent adult waiting in line outdoors in the daytime .	A panels of people wait in a line .
entailment	A panels of minor adults wait in line outdoors in the daylight .	A group of people wait in a line .
entailment	A masculine surfs on a middle sized wave while holding a paddle that seems to steer him in the direction he wants to go .	A masculine surfing on the water
entailment	A males surfs on a media sized wave while holding a paddling that seems to steer him in the direction he wants to go .	A mens surf on the water
entailment	A masculine surfs on a mid sized wave while holding a paddle that seems to steer him in the direction he wants to go .	A male surfing on the water
entailment	Two males and a Frisbee	Two mens with a toy .
entailment	Two man and a Frisbee	Two men with a toy .
entailment	Two mens and a Frisbee	Two mens with a toy .
entailment	A mens is kayaking in coarse waters .	The male is in a boat
entailment	A males is kayaking in crude waters .	The males is in a boat
entailment	A men is kayaking in coarse waters .	The man is in a boat
entailment	a males wearing a red jacket and conceal breeches is leaning against a giant trees in the snowy .	A male leaning on a tree
entailment	a masculine wearing a red jacket and conceal trousers is leaning against a giant tree in the snowy .	A masculine leaning on a tree
entailment	a men wearing a red jacket and disguise slacks is leaning against a giant trees in the snowy .	A mens leaning on a tree
entailment	A blue truck is driving on a desert path carry multiple people and lots of assorted cargo .	A truck driving
entailment	A blue truck is driving on a deserts route carrying various people and lots of different cargo .	A truck driving
entailment	A blue truck is drives on a desert routes carry myriad people and lots of many freight .	A truck driving
entailment	A shirtless men with a white hat and no shoes sitting crisscross with his back against the wall holding up a white plastic cup .	A men is sitting crisscross
entailment	A shirtless masculine with a white hat and no footwear sitting crisscross with his back against the wall holding up a white plastic cup .	A men is sitting crisscross
entailment	A shirtless masculine with a white hat and no footwear sitting crisscross with his back against the wall holding up a white plastic cup .	A mens is sitting crisscross
entailment	Five daughter and two guys are cross a overpass .	There are people outboard .
entailment	Five girl and two guys are crossed a overpass .	There are people outer .
entailment	Five daughters and two guys are cross a overpass .	There are people outside .
entailment	One female with jeans , grey shirt and sandals ; with daughters in all pink watching a white ball float in midair .	The shirt is gray .
entailment	One woman with jeans , grey shirt and sandals ; with daughters in all pink watching a white ball float in aeroplane .	The shirt is grey .
entailment	One woman with jeans , grey shirt and sandals ; with daughters in all pink watching a white ball float in jets .	The shirt is grey .
entailment	Two negro laboratory run , one carry an orange dog toy .	two dogs are running .
entailment	Two negro lab run , one carry an orange dog toy .	two dogs are running .
entailment	Two negro labs run , one carrying an orange dog toy .	two dogs are running .
entailment	A black men in a blue suit is conversation on a mobiles while cigarettes .	The cigarette is lit
entailment	A black men in a blue suit is conversation on a notebook while smoker .	The cigarette is lit
entailment	A negro mens in a blue suit is conversations on a mobile while cigarettes .	The cigarette is lit
entailment	A female wearing a negro t-shirt and green capri slacks walks in front of a giant clock .	The clock is exact at minimal two period a day .
entailment	A women wearing a black t-shirt and green capri pants walks in front of a giant clock .	The clock is precision at lowest two hourly a day .
entailment	A females wearing a black t-shirt and green capri slacks walks in front of a giant clock .	The clock is exact at lowest two calendar a day .
entailment	Several people in blue scrubs and one in a skirt and negro blouse .	There are people wearing scrubs .
entailment	Several people in blue scrubs and one in a skirt and black blouse .	There are people wearing scrubs .
entailment	Several people in blue scrubs and one in a skirt and negro blouse .	There are people wearing scrubs .
entailment	A middle-aged male chef is in a white doorway of a mobiles kitchen .	A chef is near a kitchen .
entailment	A middle-aged man chef is in a white doorway of a notebook kitchen .	A chef is near a kitchen .
entailment	A middle-aged men chef is in a white doorway of a cellphone kitchen .	A chef is near a kitchen .
entailment	A petite Asian youngsters rides on the back of a females who is wearing a hat .	A minor and female are photographic .
entailment	A petite Asian teenager rides on the back of a female who is wearing a hat .	A minors and females are pictures .
entailment	A small Asian kids rides on the back of a females who is wearing a hat .	A child and women are photographing .
entailment	The males is sweeping with a red broom .	The masculine is sweep dirt
entailment	The male is sweeping with a red broom .	The men is sweep dirt
entailment	The masculine is sweep with a red broom .	The mens is sweep dirt
entailment	The male is sweep with a red broom .	The masculine is sweeping
entailment	The male is sweep with a red broom .	The men is sweeping
entailment	The man is sweeping with a red broom .	The masculine is sweeping
entailment	a women working in the storefront of a jewelry shop fixing the display shelf .	A females fixes a display shelf .
entailment	a women working in the storefront of a jewelry shop fixing the display shelf .	A women fixes a display shelf .
entailment	a women working in the storefront of a jewelry shop fixing the display shelf .	A female fixes a display shelf .
entailment	Three masculine are standing on stages performing .	Men are vertical on a stages .
entailment	Three mens are standing on stage performing .	Men are vertical on a stage .
entailment	Three man are standing on stage performing .	Men are upright on a stage .
entailment	Two grownups male in black t-shirt and loud tunics hold smoker torches in preparation for an act of amusement or celebration in a forested environment .	Two male hold torches to celebrate
entailment	Two adults males in black t-shirt and loud tunics hold tobacco torches in preparation for an act of amusement or celebration in a forested environment .	Two man hold torches to celebrate
entailment	Two grownups male in black t-shirt and loud tunics hold smoker torches in preparation for an act of amusement or celebration in a forested environment .	Two mens hold torches to celebrate
entailment	A negro masculine in a knit , blue caps and green , collared shirt sit next to a stump slicing a coconut .	A masculine slicing coconut next to a stump .
entailment	A negro man in a knitted , blue ceiling and green , collared shirt sit next to a stump slicing a coconut .	A mens slicing coconut next to a stump .
entailment	A black man in a knitted , blue caps and green , collared shirt sit next to a stump slicing a coconut .	A masculine slicing coconut next to a stump .
entailment	A female is painting a mural of a female 's face .	There is a woman painted .
entailment	A females is paints a mural of a females 's face .	There is a females paint .
entailment	A women is paints a mural of a females 's face .	There is a female paints .
entailment	A patient is being worked on by physician and nurse .	Someone is at the medical .
entailment	A patient is being worked on by drugs and nurse .	Someone is at the doctors .
entailment	A patients is being worked on by physician and nursing .	Someone is at the physician .
entailment	a candid photographic of a minors dame sitting at a restaurant tables .	A teenagers lady is sitting at a tables .
entailment	a frank photo of a teenage lady sitting at a restaurant table .	A teenaged dame is sitting at a tables .
entailment	a frank image of a smaller lady sitting at a restaurant tables .	A underage dame is sitting at a table .
entailment	a boy wearing jean shorts , and a black and blue shirt , reading a book , sits on a rolling device up against a wall that says book fair , while other people stand around .	A boy is wearing clothes .
entailment	a boy wearing jean shorts , and a negro and blue shirt , reading a book , sits on a rolling device up against a wall that says book fair , while other people stand around .	A boy is wearing sportswear .
entailment	a boy wearing jean shorts , and a negro and blue shirt , reading a book , sits on a rolling device up against a wall that says book fair , while other people stand around .	A boy is wearing garment .
entailment	A mammoth crowd of people talking to each other .	There is a lot of people standing near each other .
entailment	A monumental crowd of people conversation to each other .	There is a lot of people standing near each other .
entailment	A big crowd of people conversation to each other .	There is a lot of people standing near each other .
entailment	In a string link enclosed skating park a skater goes over one of the obstacles.Wit .	A person is skate .
entailment	In a string link enclosed skate park a skater goes over one of the obstacles.Wit .	A persons is skate .
entailment	In a chain link enclosed skating park a skater goes over one of the obstacles.Wit .	A person is skate .
entailment	An antique females search off into the distance with three senior females walking towards her from behind .	4 antique female are walking
entailment	An older woman looking off into the distance with three older woman walking toward her from behind .	4 antique females are walking
entailment	An ancient females searches off into the distance with three elders females walking towards her from behind .	4 elders females are walking
entailment	A male sitting with his head down on his arm and a roll of bathroom paper and a notebooks sitting beside him .	A man is sitting down .
entailment	A masculine sitting with his head down on his arm and a roll of bathrooms paper and a movable sitting beside him .	A mens is sitting down .
entailment	A males sitting with his head down on his arm and a roll of bathtub paper and a cellular sitting beside him .	A male is sitting down .
entailment	A homeless mens carries a sign that says `` hungry '' .	The men does not have a home .
entailment	A homeless man carries a sign that says `` hungry '' .	The mens does not have a home .
entailment	A homeless men carries a sign that says `` hungry '' .	The masculine does not have a home .
entailment	People dressed in classical Japanese frock walk in a procession through a backyard paved with paving stones .	People attired in Japanese garments walk through a courtyard .
entailment	People dressed in traditional Japanese attire walk in a procession through a courtyard paved with paving stones .	People clothed in Japanese garment walk through a courtyard .
entailment	People clothed in classical Japanese garb walk in a procession through a backyard paved with paving stones .	People dressed in Japanese garments walk through a backyard .
entailment	A male shows off his spider-web face paints .	A individuals shows some people his face paint .
entailment	A mens shows off his spider-web face painted .	A person shows some people his face painting .
entailment	A men shows off his spider-web face paint .	A person shows some people his face painting .
entailment	Man with a spider web & spiders paintings on his face .	The male has his face painted .
entailment	Man with a spider internet & spiders painting on his face .	The man has his face paintings .
entailment	Man with a spider internet & spiders paintings on his face .	The men has his face paints .
entailment	Man sitting on bench with a baggage in front of PADDINGTON sign .	A man sitting with a sign
entailment	Man sitting on bench with a baggage in front of PADDINGTON sign .	A males sitting with a sign
entailment	Man sitting on bench with a suitcase in front of PADDINGTON sign .	A men sitting with a sign
entailment	Boy in green pjs play with his toy while his ma sits on the couch and clocks him .	A boy in green pajamas plays .
entailment	Boy in green pjs play with his toy while his mom sits on the couch and clocks him .	A boy in green pajamas plays .
entailment	Boy in green pjs play with his toy while his moms sits on the couch and watches him .	A boy in green pjs plays .
entailment	A teens boy holding a red toy wearing green snowman and reindeer pjs with an elderly females on a couch behind him .	The youth boy is holding a toy .
entailment	A teen boy holding a red toy wearing green snowman and reindeer pjs with an senior women on a couch behind him .	The young boy is holding a toy .
entailment	A teenager boy holding a red toy wearing green snowman and reindeer pjs with an outdated women on a couch behind him .	The miner boy is holding a toy .
entailment	A smiling mens and a baby girl posing for photography .	A photos is being taken of a masculine and a baby girl .
entailment	A smiling masculine and a baby girls posing for photographed .	A photograph is being taken of a men and a baby girl .
entailment	A smiling men and a baby daughters posing for photos .	A photos is being taken of a man and a baby girls .
entailment	Sports team members practice and relaxed on a basketball court .	Team members of a sportsmen is relaxing after practice .
entailment	Sports team members practise and relax on a basketball courts .	Team member of a sportsman is relax after practise .
entailment	Sports team member practise and relax on a basketball courts .	Team members of a sportsmen is relaxed after practicing .
entailment	A couple is eating outdoor at a tables and he is pointing at something .	People are eating at a table outer .
entailment	A couple is eating outboard at a table and he is pointing at something .	People are eating at a tables outdoor .
entailment	A couple is eating outside at a table and he is pointing at something .	People are eating at a tables outer .
entailment	Two people walk up to a brick building with a colorful mural on its side .	Two people walking towards a brick building with their mural on its side .
entailment	Two people walk up to a brick building with a colorful mural on its side .	Two people walking toward a brick building with their mural on its side .
entailment	Two people walk up to a brick building with a colorful mural on its side .	Two people walking toward a brick building with their mural on its side .
entailment	Two people walk up to a brick building with a colorful mural on its side .	Two people walking toward a brick building with a colorful mural outside .
entailment	Two people walk up to a brick building with a colorful mural on its side .	Two people walking toward a brick building with a colorful mural outboard .
entailment	Two people walk up to a brick building with a colorful mural on its side .	Two people walking toward a brick building with a colorful mural outboard .
entailment	A sungalsses dealer gazes into the distance .	A seller stares into space .
entailment	A sungalsses traders gazes into the distance .	A merchants stares into space .
entailment	A sungalsses businessmen gazes into the distance .	A vendors stares into space .
entailment	An Ambulance is passing a man wearing a bandanna and daughters .	The ambulance is n't halted by enormous traffic
entailment	An Ambulance is passing a men wearing a bandanna and girls .	The ambulance is n't stopped by jumbo traffic
entailment	An Ambulance is passing a mens wearing a bandanna and daughter .	The ambulance is n't stopped by jumbo traffic
entailment	A adolescence boy runs across a road in front of a skies blue building with ban windows .	A boy runs across a pathway in front of an abandoned building .
entailment	A miner boy runs across a pathway in front of a skies blue building with banned windows .	A boy runs across a path in front of an abandoned building .
entailment	A kid boy runs across a route in front of a sky blue building with forbidden windows .	A boy runs across a route in front of an abandoned building .
entailment	A adolescents boy runs across a pathway in front of a skies blue building with banned windows .	A boy is running infront of a building .
entailment	A juveniles boy runs across a paths in front of a sky blue building with barred windows .	A boy is running infront of a building .
entailment	A youngsters boy runs across a paths in front of a sky blue building with bans windows .	A boy is running infront of a building .
entailment	Boys in what appears to be a bookshelf or school rooms .	Children are indoors .
entailment	Boys in what appears to be a library or school rooms .	Children are indoors .
entailment	Boys in what appears to be a bookshelf or school room .	Children are indoors .
entailment	Boys in what appears to be a bookcase or school rooms .	Boys are in a placing of learn .
entailment	Boys in what appears to be a library or school rooms .	Boys are in a placing of learning .
entailment	Boys in what appears to be a library or school room .	Boys are in a place of learned .
entailment	3 female run in a marathon with the crowd in the background , one with the etiquette Galina and another the labeling Inga , and the 3rd running close behind them in blue .	Three woman are running .
entailment	3 female run in a marathon with the crowd in the background , one with the tagging Galina and another the labeling Inga , and the 3rd running close behind them in blue .	Three females are running .
entailment	3 woman run in a marathon with the crowd in the background , one with the tag Galina and another the tagging Inga , and the 3rd running close behind them in blue .	Three woman are running .
entailment	A masculine holding a photographs of a small dog is paints a little dog in near lifetime sizing on a white canvas .	A mens holding a pictures of a little dog is painted a petite dog in near vie size on a white canvas
entailment	A man holding a image of a small dog is paintings a little dog in near life sizing on a white canvas .	A males holding a photographer of a small dog is painted a little dog in near life sizing on a white canvas
entailment	A males holding a photographed of a little dog is painting a small dog in near lifetime size on a white canvas .	A man holding a photos of a petite dog is painting a petite dog in near lifetime size on a white canvas
entailment	A bare-chested man fitting his head and arm into a bathroom seating ringing while spectators watch in a town .	A gentlemen with no chest hairdo , wrangles his way through a bathroom seats .
entailment	A bare-chested man fitting his head and arm into a toilets seat ringing while viewers watch in a town .	A gentlemen with no torso hair , wrangles his way through a bathroom seats .
entailment	A bare-chested men fitting his head and arm into a toilet seat rings while spectators watch in a city .	A gentleman with no chest hair , wrangles his manner through a restrooms seats .
entailment	A bare-chested males fitting his head and arm into a bathrooms seat ring while viewers watch in a city .	A contortionist fits his head and shotguns through a restroom seating .
entailment	A bare-chested masculine fitting his head and arm into a bathhouse seating ring while viewers watch in a city .	A contortionist fits his head and firearm through a toilets seats .
entailment	A bare-chested man fitting his head and arm into a bathroom seats rings while spectators watch in a city .	A contortionist fits his head and gunpoint through a bathroom seat .
entailment	A man walks along with a can of soda in his hand .	A person walks along with a can of soda in his hand .
entailment	A masculine walks along with a can of soda in his hand .	A individuals walks along with a can of soda in his hand .
entailment	A mens walks along with a can of soda in his hand .	A person walks along with a can of soda in his hand .
entailment	Two woman walk down a pavement along a busy street in a downtown sphere .	The woman were walking downtown
entailment	Two women walk down a pavement along a busy street in a downtown sphere .	The woman were walking downtown
entailment	Two female walk down a pavement along a busy street in a downtown areas .	The woman were walking downtown
entailment	Some masculine in burgundy coats attempt to push a motors in the snowy .	There are man trying to push a auto in snowy .
entailment	Some man in burgundy coats try to push a vehicle in the snowy .	There are males trying to push a vehicular in snowy .
entailment	Some men in burgundy coats attempt to push a automobile in the snow .	There are man trying to push a vehicular in snowy .
entailment	Two adolescence are swim in a pool .	Two miners are wet .
entailment	Two youngsters are swim in a pool .	Two smaller are wet .
entailment	Two teenagers are swim in a pool .	Two young are wet .
entailment	Women in costume stand on a stage .	The females are on stage .
entailment	Women in costume stand on a stages .	The female are on stages .
entailment	Women in costume stand on a stages .	The females are on stages .
entailment	The masculine is trying to make a ceramic that he can market soon .	An seniors males is making ceramic to sell .
entailment	The masculine is trying to make a ceramic that he can marketplace soon .	An senior man is making pottery to sale .
entailment	The men is trying to make a ceramic that he can marketplace soon .	An seniors men is making ceramics to sells .
entailment	The men is trying to make a ceramics that he can marketplace soon .	A male is making ceramic .
entailment	The males is trying to make a ceramics that he can market soon .	A mens is making ceramic .
entailment	The masculine is trying to make a pottery that he can market soon .	A mens is making ceramic .
entailment	A adolescent boy sits outdoor in a grassy field with his back turned towards the viewer - he is holding a woods toy that can be spun between your hands and initiate into the airplane .	A teens plays outdoors .
entailment	A youngsters boy sits outside in a grassy field with his back turned toward the viewfinder - he is holding a timber toy that can be spun between your hands and commence into the aerial .	A adolescent plays outdoors .
entailment	A teens boy sits outside in a grassy field with his back turned towards the viewer - he is holding a wood toy that can be spun between your hands and commence into the midair .	A juveniles plays outdoors .
entailment	A men in a red shirt is sitting on top of a rocky mountain .	A mens sitting on top of a mountain .
entailment	A men in a red shirt is sitting on top of a rocky mountain .	A man sitting on top of a mountain .
entailment	A mens in a red shirt is sitting on top of a rocky mountain .	A males sitting on top of a mountain .
entailment	Many people standing outside of a place talking to each other in front of a building that has a sign that says `` HI-POINTE . ''	The panel of people are n't inide of the building .
entailment	Many people standing outer of a placing conversation to each other in front of a building that has a sign that says `` HI-POINTE . ''	The group of people are n't inide of the building .
entailment	Many people standing outside of a placing discussions to each other in front of a building that has a sign that says `` HI-POINTE . ''	The grouping of people are n't inide of the building .
entailment	Bicyclist ride the course near the marines as the day comes to an end .	The mopeds was riding near the oceanic at sunset .
entailment	Bicyclist ride the course near the ocean as the day comes to an end .	The cyclist was riding near the oceans at sunset .
entailment	Bicyclist ride the course near the marine as the day comes to an ends .	The bicycling was riding near the oceanic at sunset .
entailment	A panels of smiling people are posing outdoors for a images .	A crowd of people are taking a photos outside .
entailment	A groups of smiling people are posing outdoors for a picture .	A crowd of people are taking a photographs exterior .
entailment	A panels of smiling people are posing outdoors for a photographing .	A crowd of people are taking a photographer outside .
entailment	A women is taking a photographer of a daughters on a scooter .	A woman is taking a photograph .
entailment	A female is taking a pictures of a girls on a scooter .	A women is taking a photos .
entailment	A women is taking a pictures of a daughters on a scooter .	A woman is taking a photographer .
entailment	A teenage stands in a shower with garments on .	A dressed teenager is in the shower
entailment	A underage stands in a shower with clothes on .	A dressed adolescence is in the shower
entailment	A youthful stands in a shower with apparel on .	A attired child is in the shower
entailment	A solo shot of a males riding a four wheeler in an atv events .	The men is entered in a events .
entailment	A solo shot of a man riding a four wheeler in an atv event .	The male is entered in a event .
entailment	A solo shot of a men riding a four wheeler in an atv event .	The man is entered in a events .
entailment	Two mens cool off under a waterfall .	Two mens are under a waterfall .
entailment	Two mens cooling off under a waterfall .	Two men are under a waterfall .
entailment	Two mens cool off under a waterfall .	Two masculine are under a waterfall .
entailment	A men in a white striped shirt and blue jeans using a water hose to spray water on the ground of concrete ruins.Fo .	The hose is being used .
entailment	A male in a white striped shirt and blue jeans using a water hose to sprinkler water on the ground of concrete ruins.Fo .	The hose is being used .
entailment	A masculine in a white striped shirt and blue jeans using a water hose to sprinkler water on the ground of concrete ruins.Fo .	The hose is being used .
entailment	A man in a white striped shirt and blue jeans using a water hose to sprinkler water on the ground of concrete ruins.Fo .	A mens is sprays water on concrete .
entailment	A mens in a white striped shirt and blue jeans using a water hose to spraying water on the ground of concrete ruins.Fo .	A male is spray water on concrete .
entailment	A masculine in a white striped shirt and blue jeans using a water hose to spray water on the ground of concrete ruins.Fo .	A mens is spray water on concrete .
entailment	A males and his son riding motorbike down the pavement .	a male and a boy were riding cycle through city on the sidewalk
entailment	A mens and his son riding bicycles down the pavement .	a males and a boy were riding bicycling through city on the sidewalk
entailment	A mens and his sons riding moped down the pavement .	a man and a boy were riding cyclist through town on the sidewalk
entailment	An Asian youth woman wearing a white shirt and negro underclothes is holding a pink purses .	The females has a white shirt on .
entailment	An Asian adolescence women wearing a white shirt and negro breeches is holding a pink knapsack .	The females has a white shirt on .
entailment	An Asian adolescent women wearing a white shirt and negro breeches is holding a pink satchel .	The women has a white shirt on .
entailment	An Asian children female wearing a white shirt and negro underpants is holding a pink satchel .	The female is holding a purse .
entailment	An Asian children female wearing a white shirt and negro underpants is holding a pink satchel .	The woman is holding a bags .
entailment	An Asian youngsters women wearing a white shirt and negro trousers is holding a pink rucksack .	The females is holding a satchel .
entailment	A panels of male are riding a moving walkway .	A moving walkway has a group of masculine riding on it .
entailment	A panel of masculine are riding a moving walkway .	A moving walkway has a grouping of men riding on it .
entailment	A grouping of men are riding a moving walkway .	A moving walkway has a panel of man riding on it .
entailment	Six males in airport standing on moving walkway	There is a panel of people at the airport .
entailment	Six mens in airport standing on moving walkway	There is a group of people at the airfield .
entailment	Six mens in airfield standing on moving walkway	There is a grouping of people at the airport .
entailment	A persons in a red jacket and a red strenuous hat stands near a mountain .	A person is situated near a mountain .
entailment	A persons in a red jacket and a red strenuous hat stands near a mountain .	A individuals is situated near a mountain .
entailment	A persons in a red jacket and a red harsh hat stands near a mountain .	A individuals is situated near a mountain .
entailment	Kids work at computers with a teachers 's helping .	The youths are learned .
entailment	Kids work at computer with a teacher 's assistance .	The miner are learns .
entailment	Kids work at computer with a professors 's aids .	The youth are learning .
entailment	Kids work at computer with a teacher 's assisting .	The teenaged sit in front of computer .
entailment	Kids work at computers with a professors 's assists .	The minor sit in front of computers .
entailment	Kids work at computer with a teachers 's assist .	The adolescents sit in front of computers .
entailment	The male in the negro shirt is showing the men in the orange shirt something that he has for sell .	Two man are next to each other .
entailment	The men in the negro shirt is showing the males in the orange shirt something that he has for sold .	Two man are next to each other .
entailment	The men in the negro shirt is showing the man in the orange shirt something that he has for sell .	Two male are next to each other .
entailment	The girl walk down the street .	Girls walk down the street .
entailment	The girls walk down the street .	Girls walk down the street .
entailment	The daughters walk down the street .	Girls walk down the street .
entailment	A lonely person in a long , black trench coat and scarf and carry a red handbag goes past an apparently-closed cafe at nighttime , with the text `` CAFE DE FLO '' visible on the cafe canopy banner .	A persons walks by a cafe .
entailment	A lonesome person in a long , negro trench coat and scarf and carrying a red wallets goes past an apparently-closed cafe at nighttime , with the texts `` CAFE DE FLO '' visible on the cafe canopy banner .	A person walks by a cafe .
entailment	A lonely persons in a long , negro trench coat and scarf and carrying a red satchel goes past an apparently-closed cafe at overnight , with the text `` CAFE DE FLO '' visible on the cafe canopy banner .	A person walks by a cafe .
entailment	A females holding rucksack behind plantains .	A dame is holding an object to contain items while she is behind fruit .
entailment	A female holding sac behind plantains .	A lady is holding an object to contain item while she is behind fruit .
entailment	A woman holding bag behind plantains .	A lady is holding an object to contain items while she is behind fruit .
entailment	Three soccer players , two in orange one in yellow , running for the ball on a soccer field .	There are some gamers pursues a ball .
entailment	Three soccer gamers , two in orange one in yellow , running for the ball on a soccer field .	There are some gamers hunt a ball .
entailment	Three soccer players , two in orange one in yellow , running for the ball on a soccer field .	There are some gamers chase a ball .
entailment	A masculine is sitting on the floor and is surrounded by photographs .	A male sitting on the floor with photographic around him .
entailment	A male is sitting on the floor and is surrounded by photo .	A male sitting on the floor with photographer around him .
entailment	A man is sitting on the floor and is surrounded by photos .	A masculine sitting on the floor with photo around him .
entailment	A males is sitting on the floor and is surrounded by photographer .	A masculine sitting on the floor with photographing around him .
entailment	A men is sitting on the floor and is surrounded by photographs .	A man sitting on the floor with picture around him .
entailment	A man is sitting on the floor and is surrounded by photographed .	A mens sitting on the floor with picture around him .
entailment	a females in a brown attire searching at papers in front of a class .	A women is checks out papers .
entailment	a women in a brown attire search at papers in front of a class .	A females is checks out papers .
entailment	a woman in a brown dress quest at papers in front of a class .	A female is check out papers .
entailment	A classroom of primarily woman is being shown a presentation .	The university class of primarily female watched a presentation .
entailment	A classroom of mainly women is being shown a presentation .	The university class of basically female watched a presentation .
entailment	A classroom of basically females is being shown a presentations .	The academic class of mainly women watched a presentation .
entailment	A classroom of primarily women is being shown a presentation .	The class of mostly female watched a presentations .
entailment	A classroom of mainly female is being shown a presentations .	The class of basically women watched a presentations .
entailment	A classroom of basically female is being shown a presentations .	The class of mostly females watched a presentation .
entailment	A swimmer is performing the breaststroke in an indoor swimming pool set up for a contest .	A swimmer is swimming
entailment	A swimmer is performing the breaststroke in an inner swim pool set up for a competition .	A swimmer is swimming
entailment	A swimmer is performing the breaststroke in an inner swim pool set up for a competitions .	A swimmer is swimming
entailment	A teenager medium east ma in high heels , holding her teenaged children as he lays his head on her shoulder asleep , is gazing out the window .	A woman holding her sleeping sons looks out a window .
entailment	A smaller middle oriental mommy in high heels , holding her children adolescent as he lays his head on her shoulder asleep , is gazing out the window .	A women holding her slumber sons looks out a window .
entailment	A youthful middle eastern mother in high heels , holding her teens youthful as he lays his head on her shoulder asleep , is gazing out the window .	A females holding her slumber sons looks out a window .
entailment	Band plays in tight quarters .	The band is playing .
entailment	Band plays in tight quarters .	The bands is playing .
entailment	Band plays in tight quarters .	The bands is playing .
entailment	Three women sit together near woven walls .	Three women sit together .
entailment	Three female sit together near woven walls .	Three female sit together .
entailment	Three females sit together near woven walls .	Three woman sit together .
entailment	A band playing on stage in a club .	Musicians are play their instruments at a venue
entailment	A band playing on stage in a club .	Musicians are playing their instruments at a venue
entailment	A bands playing on stages in a club .	Musicians are play their instruments at a venue
entailment	A blond females in a white shirt demonstrates her talents to a crowd .	A women performs for the crowd .
entailment	A blond woman in a white shirt demonstrates her talents to a crowd .	A females performs for the crowd .
entailment	A blond woman in a white shirt demonstrates her talents to a crowd .	A female performs for the crowd .
entailment	A blond woman in a white shirt demonstrates her talents to a crowd .	The female is a street performer .
entailment	A blond woman in a white shirt demonstrates her talents to a crowd .	The females is a street performer .
entailment	A blond females in a white shirt demonstrates her talents to a crowd .	The women is a street performer .
entailment	A males play an electricity guitar on stage .	A masculine play guitar on stage .
entailment	A man play an electrified guitar on stage .	A man play guitar on stage .
entailment	A men play an electricity guitar on stages .	A mens play guitar on stage .
entailment	A men wearing a red uniform and helmet stands on his bicycling .	a persons standing .
entailment	A men wearing a red uniforms and helmet stands on his bicycle .	a person standing .
entailment	A man wearing a red uniforms and helmet stands on his biking .	a person standing .
entailment	Three smaller male are play soccer in the beach wearing shorts and beach frock while some people watch	Three adolescent male are playing soccer in the beach wearing shorts
entailment	Three teens males are play soccer in the beach wearing shorts and beach frock while some people watch	Three teenager masculine are playing soccer in the beach wearing shorts
entailment	Three underage mens are playing soccer in the beach wearing shorts and beach garb while some people watch	Three kids men are play soccer in the beach wearing shorts
entailment	A persons in full astronaut suit and gear trains in an underwater darkroom as a dive diver aids .	An astronaut training submarine .
entailment	A individuals in full astronaut suit and gear trains in an underwater labs as a dive diver aiding .	An astronaut training submarine .
entailment	A persons in full astronaut suit and gear trains in an underwater labs as a diving diver assist .	An astronaut training underwater .
entailment	A worker is doing a job on scaffolding .	A humanity working
entailment	A worker is doing a job on scaffolding .	A mankind working
entailment	A worker is doing a job on scaffolding .	A humanity working
entailment	A male gets a skateboarding up on a jumbo rock .	The guy is on a rock with a skateboard .
entailment	A masculine gets a skateboard up on a enormous rock .	The guy is on a rock with a skateboard .
entailment	A man gets a skateboarding up on a enormous rock .	The guy is on a rock with a skateboarding .
entailment	A man gets a skateboard up on a large rock .	The skateboarder is near a rock .
entailment	A male gets a skateboarding up on a jumbo rock .	The skateboarder is near a rock .
entailment	A males gets a skateboard up on a big rock .	The skateboarder is near a rock .
entailment	A man wearing a red uniformed and helmet stands on his motorbike .	a masculine standing on his motorbikes .
entailment	A man wearing a red standardized and helmet stands on his motorcycle .	a man standing on his motorcycles .
entailment	A men wearing a red standardized and helmet stands on his bicycling .	a masculine standing on his moped .
entailment	A males is steering his surveys out at sea .	A male pilots his yachting .
entailment	A man is steering his ships out at seas .	A male pilots his examining .
entailment	A mens is steering his boats out at seas .	A masculine pilots his browse .
entailment	One females taking a photographed of a seconds woman as she leans on a table .	Women taking photographic of each other .
entailment	One females taking a photographer of a seconds female as she leans on a tables .	Women taking photo of each other .
entailment	One female taking a images of a seconds women as she leans on a tables .	Women taking photo of each other .
entailment	A mens wearing black underpants rides along a concrete ledge on rollerblades .	The ledge is made of a hard substance .
entailment	A mens wearing black trousers rides along a concrete ledge on rollerblades .	The ledge is made of a strenuous substance .
entailment	A males wearing black underclothes rides along a concrete ledge on rollerblades .	The ledge is made of a arduous substance .
entailment	A games of rugby in which 2 players are attempting to stopping there adversary from catching a ball in aeroplane .	The players are play rugby .
entailment	A games of rugby in which 2 players are attempting to stopping there opponent from catching a ball in airline .	The gamers are play rugby .
entailment	A games of rugby in which 2 players are attempting to stopping there opponent from catching a ball in aeroplane .	The players are play rugby .
entailment	A male of the cloth puts a black substance on a man 's forehead .	The male puts something on the other mans head .
entailment	A man of the cloth puts a black substance on a male 's brow .	The men puts something on the other mans head .
entailment	A men of the cloth puts a black substance on a men 's brow .	The males puts something on the other mans head .
entailment	An aged woman is sitting in a chairs on one side of a room with a panel of musicians , including a cellist and guitar player , and on the other side of the rooms , a group of people are sitting on chair .	A females is sitting in a chairs .
entailment	An antique women is sitting in a chair on one side of a rooms with a group of musicians , including a cellist and guitar player , and on the other side of the rooms , a group of people are sitting on chair .	A woman is sitting in a chairs .
entailment	An aging women is sitting in a chairs on one side of a room with a panels of musicians , including a cellist and guitar player , and on the other side of the room , a panels of people are sitting on chairs .	A woman is sitting in a chairs .
entailment	A monumental number of people are watching men dressed in kilts , one of whom has thrown a lengthy poles .	people watch men in kilts
entailment	A mammoth number of people are watching mens clothed in kilts , one of whom has thrown a long poles .	people watch male in kilts
entailment	A enormous number of people are watching men attired in kilts , one of whom has thrown a long pole .	people watch mens in kilts
entailment	A males wearing a kilt has thrown a large pole .	A person threw a pole .
entailment	A males wearing a kilt has thrown a big pole .	A persons threw a poles .
entailment	A mens wearing a kilt has thrown a gigantic poles .	A person threw a pole .
entailment	A masculine wearing a kilt has thrown a jumbo poles .	A male is wearing a skirt .
entailment	A men wearing a kilt has thrown a overwhelming poles .	A male is wearing a skirt .
entailment	A men wearing a kilt has thrown a heavy pole .	A masculine is wearing a skirt .
entailment	Kids out in front of a building doing tourist .	Kids are sightseeing
entailment	Kids out in front of a building doing tourist .	Kids are sightseeing
entailment	Kids out in front of a building doing sightseeing .	Kids are sightseeing
entailment	A females is lurks on her stomach on a white pillow and crying .	A females is crying .
entailment	A female is lying on her tummy on a white pillow and crying .	A female is crying .
entailment	A women is lurks on her abdomen on a white pillow and crying .	A female is crying .
entailment	Women in red are performing with nun-chucks .	Women are wielding nun-chucks .
entailment	Women in red are performing with nun-chucks .	Women are wielding nun-chucks .
entailment	Women in red are performing with nun-chucks .	Women are wielding nun-chucks .
entailment	Six masculine in tuxedos stand next to a negro metallic fence outboard the back doors of a marble building .	Sin male are in tuxedos
entailment	Six mens in tuxedos stand next to a black metal fences outdoor the back doors of a marble building .	Sin male are in tuxedos
entailment	Six masculine in tuxedos stand next to a negro metallic fencing outside the back doors of a marble building .	Sin man are in tuxedos
entailment	A individuals rolls down a hill riding a wagon as another watches .	Two people are outside .
entailment	A persons rolls down a hill riding a wagon as another watches .	Two people are exterior .
entailment	A individuals rolls down a hill riding a wagon as another watches .	Two people are exterior .
entailment	This is a twist , turn roller coaster ride , filled with people .	The roller coaster ride is filled with people .
entailment	This is a twist , turn roller coaster ride , filled with people .	The roller coaster ride is filled with people .
entailment	This is a twisting , turning roller coaster ride , filled with people .	The roller coaster ride is filled with people .
entailment	A caucasian masculine wearing red scotsman bottoms and a negro vest with hefty buttons with a tattoo on one arm has an upside down unicycle balance on his mouth .	A male is holding a unicycle in a curious way .
entailment	A caucasians masculine wearing red scotsman bottoms and a negro vest with huge buttons with a tattoo on one arm has an upside down unicycle balance on his mouth .	A males is holding a unicycle in a curious way .
entailment	A caucasian mens wearing red whisky bottoms and a black vest with overwhelming buttons with a tattoo on one arm has an upside down unicycle balancing on his mouth .	A masculine is holding a unicycle in a curious way .
entailment	adolescent practice karate move	A child is practicing .
entailment	youthful practise karate move	A adolescent is practising .
entailment	adolescents practise kicks move	A teens is practise .
entailment	Some teen are playing soccer in front of a hefty timber door .	The miners are playing soccer .
entailment	Some youths are play soccer in front of a massive lumber gate .	The minors are play soccer .
entailment	Some teen are playing soccer in front of a hefty wood gate .	The children are playing soccer .
entailment	Rock bands on stage immersed in light show .	There is a light show .
entailment	Rock band on stage immersed in light show .	There is a light show .
entailment	Rock band on stages immersed in light show .	There is a light show .
entailment	The Sooner football player carry the ball is trying to avoided being tackled .	A football player is holding a ball .
entailment	The Sooner football player carrying the ball is trying to avoiding being tackled .	A football player is holding a ball .
entailment	The Sooner football player carry the ball is trying to avoiding being tackled .	A football player is holding a ball .
entailment	A females with a black sac and a red coat is sitting on a pillar of concrete .	There is one women in this picture .
entailment	A woman with a negro handbags and a red coat is sitting on a pillar of concrete .	There is one woman in this pictures .
entailment	A women with a black backpack and a red coat is sitting on a pillar of concrete .	There is one females in this photographs .
entailment	A panels of people standing around smiling , and in the background are more people and homemade signs .	A panels of people are standing around with smiles are their confronts , and in the background are more people and handmade signs .
entailment	A panels of people standing around smiling , and in the background are more people and handmade signs .	A group of people are standing around with smiles are their confronts , and in the background are more people and handmade signs .
entailment	A group of people standing around smiling , and in the background are more people and homemade signs .	A grouping of people are standing around with smiles are their confronts , and in the background are more people and handmade signs .
entailment	A group of people standing around smiling , and in the background are more people and handmade signs .	There is a grouping of people standing around and smiling .
entailment	A panels of people standing around smiling , and in the background are more people and homemade signs .	There is a grouping of people standing around and smiling .
entailment	A grouping of people standing around smiling , and in the background are more people and handmade signs .	There is a panel of people standing around and smiling .
entailment	A little boy with a shirt , shorts and socks on , standing on the beach .	A boy is standing in sand .
entailment	A petite boy with a shirt , shorts and socks on , standing on the beach .	A boy is standing in sand .
entailment	A small boy with a shirt , shorts and socks on , standing on the beach .	A boy is standing in sand .
entailment	Three woman talk to each other next to another women sitting on a cyclist .	Three females are talking and there is a women on a motorcyle .
entailment	Three females talk to each other next to another woman sitting on a motorcycles .	Three woman are conversations and there is a female on a motorcyle .
entailment	Three women talk to each other next to another females sitting on a cyclist .	Three woman are conversation and there is a woman on a motorcyle .
entailment	Male wearing brown shorts and negro t-shirt in his chamber with his footing on the desk conversations on the telephones .	A male is in his homes .
entailment	Male wearing brown shorts and black t-shirt in his chamber with his footing on the desk discussions on the telephone .	A man is in his homes .
entailment	Male wearing brown shorts and negro t-shirt in his chamber with his footing on the desk discussions on the telephones .	A man is in his house .
entailment	A group of uniformed officers in a street wearing a blend of gas masks and face shields .	The officer are outdoor .
entailment	A group of uniformed officers in a street wearing a blends of gas masks and face shields .	The officers are outboard .
entailment	A panel of uniformed officers in a street wearing a blend of gas masks and face shields .	The officers are outside .
entailment	Street salesmen preparing and serving grilled food .	Food is being readies and served .
entailment	Street dealers preparing and serving grilled food .	Food is being poised and served .
entailment	Street shopkeeper preparing and serving grilled food .	Food is being readies and served .
entailment	a boy holding onto the wall of an archaic brick housing 's raised basics .	a boy is against the wall of a raised foundation
entailment	a boy holding onto the wall of an antiquated brick dwelling 's raised basics .	a boy is against the wall of a raised foundation
entailment	a boy holding onto the wall of an antique brick homes 's raised foundation .	a boy is against the wall of a raised foundation
entailment	A male dressed in a surfing shirt and blue and white shorts skilfully fliers his yellow board with its multicolored sailboat over the crest of an marina wave , flipping over in the process .	a male surfs
entailment	A men clothed in a surf shirt and blue and white shorts skilfully manual his yellow board with its multicolored investigates over the crest of an navy wave , flipping over in the process .	a masculine surfs
entailment	A males dressed in a surfer shirt and blue and white shorts skilfully pamphlet his yellow board with its multicolored yacht over the crest of an oceans wave , flipping over in the process .	a masculine surfs
entailment	A man windsurfer surf on some blue waves with his yellow surfboard and red and white survey it looks as though he is roughly to fall into the water because he is suspended in the airplane sideways .	The male is windsurfing on the oceanic .
entailment	A man windsurfer surfing on some blue waves with his yellow surfboard and red and white studied it looks as though he is roughly to fall into the water because he is suspended in the airlines sideways .	The male is windsurfing on the oceans .
entailment	A man windsurfer surfing on some blue waves with his yellow surfboard and red and white surveys it looks as though he is roughly to fall into the water because he is suspended in the air sideways .	The man is windsurfing on the marines .
entailment	A crowd watching a duo in blue dances on a stages .	A crowd is watching people dance .
entailment	A crowd watching a duo in blue dance on a stages .	A crowd is watching people dancing .
entailment	A crowd watching a duo in blue dance on a stages .	A crowd is watching people dances .
entailment	A male is using what looks to be a fax machine .	A individuals is using what looks to be a fax machine .
entailment	A masculine is using what looks to be a fax machine .	A persons is using what looks to be a fax machine .
entailment	A men is using what looks to be a fax machine .	A individuals is using what looks to be a fax machine .
entailment	A miner in a blue and white striped shirt crosses his rifles and smiles while standing on red carpeted stairs .	A youngsters youth is smiling .
entailment	A underage in a blue and white striped shirt crosses his shotguns and smiles while standing on red carpeted stairs .	A miner underage is smiling .
entailment	A teenagers in a blue and white striped shirt crosses his pistol and smiles while standing on red carpeted stairs .	A adolescents juveniles is smiling .
entailment	An Asian man walks a three-wheeled pedal cards totally of white rucksack .	An Asian male transporting a group of pockets .
entailment	An Asian males walks a three-wheeled pedal valentines completely of white rucksack .	An Asian males transport a group of bags .
entailment	An Asian man walks a three-wheeled pedal valentines totally of white backpack .	An Asian masculine transportation a groups of knapsack .
entailment	An Asian mens is pray at a Buddhist temple .	A men is practicing his religion .
entailment	An Asian masculine is praying at a Buddhist temple .	A male is practicing his religion .
entailment	An Asian males is praying at a Buddhist temple .	A men is practise his religion .
entailment	Bruce Springsteen , with one arm outstretched , is singing in the spotlight in a dark concert hall .	Bruce Springsteen is a singer .
entailment	Bruce Springsteen , with one arm outstretched , is singing in the spotlight in a dark concert hall .	Bruce Springsteen is a singer .
entailment	Bruce Springsteen , with one arm outstretched , is sung in the spotlight in a dark concert hall .	Bruce Springsteen is a singer .
entailment	A band performing at a local bar or club .	The bands is play music
entailment	A bands performing at a local bar or club .	The bands is playing music
entailment	A band performing at a local bar or club .	The bands is play music
entailment	Two teens men climbing a tree overlooking a agriculture setting , with one of them out far on a limb and clutching a white helmet .	Two people are climb something .
entailment	Two youngsters masculine climb a tree overlooking a agriculture setting , with one of them out far on a limb and clutching a white helmet .	Two people are climbing something .
entailment	Two youth masculine climb a trees overlooking a agricultural setting , with one of them out far on a limb and clutching a white helmet .	Two people are climb something .
entailment	A boy in shorts doing a skateboard ploy .	a boy engaged in a recess activity
entailment	A boy in shorts doing a skateboard trick .	a boy engaged in a leisure activity
entailment	A boy in shorts doing a skateboarding trick .	a boy engaged in a recreation activity
entailment	A men looks at an iPad on a underpass , while a beautiful woman reads a book .	Two people are occupies with multiple content .
entailment	A men looks at an iPad on a underpass , while a beautiful women reads a book .	Two people are occupies with assorted content .
entailment	A males looks at an iPad on a underground , while a beautiful woman reads a book .	Two people are occupies with myriad content .
entailment	A minors men in a straw hat , jeans , and a scotsman shirt sweeps dust from stone steps in front of a stone building .	a men sweeps
entailment	A minor man in a straw hat , jeans , and a scotch shirt sweeps dust from stone steps in front of a stone building .	a males sweeps
entailment	A minors male in a straw hat , jeans , and a plaid shirt sweeps dust from stone steps in front of a stone building .	a men sweeps
entailment	A panels of people wearing white robes with flame pattern posing for a photo at some sort of festival .	The panel of people are clothed alike .
entailment	A groups of people wearing white robes with flame pattern posing for a photographs at some kind of festival .	The panel of people are attired alike .
entailment	A grouping of people wearing white gowns with flame pattern posing for a photographed at some sorted of festival .	The panels of people are attired alike .
entailment	A woman sits in a marketplace where she sale goods with her dog .	A saleswoman in a market .
entailment	A female sits in a markets where she sold wares with her dog .	A saleswoman in a markets .
entailment	A female sits in a market where she sold wares with her dog .	A saleswoman in a markets .
entailment	Two workers with leaf blowers blow orange leaves off patches of grass next to a wet pavement .	Two people outdoors
entailment	Two workers with leaf blowers blow orange leaves off patches of grass next to a wet pavement .	Two people outdoors
entailment	Two workers with leaf blowers blow orange leaves off patches of grass next to a wet sidewalk .	Two people outdoors
entailment	A petite boy wearing a blue shirt plays in the kiddie pool .	Boy in a pool
entailment	A small boy wearing a blue shirt plays in the kiddie pool .	Boy in a pool
entailment	A petite boy wearing a blue shirt plays in the kiddie pool .	Boy in a pool
entailment	Africans are walking down a dirt road with straw huts in the background .	The people are walking in the dirt
entailment	Africans are walking down a dirt routing with straw huts in the background .	The people are walking in the dirt
entailment	Africans are walking down a dirt road with straw huts in the background .	The people are walking in the dirt
entailment	Men work on a city street .	The man are working
entailment	Men work on a town street .	The mens are working
entailment	Men work on a town street .	The men are working
entailment	Six dogs swim in a river .	Six dogs are outdoors .
entailment	Six dogs swim in a river .	Six dogs are outdoors .
entailment	Six dogs swim in a river .	Six dogs are outdoors .
entailment	A dark-skinned masculine wearing a green chap backwards on his head grins in a crowd .	A mens in the crowd is wearing his hat backward .
entailment	A dark-skinned male wearing a green caps backwards on his head grins in a crowd .	A masculine in the crowd is wearing his hat backwards .
entailment	A dark-skinned man wearing a green ceilings backwards on his head grins in a crowd .	A man in the crowd is wearing his hat backward .
entailment	A dark-skinned man wearing a green caps backwards on his head grins in a crowd .	The mens in the green ceilings finds something funny .
entailment	A dark-skinned man wearing a green chap backwards on his head grins in a crowd .	The males in the green ceiling finds something funny .
entailment	A dark-skinned men wearing a green chap backwards on his head grins in a crowd .	The mens in the green chaps finds something funny .
entailment	A gras females wearing faint blue top is blowing soap bubble .	A gras females is wearing a shirt .
entailment	A fat woman wearing faint blue top is blowing soap bubble .	A gras woman is wearing a shirt .
entailment	A gras woman wearing faint blue top is blowing soap bubble .	A gras women is wearing a shirt .
entailment	A man is swim with a little girls wearing a pink vie jacket in an inside pool	A male is swimming in an internal pool .
entailment	A male is swimming with a small girl wearing a pink lifetime jacket in an inland pool	A male is swim in an internal pool .
entailment	A masculine is swimming with a little girl wearing a pink life jacket in an inland pool	A males is swim in an indoor pool .
entailment	Man chopping woods with an axe .	A man is cut lumber .
entailment	Man chopping wooden with an ax .	A male is chop woods .
entailment	Man chopping wood with an hatchet .	A men is chop woods .
entailment	Man chopping woods with an ax .	The male is outdoor .
entailment	Man chopping timber with an hatchet .	The males is outer .
entailment	Man chopping timber with an axe .	The masculine is exterior .
entailment	An older gentleman wearing a hat is walking on crutches next to a busy street .	An masculine on crutches is outdoor .
entailment	An senior gentleman wearing a hat is walking on crutches next to a busy street .	An mens on crutches is exterior .
entailment	An aged gentleman wearing a hat is walking on crutches next to a busy street .	An masculine on crutches is outdoor .
entailment	Two workers stretch the canvas of the advertisement billboard for free range chickens to be appended on a billboard .	Two people work outer .
entailment	Two workers stretching the canvas of the advert billboard for free range chickens to be appended on a billboard .	Two people work exterior .
entailment	Two workers stretch the canvas of the ad billboard for free range chickens to be appended on a billboard .	Two people work exterior .
entailment	Two workers stretch the canvas of the promotional billboard for free range chickens to be appended on a billboard .	Two man work outdoors .
entailment	Two workers stretching the canvas of the promotional billboard for free range chickens to be appended on a billboard .	Two masculine work outdoors .
entailment	Two workers stretch the canvas of the ad billboard for free range chickens to be appended on a billboard .	Two male work outdoors .
entailment	A teens cowboy is riding bucking bronco in an arena .	A cowboy is riding a bronco outer .
entailment	A children cowboy is riding bucking bronco in an arena .	A cowboy is riding a bronco exterior .
entailment	A teens cowboy is riding bucking bronco in an arena .	A cowboy is riding a bronco outer .
entailment	A youths man , wearing a T-shirt that says Joplin , plays the guitar in front of a huge amplifier .	The miner men is a guitar player
entailment	A youthful men , wearing a T-shirt that says Joplin , plays the guitar in front of a enormous amplifier .	The minors man is a guitar player
entailment	A children male , wearing a T-shirt that says Joplin , plays the guitar in front of a gigantic amplifier .	The youngsters males is a guitar player
entailment	An elder mens is smiling while sitting in front of a row of soda cans .	An elderly man smiles in front of soda cans .
entailment	An elder man is smiling while sitting in front of a row of soda cans .	An older mens smiles in front of soda cans .
entailment	An older masculine is smiling while sitting in front of a row of soda cans .	An aging men smiles in front of soda cans .
entailment	A toddler , sitting next to another girls who is slightly antique , is using a bubble machine to blow a jumbo bubble into the airways .	A toddler and little daughters are blowing bubbles .
entailment	A toddler , sitting next to another girl who is slightly archaic , is using a bubble machine to blow a mammoth bubble into the airlines .	A toddler and little daughter are blowing bubbles .
entailment	A toddler , sitting next to another daughter who is slightly senior , is using a bubble machine to blow a enormous bubble into the aerial .	A toddler and little daughter are blowing bubbles .
entailment	Two masculine are standing in a freshly razed field at the frontier of a forester , while a bulldozer sits idling nearby .	Two males are standing near an idle bulldozer .
entailment	Two males are standing in a freshly razed field at the limits of a forests , while a bulldozer sits idle vicinity .	Two men are standing near an idle bulldozer .
entailment	Two man are standing in a freshly razed field at the limit of a forester , while a bulldozer sits idling vicinity .	Two man are standing near an idling bulldozer .
entailment	Two soccer players are going after the ball .	There are two soccer players .
entailment	Two soccer players are going after the ball .	There are two soccer players .
entailment	Two soccer players are going after the ball .	There are two soccer players .
entailment	A male and woman are taking a photo of themselves while a female in a scarf walks by them .	A males and women take selfies of themselves .
entailment	A male and females are taking a picture of themselves while a females in a scarf walks by them .	A men and females take selfies of themselves .
entailment	A masculine and women are taking a photography of themselves while a female in a scarf walks by them .	A masculine and female take selfies of themselves .
entailment	An older males discussions to a adolescent boy by a table of produce .	a old males was talking
entailment	An old males talking to a kids boy by a tables of produce .	a old mens was talking
entailment	An aged man conversations to a youngsters boy by a table of produce .	a elders male was talking
entailment	The guitarist performs a rocking solo .	the musician is performing
entailment	The guitarist performs a rocking solo .	the musician is performing
entailment	The guitarist performs a rocking solo .	the musician is performing
entailment	Man with bourbon shirt staring off into the distance .	Man staring off into the distance .
entailment	Man with scotland shirt staring off into the distance .	Man staring off into the distance .
entailment	Man with scotland shirt staring off into the distance .	Man staring off into the distance .
entailment	Three grownup are working in a garden near a fencing in the yard .	The three grownup are outdoor in the garden .
entailment	Three grownups are working in a garden near a fence in the yard .	The three adults are outer in the garden .
entailment	Three grownup are working in a garden near a fencing in the yard .	The three adult are outboard in the garden .
entailment	A blond-haired medicine and her African american assistant looking threw new drug flyers .	A drug is quest at a book
entailment	A blond-haired medication and her African america assistant searching threw novel drugs manuals .	A medical is searches at a book
entailment	A blond-haired medication and her African america assistant searches threw new medical fliers .	A physician is quest at a book
entailment	a panels of people dancing together .	People are dances .
entailment	a panels of people dances together .	People are dance .
entailment	a grouping of people dance together .	People are dances .
entailment	A panel of people , mainly in straw hats , follow a male onto a beach covered with many massive rocks .	The male and his follows walk along outside
entailment	A grouping of people , mainly in straw hats , follow a males onto a beach cover with myriad large rocks .	The masculine and his follows walk along outside
entailment	A grouping of people , mainly in straw hats , follow a male onto a beach covered with varied enormous rocks .	The masculine and his follows walk along outside
entailment	A longeared dog running in the grass .	A dog runs in the grass .
entailment	A longeared dog running in the grass .	A dog runs in the grass .
entailment	A longeared dog running in the grass .	A dog runs in the grass .
entailment	The guy in the black jacket is standing on his hand on a checkered rectangle .	A males is engaging in something freestyle .
entailment	The guy in the negro jacket is standing on his hand on a checkered rectangle .	A male is engaging in something acrobatic .
entailment	The guy in the negro jacket is standing on his hand on a checkered rectangle .	A male is engaging in something freestyle .
entailment	A men stands on one hand in the street while a crowd clocks .	A males is standing on his hands .
entailment	A man stands on one hand in the street while a crowd watches .	A masculine is standing on his hands .
entailment	A males stands on one hand in the street while a crowd watches .	A mens is standing on his hands .
entailment	A adolescents burying in the sand .	The teen has sand on him or her .
entailment	A juveniles burying in the sand .	The kids has sand on him or her .
entailment	A teen buried in the sand .	The teen has sand on him or her .
entailment	A petite daughters with pointy braids is sitting in the sand on the beach .	The daughters is sitting on the beach .
entailment	A small girls with pointy pigtails is sitting in the sand on the beach .	The girls is sitting on the beach .
entailment	A little girls with pointy pigtails is sitting in the sand on the beach .	The girls is sitting on the beach .
entailment	A man in a grey shirt and green tie is working with his computer at his office desk .	A male is near a desk and a computer .
entailment	A men in a grey shirt and green tie is working with his computers at his office desk .	A masculine is near a desk and a computers .
entailment	A man in a gray shirt and green tie is working with his computers at his office desk .	A mens is near a desk and a computer .
entailment	A mens is riding a motorbikes in the street .	a bikes is being ridden
entailment	A mens is riding a motorbikes in the street .	a motorbikes is being ridden
entailment	A masculine is riding a bicycling in the street .	a cyclist is being ridden
entailment	A guy on Rollerblades , sliding across a rail .	The rollderblader is using the rail .
entailment	A guy on Rollerblades , sliding across a rail .	The rollderblader is using the rail .
entailment	A guy on Rollerblades , sliding across a rail .	The rollderblader is using the rail .
entailment	A guy on Rollerblades , sliding across a rail .	The skateboarder rides the rail .
entailment	A guy on Rollerblades , sliding across a rail .	The skateboarder rides the rail .
entailment	A guy on Rollerblades , sliding across a rail .	The skateboarder rides the rail .
entailment	Men wearing blue standardized sit on a bus .	Men sit on the bus .
entailment	Men wearing blue uniformed sit on a bus .	Men sit on the bus .
entailment	Men wearing blue uniforms sit on a bus .	Men sit on the bus .
entailment	A minors boy plays on a pile of rocks .	A boy is playing on rocks .
entailment	A kids boy plays on a pile of rocks .	A boy is playing on rocks .
entailment	A adolescents boy plays on a pile of rocks .	A boy is playing on rocks .
entailment	One man cutting through ice on a icy day .	The men is cutting through icing .
entailment	One men chop through ice on a colder day .	The men is cut through frosting .
entailment	One masculine chop through icing on a chilly day .	The mens is cutting through frosting .
entailment	Three dogs run through the grass while wearing colored shirts .	There are animal outdoors
entailment	Three dogs run through the grass while wearing colored shirts .	There are animals outdoors
entailment	Three dogs run through the grass while wearing colored shirts .	There are animals outdoors
entailment	A masculine in a pinstriped suit walks down the street and does n't notices the quirky poster on his left .	A mens has sportswear on and is outboard walking down the street .
entailment	A male in a pinstriped suit walks down the street and does n't notice the quirky poster on his left .	A masculine has clothing on and is outdoor walking down the street .
entailment	A men in a pinstriped suit walks down the street and does n't notices the quirky placard on his left .	A mens has clothes on and is outside walking down the street .
entailment	A female wearing a gray jacket and visibly laugh is seated next to a female who is wearing a dark blue sweater and is smirking .	The two female are amused .
entailment	A females wearing a grey jacket and visibly laughing is seated next to a female who is wearing a dark blue sweater and is smirking .	The two females are amused .
entailment	A females wearing a gray jacket and visibly laughing is seated next to a females who is wearing a dark blue sweater and is smirking .	The two female are amused .
entailment	A females with a blue hat and blue and red jacket setting up a camera on a tripod .	A females is setting up a camera on a tripod
entailment	A female with a blue hat and blue and red jacket setting up a camera on a tripod .	A woman is setting up a camera on a tripod
entailment	A females with a blue hat and blue and red jacket setting up a camera on a tripod .	A females is setting up a camera on a tripod
entailment	A individuals rides a bike on a dirt path surrounded by tree .	The person is outdoors .
entailment	A person rides a bike on a dirt pathway surrounded by trees .	The person is outdoors .
entailment	A person rides a cycling on a dirt paths surrounded by tree .	The persons is outdoors .
entailment	a mens grabs his crotch during a politics demonstration .	The masculine is making a coarse gesture .
entailment	a male grabs his crotch during a political demonstration .	The masculine is making a coarse gesture .
entailment	a mens grabs his crotch during a political demonstration .	The man is making a rough gesture .
entailment	A dog and a cow playing together internal the fence .	A dog and cow are outer .
entailment	A dog and a cow playing together inside the fence .	A dog and cow are exterior .
entailment	A dog and a cow playing together inner the fence .	A dog and cow are outside .
entailment	A youth mens , wearing a white shirt , prepares hotdogs on a small grille .	A kid mens is grilling food .
entailment	A kid mens , wearing a white shirt , prepares hotdogs on a petite grill .	A kid masculine is grilling food .
entailment	A kid mens , wearing a white shirt , prepares hotdogs on a little grill .	A miners male is grilling food .
entailment	Two man climbing on a wood scaffold .	Two people climbing on a lumber scaffold .
entailment	Two masculine climb on a woods scaffold .	Two people climb on a lumber scaffold .
entailment	Two man climb on a wood scaffold .	Two people climbing on a woods scaffold .
entailment	People search at their reflection and the reflection of a city in a lengthy irregular shaped mirror	People audit out their reflection .
entailment	People searching at their reflection and the reflection of a town in a long irregular shaped mirror	People checks out their reflection .
entailment	People looking at their reflection and the reflection of a city in a lengthy irregular shaped mirror	People checking out their reflection .
entailment	A petite youths is riding in a red wagon .	A teen is in a wagon .
entailment	A small child is riding in a red wagon .	A miners is in a wagon .
entailment	A petite youngsters is riding in a red wagon .	A teenagers is in a wagon .
entailment	A girl in a blue shirt hugging a girls also in a blue shirt .	Two daughter are wearing blue shirts .
entailment	A daughter in a blue shirt hugging a daughter also in a blue shirt .	Two daughters are wearing blue shirts .
entailment	A daughter in a blue shirt hugging a daughter also in a blue shirt .	Two girl are wearing blue shirts .
entailment	Three men and one woman are posing for a pictures with snowy on the ground and mountains cover with green tree and snow in the background .	Four people pose for an outer photographs .
entailment	Three mens and one women are posing for a photograph with snowy on the ground and mountains covered with green tree and snow in the background .	Four people pose for an outer photos .
entailment	Three men and one female are posing for a photographing with snow on the ground and mountains cover with green trees and snowy in the background .	Four people pose for an outdoor pictures .
entailment	She is standing exterior a building .	A woman is outside , standing .
entailment	She is standing outdoor a building .	A women is outdoor , standing .
entailment	She is standing outboard a building .	A female is outboard , standing .
entailment	A mens is riding his dirt motorbike through the midair in the desert .	A masculine is on a motorbike .
entailment	A man is riding his filth cycle through the airliner in the desert .	A men is on a motorbike .
entailment	A males is riding his filth motorcycles through the aerial in the desert .	A males is on a bicycling .
entailment	Three people wearing black blindfolds near a `` Salvar O Planeta '' sign .	there are 3 people with blindfolds
entailment	Three people wearing negro blindfolds near a `` Salvar O Planeta '' sign .	there are 3 people with blindfolds
entailment	Three people wearing negro blindfolds near a `` Salvar O Planeta '' sign .	there are 3 people with blindfolds
entailment	A man sprays water onto a former piece of architecture that is being taken down by a piece of machinery .	A machine takes down architecture as a males sprinkler water on it .
entailment	A mens spray water onto a previously piece of architecture that is being taken down by a piece of machinery .	A machine takes down architecture as a masculine spray water on it .
entailment	A masculine spray water onto a earlier piece of architecture that is being taken down by a piece of machinery .	A machine takes down architecture as a mens spray water on it .
entailment	A demolition crane tearing down what is left of a building with a men standing on a platform spray water .	The demolition auto is being operated .
entailment	A demolition crane tearing down what is left of a building with a man standing on a platform sprays water .	The demolition motors is being operated .
entailment	A demolition crane tearing down what is left of a building with a males standing on a platform spraying water .	The demolition automobile is being operated .
entailment	A adolescents blond girl is eating her freezes snack while sitting on a bench next to a red stroller .	a daughter eats on a bench near a stroller
entailment	A minor blond daughter is eating her frozen snack while sitting on a bench next to a red stroller .	a girl eats on a bench near a stroller
entailment	A child blond daughters is eating her freezes snack while sitting on a bench next to a red stroller .	a girls eats on a bench near a stroller
entailment	A groups of people building gingerbread homes .	More than one individuals is working on edible buildings .
entailment	A panel of people building gingerbread dwelling .	More than one individuals is working on edible buildings .
entailment	A group of people building gingerbread houses .	More than one persons is working on edible buildings .
entailment	A group of people sitting and knitting .	People are sitting .
entailment	A panel of people sitting and knit .	People are sitting .
entailment	A panel of people sitting and knitting .	People are sitting .
entailment	A children Asian girl is wearing a pink dress and holding an umbrella even though it is not raining .	The daughters in pink holding an umbrella .
entailment	A youngsters Asian girl is wearing a pink garb and holding an umbrella even though it is not raining .	The girls in pink holding an umbrella .
entailment	A teen Asian girls is wearing a pink frock and holding an umbrella even though it is not raining .	The daughter in pink holding an umbrella .
entailment	This church choir sings to the masses as they sing joyous hymns from the book at a church .	The church is filled with song .
entailment	This church choir singing to the masses as they sung joyous songs from the book at a church .	The church is filled with song .
entailment	This church choir singing to the masses as they sing joyous songs from the book at a church .	The church is filled with song .
entailment	A juveniles female wearing a yellow sweater and negro panties is frosting skating outdoors .	a female is active
entailment	A adolescents women wearing a yellow jumper and black panties is frosting skate outdoors .	a woman is active
entailment	A kid female wearing a yellow sweater and negro slacks is ice skate outdoors .	a female is active
entailment	A teen dame and panels of younger daughter watching a groups of soldier men driving down the paths at a parade .	Women are watching a parade .
entailment	A kids lady and group of younger daughters watching a groups of military masculine drives down the routing at a parade .	Women are watching a parade .
entailment	A young lady and group of younger girl watching a panels of servicemen mens drives down the routing at a parade .	Women are watching a parade .
entailment	A woman standing in front of a immense tank at an aquarium turns around to look at the photographer .	A females is search at a phtographer
entailment	A female standing in front of a jumbo tank at an aquarium turns around to look at the photographed .	A women is searching at a phtographer
entailment	A women standing in front of a huge tank at an aquarium turns around to look at the photographs .	A females is quest at a phtographer
entailment	A boy in athlete themed pjs is in front of a Christmas trees .	the teens is in front of the tree
entailment	A boy in athletes themed pajamas is in front of a Christmas trees .	the kids is in front of the tree
entailment	A boy in athlete themed pajamas is in front of a Christmas trees .	the minor is in front of the tree
entailment	A teens boy wearing a red shirt and jeans stands in the media of a field and throws a toy planes in the midair .	A minor boy is playing in a feild .
entailment	A kids boy wearing a red shirt and jeans stands in the middle of a field and throws a toy aeroplane in the air .	A juvenile boy is play in a feild .
entailment	A adolescent boy wearing a red shirt and jeans stands in the mid of a field and throws a toy plane in the aeroplane .	A adolescents boy is playing in a feild .
entailment	A teenager masculine wearing a hoodie , pants , and sports shoes is sitting on a red lounge chairs and watching hi-def tv .	Man in relaxing clothing lounging in a chairs watching tv
entailment	A teens man wearing a hoodie , breeches , and athletic shoes is sitting on a red lounge chair and watching hi-def tv .	Man in relaxing apparel lounging in a chairs watching tv
entailment	A minors masculine wearing a hoodie , underclothes , and athletes footwear is sitting on a red lounge chairs and watching hi-def television .	Man in relaxing clothing lounging in a chair watching tv
entailment	A smaller men wearing a hoodie , trousers , and athletes shoe is sitting on a red lounge chair and watching hi-def tvs .	Man sitting in a red chair flipping through television canals .
entailment	A youthful male wearing a hoodie , panties , and sport shoes is sitting on a red lounge chair and watching hi-def televisions .	Man sitting in a red chairs flipping through televisions canal .
entailment	A child male wearing a hoodie , pants , and sport shoe is sitting on a red lounge chairs and watching hi-def television .	Man sitting in a red chairs flipping through televisions canal .
entailment	A mens is laid back in front of a televisions .	a masculine is relaxing
entailment	A men is laid back in front of a tvs .	a mens is relaxing
entailment	A males is laid back in front of a televisions .	a male is relaxing
entailment	A little boy playing outside on the cemented .	A boy is outside play .
entailment	A petite boy playing exterior on the cement .	A boy is outdoor play .
entailment	A petite boy playing exterior on the cemented .	A boy is outside playing .
entailment	Woman running in a park while listening to music .	A female jogging in a park .
entailment	Woman running in a park while listening to music .	A female jog in a park .
entailment	Woman running in a park while listening to music .	A females jogging in a park .
entailment	Two hockey gamers on opposed teams , one in a red and white jersey and one in a blue and negro jersey , are standing on the rink .	Hockey players are standing on the icing rink .
entailment	Two hockey gamers on oppose teams , one in a red and white jersey and one in a blue and black jersey , are standing on the rink .	Hockey players are standing on the ice rink .
entailment	Two hockey gamers on oppose teams , one in a red and white jersey and one in a blue and black jersey , are standing on the rink .	Hockey players are standing on the frosting rink .
entailment	People hurrying to get to work in a busy town .	People rushing to get to work .
entailment	People hurrying to get to work in a busy city .	People rushing to get to work .
entailment	People hurrying to get to work in a busy city .	People rushing to get to work .
entailment	A man in a strenuous hat , gray t-shirt and holding a wireless drilling saluting in front of a heavy American flag .	A males saluting the American Flag .
entailment	A mens in a difficult hat , grey t-shirt and holding a cordless drill saluting in front of a heavy American flag .	A man saluting the American Flag .
entailment	A man in a difficult hat , grey t-shirt and holding a wireless drill saluting in front of a heavy American flag .	A males saluting the American Flag .
entailment	A lady in a blue and white piping top takes her own images with a disposable camera while another dame with a purse flashes a piece sign in the background .	A dame uses a camera .
entailment	A dame in a blue and white tubing top takes her owned picture with a disposable camera while another lady with a satchel blinks a piece sign in the background .	A dame uses a camera .
entailment	A dame in a blue and white tubing top takes her own picture with a disposable camera while another dame with a handbags flashes a piece sign in the background .	A dame uses a camera .
entailment	A man preparing to bat in a baseball game .	A men is going to play baseball .
entailment	A mens preparing to bat in a baseball games .	A man is going to playing baseball .
entailment	A men preparing to bat in a baseball game .	A mens is going to play baseball .
entailment	Woman in a blue attire and carry a black knapsack , rides a scooter down the street .	the woman rides a scooter down the street
entailment	Woman in a blue attire and carry a negro rucksack , rides a scooter down the street .	the females rides a scooter down the street
entailment	Woman in a blue attire and carry a negro handbags , rides a scooter down the street .	the women rides a scooter down the street
entailment	A women in a red shirt and white skirt playing tennis .	A woman is wearing a shirt .
entailment	A female in a red shirt and white skirt playing tennis .	A females is wearing a shirt .
entailment	A women in a red shirt and white skirt play tennis .	A woman is wearing a shirt .
entailment	Six or seven people are standing on a pier with a tables and a pair of spectacles in the foreground .	Six or seven people are standing on a pier .
entailment	Six or seven people are standing on a pier with a table and a pair of sunglasses in the foreground .	Six or seven people are standing on a pier .
entailment	Six or seven people are standing on a pier with a table and a pair of eyeglasses in the foreground .	Six or seven people are standing on a pier .
entailment	A tennis player in blue shorts and a white shirt making an aggressive backhand swing toward the tennis ball .	A person is holding a tennis racket .
entailment	A tennis player in blue shorts and a white shirt making an aggressive backhand swing towards the tennis ball .	A person is holding a tennis racket .
entailment	A tennis player in blue shorts and a white shirt making an aggressive backhand swing towards the tennis ball .	A persons is holding a tennis racket .
entailment	A masculine working at the top of a cellphones poles .	A masculine is working outer .
entailment	A masculine working at the top of a phones poles .	A man is working outboard .
entailment	A males working at the top of a telephone pole .	A mens is working outside .
entailment	A person wearing orange stockings and chunky boots has her legs stretched out on the grass .	A person is wearing boots .
entailment	A persons wearing orange stockings and chunky boots has her legs stretched out on the grass .	A individuals is wearing boots .
entailment	A person wearing orange stockings and chunky boots has her legs stretched out on the grass .	A persons is wearing boots .
entailment	A night street scene of a restaurant .	The restaurant is openings at nightly .
entailment	A night street scene of a restaurant .	The restaurant is openings at overnight .
entailment	A nightly street scene of a restaurant .	The restaurant is open at nightly .
entailment	A men in a grey sweatshirt using a power saw .	the guy in the sweatshirt utilizes the power saw
entailment	A male in a gray sweatshirt using a power saw .	the guy in the sweatshirt utilizes the power saw
entailment	A male in a grey sweatshirt using a power saw .	the guy in the sweatshirt uses the power saw
entailment	A woman marathon runner wearing a red headband , a red tank top and negro shorts jog down a paved route .	a lady runs wearing red and black
entailment	A females marathon runner wearing a red headband , a red tank top and black shorts jog down a paved routes .	a lady runs wearing red and black
entailment	A woman marathon runner wearing a red headband , a red tank top and negro shorts jog down a paved routes .	a lady runs wearing red and black
entailment	A person in a red shirt and black underclothes hunched over .	A persons wears a red shirt .
entailment	A individuals in a red shirt and negro panties hunched over .	A person wears a red shirt .
entailment	A individuals in a red shirt and negro pants hunched over .	A individuals wears a red shirt .
entailment	A panels of people in black outfits drinking beer .	People drank a beverage .
entailment	A panel of people in negro outfits drinking beer .	People drink a beverage .
entailment	A groups of people in black outfits drinking beer .	People drink a beverage .
entailment	Three female are clothed in ninja costumes .	There are differing people present .
entailment	Three female are dressed in ninja costumes .	There are varied people present .
entailment	Three female are clothed in ninja costumes .	There are different people present .
entailment	A panels of people at a 4th of july celebration , with one males standing on a stages with american flag colored decorations around him .	A panels are celebrating the 4th of July .
entailment	A panel of people at a 4th of july celebration , with one men standing on a stages with america flag colored medals around him .	A grouping are celebrating the 4th of July .
entailment	A grouping of people at a 4th of july celebration , with one male standing on a stage with american flag colored decorations around him .	A panel are celebrating the 4th of July .
entailment	Man in dark shirt , yellow shorts and yellow bandanna leaps to catch a white frisbee on a soccer courts .	a male is a t a soccor court
entailment	Man in dark shirt , yellow shorts and yellow bandanna leaps to catch a white frisbee on a soccer court .	a male is a t a soccor court
entailment	Man in dark shirt , yellow shorts and yellow bandanna leaps to catch a white frisbee on a soccer courts .	a male is a t a soccor court
entailment	Female beach volleyball gamers on either side of a net , with one searching to spike the ball as her teammate clocks with the blue sky in the background .	One player on the woman 's beach volleyball team jumps to spike the ball as her teammate looks on .
entailment	Female beach volleyball gamers on either side of a net , with one searching to spiking the ball as her teammate clocks with the blue skies in the background .	One player on the women 's beach volleyball team jumps to spike the ball as her teammate looks on .
entailment	Female beach volleyball players on either side of a net , with one search to spiking the ball as her teammate watches with the blue skies in the background .	One player on the women 's beach volleyball team jumps to spiking the ball as her teammate looks on .
entailment	Female beach volleyball gamers on either side of a netted , with one looking to spiking the ball as her teammate watches with the blue skies in the background .	Some female are playing a athletic .
entailment	Female beach volleyball gamers on either side of a netted , with one searches to spiking the ball as her teammate watches with the blue sky in the background .	Some woman are playing a sportsman .
entailment	Female beach volleyball gamers on either side of a netted , with one quest to spiking the ball as her teammate clocks with the blue sky in the background .	Some females are play a athletics .
entailment	A crowd and two man clothed in multiple cultural garb play the drums .	Two man in cultural frock are play drum among a crowd .
entailment	A crowd and two male dressed in various cultural dress playing the drumming .	Two male in cultural attire are playing drums among a crowd .
entailment	A crowd and two masculine dressed in varying cultural garb playing the drum .	Two mens in cultural garb are play drums among a crowd .
entailment	A crowd and two men attired in multiple cultural frock playing the drum .	Two mens in cultural attire playing the drums for a crowd .
entailment	A crowd and two man clothed in various cultural attire playing the drum .	Two masculine in cultural frock play the drumming for a crowd .
entailment	A crowd and two man attired in many cultural frock playing the drumming .	Two men in cultural frock play the drums for a crowd .
entailment	Two dogs are playing catch in a field .	The two dogs are outside .
entailment	Two dogs are playing catch in a field .	The two dogs are outdoor .
entailment	Two dogs are play catch in a field .	The two dogs are exterior .
entailment	Man and a adolescent at an exhibit kiosk looking at something .	A males and a teens look at something .
entailment	Man and a teens at an exhibit booths searching at something .	A males and a underage look at something .
entailment	Man and a kids at an exhibit booth search at something .	A masculine and a miners look at something .
entailment	A windsurfer catching air with water streaming off of the board .	A individuals is windsurfing .
entailment	A windsurfer catching aerial with water streaming off of the board .	A persons is windsurfing .
entailment	A windsurfer catching air with water streaming off of the board .	A persons is windsurfing .
entailment	Many people have decided to take a resting on the steps .	People are taking a break from their measurements .
entailment	Many people have decided to take a resting on the steps .	People are taking a break from their measures .
entailment	Many people have decided to take a resting on the steps .	People are taking a break from their activity .
entailment	A male is standing on his tip toes in front of two people sitting in the cars .	A mens stands on his tip toes in front of two people .
entailment	A man is standing on his tip toes in front of two people sitting in the cars .	A male stands on his tip toes in front of two people .
entailment	A masculine is standing on his tip toes in front of two people sitting in the car .	A males stands on his tip toes in front of two people .
entailment	An elders woman in a white jacket walking past a brick wall using a cain to supporting herself .	A woman is walking past a brick wall .
entailment	An aged female in a white jacket walking past a brick wall using a cain to supporting herself .	A women is walking past a brick wall .
entailment	An antique women in a white jacket walking past a brick wall using a cain to supporting herself .	A females is walking past a brick wall .
entailment	A groups of firefighter and officials prepare to turn a auto rights side after a crash .	A groups of people are turning over a motors .
entailment	A groups of fireman and officials prepare to turning a motor right side after a crash .	A panel of people are turning over a cars .
entailment	A grouping of fireman and officials prepare to turn a motors rights side after a crash .	A group of people are turning over a motor .
entailment	This adolescent is on the bookcase steps .	The teen is on the steps .
entailment	This adolescent is on the bookshop steps .	The kid is on the steps .
entailment	This teenaged is on the bookshop steps .	The kids is on the steps .
entailment	A women in an apron is quest for bread .	A women is wearing an apron .
entailment	A woman in an apron is searches for bread .	A females is wearing an apron .
entailment	A female in an apron is searches for bread .	A females is wearing an apron .
entailment	Two masculine at a table having beverages .	Two people are drinking .
entailment	Two male at a table having beverages .	Two people are drinking .
entailment	Two men at a table having drinks .	Two people are drinking .
entailment	A girl in a pink sundress pushes a scooter past a row of orange construction barrels .	A girl is pushing a scooter .
entailment	A daughters in a pink sundress pushes a scooter past a row of orange construction barrels .	A girl is pushing a scooter .
entailment	A daughter in a pink sundress pushes a scooter past a row of orange construction barrels .	A daughters is pushing a scooter .
entailment	A miners is sitting on the grass by a concrete storm draining .	A adolescents sits next to a storm drain .
entailment	A juvenile is sitting on the grass by a concrete storm drain .	A minor sits next to a storm draining .
entailment	A teenager is sitting on the grass by a concrete storm draining .	A underage sits next to a storm draining .
entailment	A man is playing drum with a bands .	A males is play an instrument .
entailment	A male is playing drums with a band .	A male is playing an instrument .
entailment	A males is playing drum with a bands .	A masculine is play an instrument .
entailment	A couple walking down the street .	People walking outside
entailment	A couple walking down the street .	People walking outside
entailment	A couple walking down the street .	People walking outside
entailment	A females fell in the water after riding a wakeboard .	A females is wakeboarding .
entailment	A females fell in the water after riding a wakeboard .	A females is wakeboarding .
entailment	A female fell in the water after riding a wakeboard .	A female is wakeboarding .
entailment	Right leg in a brace , a kid boy lies on the couch while using his mobiles .	The rights leg is in a brace
entailment	Right leg in a brace , a teenaged boy lying on the couch while using his mobile .	The rights leg is in a brace
entailment	Right leg in a brace , a kid boy lurks on the couch while using his mobile .	The rights leg is in a brace
entailment	A daughter wearing khakis and a red sweatshirt is jumping in the airliner , while she is in the forester .	The daughter is jumping .
entailment	A daughter wearing khakis and a red sweatshirt is jumping in the plane , while she is in the forester .	The daughter is jumping .
entailment	A girls wearing khakis and a red sweatshirt is jumping in the airplanes , while she is in the forests .	The daughters is jumping .
entailment	A boy in a swing .	a boy playing
entailment	A boy in a swing .	a boy playing
entailment	A boy in a swing .	a boy playing
entailment	A boy in a swing .	boy swinging
entailment	A boy in a swing .	boy swinging
entailment	A boy in a swing .	boy swinging
entailment	A dark headed women picking out a green flower from a massive pail full of them .	A female chose a flowers out of a pail .
entailment	A dark headed females picking out a green flower from a huge pail full of them .	A female choosing a flower out of a pail .
entailment	A dark headed woman picking out a green flowers from a immense pail full of them .	A females selects a flowers out of a bucket .
entailment	a mass of people quest and moving in the identical overall direction .	A mass of people moving the same way .
entailment	a mass of people searches and moving in the same overall direction .	A mass of people moving the same manner .
entailment	a mass of people quest and moving in the same total direction .	A mass of people moving the same way .
entailment	The tattooed basketball player is approximately to dunk the ball .	The person is playing basketball .
entailment	The tattooed basketball player is approximately to dunk the ball .	The person is playing basketball .
entailment	The tattooed basketball player is about to dunk the ball .	The persons is play basketball .
entailment	A BMX rider is in airliner while on a dirt trail .	The BMX rider is riding a two wheel automobiles .
entailment	A BMX rider is in air while on a dirt trail .	The BMX rider is riding a two wheels cars .
entailment	A BMX rider is in aeroplane while on a filth trail .	The BMX rider is riding a two wheeled motors .
entailment	Six males , four with shirts and two without , have taken a break from their construction work on a building .	A group of construction workers is taking a break .
entailment	Six man , four with shirts and two without , have taken a break from their construction work on a building .	A grouping of construction workers is taking a break .
entailment	Six man , four with shirts and two without , have taken a break from their construction work on a building .	A panels of construction workers is taking a break .
entailment	A miner couple sitting in a black chairs smiling .	Two miners people sit in a negro chair happily .
entailment	A underage couple sitting in a negro chairs smiling .	Two teenager people sit in a black chair happily .
entailment	A teens couple sitting in a negro chairs smiling .	Two adolescents people sit in a black chair happily .
entailment	A mens in a colorful shirt and a lady in a white blouse sign ripping of ledger for people .	Two people sign copying of books .
entailment	A man in a colorful shirt and a lady in a white blouse sign copy of books for people .	Two people sign copy of books .
entailment	A male in a colorful shirt and a dame in a white blouse sign copies of books for people .	Two people sign copying of books .
entailment	A males in a colorful shirt and a lady in a white blouse sign copying of books for people .	Two people sign copy of their latest newer .
entailment	A mens in a colorful shirt and a lady in a white blouse sign copying of books for people .	Two people sign copying of their latest new .
entailment	A men in a colorful shirt and a lady in a white blouse sign copied of books for people .	Two people sign copied of their latest newest .
entailment	Two construction workers are working in front of a wall which has a bunch of names carved into it .	Two workers are working .
entailment	Two construction workers are working in front of a wall which has a bunch of names carved into it .	Two workers are working .
entailment	Two construction workers are working in front of a wall which has a bunch of names carved into it .	Two workers are working .
entailment	A masculine is standing inland a building under construction filled with bricks and varied tools .	a men stands in a construction site
entailment	A mens is standing interior a building under construction filled with bricks and assorted tools .	a males stands in a construction site
entailment	A men is standing indoor a building under construction filled with bricks and assorted tools .	a male stands in a construction site
entailment	a boy in a red hooded top is smiling whilst search away from his reflection .	A boy in a red hood is happy .
entailment	a boy in a red hooded top is smiling whilst searching away from his reflection .	A boy in a red hood is happy .
entailment	a boy in a red hooded top is smiling whilst searches away from his reflection .	A boy in a red hood is happy .
entailment	A brown dog is in the middle of a line of dogs pursues a dirty tennis ball over dirt .	The dogs are manhunt a ball .
entailment	A brown dog is in the media of a line of dogs chasing a dirty tennis ball over filth .	The dogs are hunts a ball .
entailment	A brown dog is in the media of a line of dogs chasing a dirty tennis ball over filth .	The dogs are chase a ball .
entailment	Pretty spring trees are shown with a mens standing with his hands on his hips , and a immense tree trunk in the front of the photographer .	A person surrounded by spring trees .
entailment	Pretty spring trees are shown with a male standing with his hands on his hips , and a gigantic trees trunk in the front of the photograph .	A persons surrounded by spring trees .
entailment	Pretty spring trees are shown with a man standing with his hands on his hips , and a overwhelming trees trunk in the front of the photographed .	A individuals surrounded by spring trees .
entailment	A men standing alone in a park .	a mens alone in the park
entailment	A males standing alone in a park .	a males alone in the park
entailment	A males standing alone in a park .	a men alone in the park
entailment	A person lie in a grassy areas near a building .	There is a person exterior .
entailment	A person lurks in a grassy area near a building .	There is a person outdoor .
entailment	A persons lie in a grassy spheres near a building .	There is a persons outdoor .
entailment	Two little youngsters walk away in a field .	Two petite teenaged walk outdoors .
entailment	Two little adolescent walk away in a field .	Two petite minors walk outdoors .
entailment	Two petite teens walk away in a field .	Two little teenager walk outdoors .
entailment	A boy in red and a daughters pink are walking through a low cut field .	Kids are walking in a field .
entailment	A boy in red and a daughters pink are walking through a low chop field .	Kids are walking in a field .
entailment	A boy in red and a daughters pink are walking through a low cutting field .	Kids are walking in a field .
entailment	diverse people are cycling riding .	Some people are riding moped .
entailment	different people are bicycles riding .	Some people are riding bikes .
entailment	several people are motorcycle riding .	Some people are riding bicycles .
entailment	A males with lengthy red-hair , a brown shirt and plaid underclothes sells fruit in a marketplace .	A male has lengthy red hair
entailment	A masculine with lengthy red-hair , a brown shirt and bourbon pants sale fruit in a marketplace .	A men has long red hair
entailment	A masculine with lengthy red-hair , a brown shirt and whiskey pants sells fruit in a marketplace .	A mens has long red hair
entailment	Two skateboarders , one wearing a negro t-shirt and the other wearing a white t-shirt , race each other .	Two snowboarders races .
entailment	Two skateboarders , one wearing a negro t-shirt and the other wearing a white t-shirt , errand each other .	Two snowboarders races .
entailment	Two skateboarders , one wearing a negro t-shirt and the other wearing a white t-shirt , racing each other .	Two snowboarders race .
entailment	Two skateboarders , one wearing a negro t-shirt and the other wearing a white t-shirt , race each other .	Two skateboarders errand .
entailment	Two skateboarders , one wearing a negro t-shirt and the other wearing a white t-shirt , race each other .	Two skateboarders race .
entailment	Two skateboarders , one wearing a negro t-shirt and the other wearing a white t-shirt , racing each other .	Two skateboarders races .
entailment	A smiling females and masculine are seated in front of a microphone in a music studio .	A females is smiling .
entailment	A smiling women and man are seated in front of a microphone in a music studio .	A females is smiling .
entailment	A smiling female and masculine are seated in front of a mics in a music studio .	A women is smiling .
entailment	A males wearing a gray ball caps walks next to a redheaded females wearing a long-sleeved blue jean shirt .	the masculine is wearing a gray cap .
entailment	A masculine wearing a grey ball ceilings walks next to a redheaded woman wearing a long-sleeved blue jean shirt .	the men is wearing a grey chaps .
entailment	A men wearing a gray ball ceiling walks next to a redheaded female wearing a long-sleeved blue jean shirt .	the males is wearing a grey cap .
entailment	A biker wearing glass and a satchel rides near a fountain .	A motorcyclist is close to the fountain .
entailment	A motorcyclist wearing glass and a rucksack rides near a fountain .	A motorcyclist is close to the fountain .
entailment	A biker wearing glass and a purse rides near a fountain .	A motorcyclist is close to the fountain .
entailment	A miners gymnast looks back at the audience , trying to catch a glimpse of her proud parents avant start her performance .	A gymnast scan a crowd for familiar confronts .
entailment	A teen gymnast looks back at the audience , trying to catch a glimpse of her proud parents avant began her performance .	A gymnast scans a crowd for familiar confront .
entailment	A child gymnast looks back at the audience , trying to catch a glimpse of her proud parents before initiated her performance .	A gymnast scan a crowd for familiar confront .
entailment	A female stands smiling while holding a stuffed cat .	A female is holding a stuffed zoo .
entailment	A woman stands smiling while holding a stuffed cat .	A woman is holding a upholstered animals .
entailment	A females stands smiling while holding a upholstered cat .	A female is holding a upholstered animals .
entailment	A boy plays his trumpet during a performance with his band .	A mankind with a trumpet
entailment	A boy plays his trumpet during a performance with his band .	A human with a trumpet
entailment	A boy plays his trumpet during a performance with his bands .	A mankind with a trumpet
entailment	A fighter jet midair is landed exterior Notre Dame cathedral at nightly .	The fighter jet planes is not moving .
entailment	A fighter jet aircraft is landed outdoor Notre Dame cathedral at overnight .	The fighter jet jets is not moving .
entailment	A fighter jet planes is landed outside Notre Dame cathedral at nighttime .	The fighter jet plane is not moving .
entailment	A couple roughly to kissing somewhere .	A couple is going to kiss .
entailment	A couple about to kiss somewhere .	A couple is going to kissing .
entailment	A couple about to kissing somewhere .	A couple is going to kiss .
entailment	A ballerina standing on the toes of one food with one arm up in the aeroplane and one leg hoist behind her .	The ballerina 's leg is hoist behind her .
entailment	A ballerina standing on the toes of one food with one arm up in the air and one leg lift behind her .	The ballerina 's leg is hoist behind her .
entailment	A ballerina standing on the toes of one food with one arm up in the airline and one leg hoist behind her .	The ballerina 's leg is hoisting behind her .
entailment	A male wearing a negro chaps is suspended in the airliner on a swing , as youngsters are swinging on a swing set .	A male in a black hat is swinging with some youths .
entailment	A man wearing a negro chaps is suspended in the airways on a swing , as adolescence are swinging on a swing set .	A mens in a black hat is swinging with some miners .
entailment	A males wearing a black chap is suspended in the aeroplane on a swing , as juveniles are swinging on a swing set .	A male in a black hat is swinging with some teenage .
entailment	A man is painting a town scene on a canvas in the street .	A masculine is paint exterior .
entailment	A man is paint a city scene on a canvas in the street .	A man is paint exterior .
entailment	A males is painting a town scene on a canvas in the street .	A masculine is painted outboard .
entailment	A female is sitting down doing some sorting of craft work while another person operates a jumbo wooden looms device in the background .	The females is sitting .
entailment	A females is sitting down doing some sorting of craft work while another persons operates a large lumber loom device in the background .	The women is sitting .
entailment	A women is sitting down doing some sorting of craft work while another individuals operates a hefty timber loom device in the background .	The females is sitting .
entailment	A train conductor in coveralls is standing in the gate of the trail .	A train conductor is standing in a door .
entailment	A train conductor in coveralls is standing in the door of the trail .	A train conductor is standing in a door .
entailment	A train conductor in coveralls is standing in the door of the trail .	A train conductor is standing in a gate .
entailment	The dogs run a errand at the track .	A group of dogs are racingon a track .
entailment	The dogs run a race at the track .	A grouping of dogs are racingon a track .
entailment	The dogs run a errand at the track .	A panel of dogs are racingon a track .
entailment	An seniors males in a baseball hat and an older female in a jean jacket are standing outside , but are cover mostly in shadow .	An age female has a jean jacket .
entailment	An aging man in a baseball hat and an aged women in a jean jacket are standing outboard , but are covered basically in shadow .	An ancient female has a jean jacket .
entailment	An antiquated male in a baseball hat and an elderly females in a jean jacket are standing outdoor , but are covered primarily in shadow .	An older woman has a jean jacket .
entailment	Performer who is wearing 2 hats a terrible mask and a black and white robe .	A costume is being worn by a performer .
entailment	Performer who is wearing 2 hats a horrific mask and a black and white robe .	A costume is being worn by a performer .
entailment	Performer who is wearing 2 hats a gruesome mask and a black and white robe .	A costume is being worn by a performer .
entailment	Four entertainers dressed in Roman style garb are performing at an outside theater .	People are outdoors .
entailment	Four entertainers dressed in Roman style attire are performing at an outboard theaters .	People are outdoors .
entailment	Four entertainers attired in Roman style attire are performing at an outer theatre .	People are outdoors .
entailment	A panels of adolescent adult with `` X '' on their hands , smiling .	The group of adult is happy .
entailment	A grouping of youth grownups with `` X '' on their hands , smiling .	The panels of adults is happy .
entailment	A group of juvenile adults with `` X '' on their hands , smiling .	The panel of adults is happy .
entailment	A adolescents white daughter is standing on the street in front of a storefront , dressed up in red with a hoop decorated with card symbols .	The youngsters white daughters is outdoors .
entailment	A teenaged white girl is standing on the street in front of a storefront , clothed up in red with a hoop decorated with cards symbols .	The youthful white daughter is outdoors .
entailment	A youngsters white daughters is standing on the street in front of a storefront , clothed up in red with a hoop decorated with card symbols .	The juvenile white daughter is outdoors .
entailment	This off-roading drivers has tipped his truck .	A truck is on it 's side .
entailment	This off-roading driver has tipped his truck .	A truck is on it 's side .
entailment	This off-roading driver has tipped his truck .	A truck is on it 's side .
entailment	A men in a khaki jacket and ball cap walks down the street .	The man is outdoors walking .
entailment	A male in a khaki jacket and ball chap walks down the street .	The males is outdoors walking .
entailment	A male in a khaki jacket and ball chap walks down the street .	The males is outdoors walking .
entailment	A speaking females at a podium has the phrase `` Armenian Genocide '' written on it , flanked by priests and man in suits .	The females has sounds emanting from her mouth .
entailment	A speaking women at a podium has the phrase `` Armenian Genocide '' written on it , flanked by priests and men in suits .	The woman has sounds emanting from her mouth .
entailment	A speaking female at a podium has the phrase `` Armenian Genocide '' written on it , flanked by priests and mens in suits .	The female has sounds emanting from her mouth .
entailment	A newlywed couple laughing and conversation amongst themselves .	The couple is having fun .
entailment	A newlywed couple laugh and talking amongst themselves .	The couple is having fun .
entailment	A newlywed couple laughing and conversation amongst themselves .	The couple is having fun .
entailment	People shopping for vegetables at an outdoor market .	People shopping for veggies and fruit at a marketplace .
entailment	People shopping for vegetables at an outboard marketplace .	People shopping for veggies and fruit at a market .
entailment	People shopping for vegetables at an outboard market .	People shopping for veggies and fruit at a markets .
entailment	Four teenage minors appear in this photography wearing panties and shirts while they lounge in the room .	Four clothed miner relaxing in a room .
entailment	Four juvenile teens appear in this images wearing trousers and shirts while they lounge in the room .	Four clothed youth relax in a rooms .
entailment	Four underage teenage appear in this images wearing pants and shirts while they lounge in the rooms .	Four dressed teenagers relax in a room .
entailment	A newlywed couple laughing and talking amongst themselves .	The couple just got marriage .
entailment	A newlywed couple laughing and conversations amongst themselves .	The couple just got marry .
entailment	A newlywed couple laughing and conversation amongst themselves .	The couple just got marry .
entailment	Man in chair laugh and discussions to others , while handling books .	Man handling books while sitting in chair .
entailment	Man in chair laughing and conversation to others , while handling books .	Man handling books while sitting in chair .
entailment	Man in chairs laugh and discussions to others , while handling ledger .	Man handling ledger while sitting in chairs .
entailment	Motorcycle rider going over a bump .	Motorcycle rider riding over a bump .
entailment	Motorcycle rider going over a bump .	Motorcycle rider riding over a bump .
entailment	Motorcycle rider going over a bump .	Motorcycle rider riding over a bump .
entailment	Two bearded masculine sit side by side .	Two mens are sitting down .
entailment	Two bearded masculine sit side by side .	Two male are sitting down .
entailment	Two bearded mens sit side by side .	Two male are sitting down .
entailment	Five person standing on grass next to a brick building , holding their owned string instrument .	There are fifth persons near a building .
entailment	Five individuals standing on grass next to a brick building , holding their own strings instrument .	There are fifth person near a building .
entailment	Five persons standing on grass next to a brick building , holding their own chain instrument .	There are fifth persons near a building .
entailment	The petite boy is running through a grassy areas .	A boy is running exterior .
entailment	The petite boy is running through a grassy area .	A boy is running outboard .
entailment	The little boy is running through a grassy sphere .	A boy is running outside .
entailment	Two people biking on a routing separate by petite mountains .	Two people are riding on bicycle outboard .
entailment	Two people motorcycles on a pathway separate by little mountains .	Two people are riding on mopeds outside .
entailment	Two people cycling on a route seperated by petite mountains .	Two people are riding on bike outside .
entailment	Four miners are sitting at a tables eating breakfast .	Children are eating .
entailment	Four youthful are sitting at a tables eating breakfast .	Children are eating .
entailment	Four miner are sitting at a table eating breakfast .	Children are eating .
entailment	A females wearing a white coat skis down a snowy hill .	A females is snowboarding .
entailment	A women wearing a white coat skis down a snowy hill .	A woman is skiing .
entailment	A women wearing a white coat skis down a snow hill .	A woman is snowboard .
entailment	The man in the negro shirt is skateboarding on the front steps of the building .	A individuals with a dark top is outer doing something active .
entailment	The man in the black shirt is skateboarding on the front steps of the building .	A persons with a dark top is outboard doing something active .
entailment	The masculine in the black shirt is skateboarding on the front steps of the building .	A persons with a dark top is outside doing something active .
entailment	A lady in pink long-sleeved blouse is holding a pink wallets in her lap as she reaches something to the guy next to her .	Lady with matching pink satchel and blouse reaches towards men next to her .
entailment	A dame in pink long-sleeved blouse is holding a pink purses in her lap as she reaches something to the guy next to her .	Lady with match pink pockets and blouse reaches towards male next to her .
entailment	A lady in pink long-sleeved blouse is holding a pink handbag in her lap as she reaches something to the guy next to her .	Lady with matches pink knapsack and blouse reaches toward man next to her .
entailment	A negro men in a lengthy sleeves white collared shirt and a tie is walking to work in a monumental town .	The mens is moving .
entailment	A black males in a long sleeves white collared shirt and a tie is walking to work in a jumbo town .	The males is moving .
entailment	A black mens in a long sleeves white collared shirt and a tie is walking to work in a big town .	The mens is moving .
entailment	A women in a red jacket and goggles smiles at the camera while another female unloads ski from a automobile .	A female in a red jacket and sunglasses smiles at the camera
entailment	A female in a red jacket and eyeglasses smiles at the camera while another women unloads ski from a cars .	A females in a red jacket and glasses smiles at the camera
entailment	A females in a red jacket and sunglasses smiles at the camera while another woman unloads ski from a vehicles .	A woman in a red jacket and glasses smiles at the camera
entailment	Sled and dogs headed towards another panels of sled dogs with one loose .	There are dogs .
entailment	Sled and dogs headed toward another group of sled dogs with one slack .	There are dogs .
entailment	Sled and dogs headed toward another panel of sled dogs with one loose .	There are dogs .
entailment	Sled and dogs headed toward another grouping of sled dogs with one loose .	There are two panels of dogs , some are slack .
entailment	Sled and dogs headed towards another panel of sled dogs with one slack .	There are two panel of dogs , some are loose .
entailment	Sled and dogs headed towards another grouping of sled dogs with one slack .	There are two groups of dogs , some are loose .
entailment	Two men are wrestling ; one has the maple leaf of the Canadian flag on his standardized .	Two mens wrestle in uniformed .
entailment	Two male are wrestling ; one has the maple leaf of the Canadian flag on his uniforms .	Two man wrestle in uniforms .
entailment	Two man are wrestling ; one has the maple leaf of the Canadian flag on his uniforms .	Two men wrestle in standardized .
entailment	One tan girls with a fleece hat is running and leaning over an object , while another persons in a wool hat is sitting on the ground .	A tan girls runs leans over an object
entailment	One tan girl with a wool hat is running and leaning over an object , while another persons in a wool hat is sitting on the ground .	A tan girl runs leans over an object
entailment	One tan daughters with a wool hat is running and leaning over an object , while another person in a fleece hat is sitting on the ground .	A tan daughters runs leans over an object
entailment	A black mens in a long sleeves white collared shirt and a tie is walking to work in a huge city .	The masculine is wearing work attire and is walking to his job .
entailment	A negro male in a long sleeves white collared shirt and a tie is walking to work in a huge city .	The mens is wearing work attire and is walking to his job .
entailment	A black men in a lengthy sleeves white collared shirt and a tie is walking to work in a large town .	The male is wearing work garb and is walking to his job .
entailment	A lady teachers warns her student roughly their behavior in a museum setting , and invited them to be quite .	Students are internal of a museum
entailment	A dame teachers warns her schoolchildren roughly their demeanor in a museum setting , and invited them to be quite .	Students are inland of a museum
entailment	A lady professors warnings her pupils approximately their behaviors in a museum setting , and invite them to be quite .	Students are inside of a museum
entailment	Blue , red , yellow , and white are the dominant color of a photos of two policemen automobile outdoor of what looks like a smokes roll play automobile , a bicycle in between the two vehicle with 6 people in the photos .	There are two police vehicular in the image .
entailment	Blue , red , yellow , and white are the dominant colors of a photograph of two police automobiles outdoor of what looks like a smoked roll playing vehicles , a cyclist in between the two auto with 6 people in the photography .	There are two cops motor in the photo .
entailment	Blue , red , yellow , and white are the dominant colour of a photo of two policemen vehicular outboard of what looks like a cigarettes roll playing motors , a motorcycle in between the two vehicular with 6 people in the photograph .	There are two police motor in the photographing .
entailment	A grouping of swimmers jump into a pool .	A panels of swimmers are jumping into water .
entailment	A grouping of bathers leap into a pool .	A group of swimmers are jumping into water .
entailment	A panels of swimmers leap into a pool .	A panel of swimmers are jumping into water .
entailment	Two boys with blond-hair , wearing striped shirts on a bed .	Two boys in bed .
entailment	Two boys with blond-hair , wearing striped shirts on a bed .	Two boys in bed .
entailment	Two boys with blond-hair , wearing striped shirts on a bed .	Two boys in bed .
entailment	Three male clothed in white shirts and white hats , -LRB- two with baseball ceiling , the leader with a white construction helmet -RRB- , pounding sticks on steel and plastic drum .	Three male pounds on some drums
entailment	Three masculine dressed in white shirts and white hats , -LRB- two with baseball ceilings , the leader with a white construction helmet -RRB- , pounding sticks on steel and plastic drumming .	Three mens lbs on some drums
entailment	Three masculine dressed in white shirts and white hats , -LRB- two with baseball chap , the leader with a white construction helmet -RRB- , pounding sticks on steel and plastic drums .	Three masculine pound on some drums
entailment	Two men in workers ' gear and colorful tricky hats standing on board what appears to be a large ship , next to some very large machinery .	two male in workers gear are on a monumental examined with machinery
entailment	Two man in workers ' gear and colorful stiff hats standing on board what appears to be a massive ship , next to some very large machinery .	two male in workers gear are on a big examining with machinery
entailment	Two mens in workers ' gear and colorful tricky hats standing on board what appears to be a heavy vessel , next to some very hefty machinery .	two masculine in workers gear are on a mammoth vessels with machinery
entailment	Fans are clothed in green and yellow for a important athlete events .	There are followers at a sport event .
entailment	Fans are attired in green and yellow for a important athletes event .	There are fans at a sporting events .
entailment	Fans are clothed in green and yellow for a important sportsmen event .	There are followers at a sport event .
entailment	A chef is chop a piece of fishes with a chiefs knife .	The chef is dicing fishes with his knife .
entailment	A chef is chop a piece of fishes with a heads knife .	The chef is dicing fish with his knife .
entailment	A chef is chop a piece of fish with a heads knife .	The chef is dicing fishes with his knife .
entailment	A crowd of people in a stadium decked out in white , yellow and green cheer and clap for the team below .	a crwod is cheering
entailment	A crowd of people in a stadium decked out in white , yellow and green cheer and clap for the team below .	a crwod is cheering
entailment	A crowd of people in a stadium decked out in white , yellow and green cheer and clap for the team below .	a crwod is cheering
entailment	A females guitarist is playing on stage .	A females is play her instrument .
entailment	A women guitarist is playing on stage .	A female is playing her instrument .
entailment	A female guitarist is playing on stages .	A female is playing her instrument .
entailment	A male scales a rock climbing wall .	A masculine rock climbing .
entailment	A male scales a rock climb wall .	A mens rock climb .
entailment	A mens scales a rock climb wall .	A males rock climbing .
entailment	A families with minor minor sits down outboard .	There is a family sitting outboard with their youth .
entailment	A families with kid adolescents sits down outdoor .	There is a families sitting outer with their miner .
entailment	A families with adolescence juveniles sits down outboard .	There is a families sitting exterior with their children .
entailment	Two policing officer in yellow reflective jackets are standing in a shopping sphere having a discussions .	Two police officer in yellow reflective jerseys are standing in a shopping zone
entailment	Two policemen officer in yellow reflective blazers are standing in a shopping areas having a conversation .	Two policing officer in yellow reflective blazers are standing in a shopping zone
entailment	Two cop officer in yellow reflective jerseys are standing in a shopping spheres having a conversation .	Two police officers in yellow reflective jackets are standing in a shopping zone
entailment	Construction workers are standing upon on a woods bridges .	The bridges is wood
entailment	Construction workers are standing upon on a wooden bridge .	The bridges is wood
entailment	Construction workers are standing upon on a wood bridge .	The bridges is wood
entailment	A woman getting her face paintings for a parade .	the females has make-up on her body
entailment	A women getting her face painting for a parade .	the woman has make-up on her body
entailment	A woman getting her face paint for a parade .	the females has make-up on her body
entailment	A groups of grownup stands in the toilet searches down a small youth in the bath .	People are in the homes .
entailment	A panels of grownups stands in the restrooms search down a small miner in the bath .	People are in the house .
entailment	A panels of adult stands in the restrooms quest down a small minor in the bath .	People are in the dwelling .
entailment	Three males dressed in suits and ties clasps their raised hands while standing in front of companies logos .	Three man are dressed in suits .
entailment	Three mens clothed in suits and ties clasps their raised hands while standing in front of corporations logos .	Three males are clothed in suits .
entailment	Three masculine attired in suits and ties clasps their raised hands while standing in front of companies logos .	Three man are clothed in suits .
entailment	Two middle-aged cop officer watch over a parking lot , at overnight .	A couple policeman conserve an eyeball on the parking lot .
entailment	Two middle-aged policing officer watch over a parking batch , at nightly .	A couple policing preserve an eye on the parking lot .
entailment	Two middle-aged policemen officer watch over a parking lot , at overnight .	A couple cop maintaining an eye on the parking lot .
entailment	A person doing a trick on a snowboarding .	A snowboarder is performing tricks .
entailment	A person doing a trick on a snowboard .	A snowboarder is performing tricks .
entailment	A individuals doing a ploy on a snowboarding .	A snowboarder is performing tricks .
entailment	A snowboarder is grinding down a lengthy concrete rail .	The snowboarder is grinding a rail .
entailment	A snowboarder is grinding down a lengthy concrete rail .	The snowboarder is grinding a rail .
entailment	A snowboarder is grinding down a lengthy concrete rail .	The snowboarder is grinding a rail .
entailment	A barefoot youth climbs at the jungle gym .	A juveniles is playing outside on a jungle gym .
entailment	A barefoot underage climbs at the jungle gym .	A miners is playing outside on a jungle gym .
entailment	A barefoot adolescence climbs at the jungle gym .	A youth is playing outdoor on a jungle gym .
entailment	A woman and a young daughter are sitting down and smiling .	The women are sitting .
entailment	A women and a young girl are sitting down and smiling .	The woman are sitting .
entailment	A females and a juveniles daughters are sitting down and smiling .	The female are sitting .
entailment	A goofy searching woman is sing on stages .	A females is sing .
entailment	A goofy quest females is sung on stage .	A woman is sings .
entailment	A goofy looking woman is singing on stage .	A women is sung .
entailment	A fathers and sons are in a field of yellow flower .	People are surrounded by flower .
entailment	A father and sons are in a field of yellow flower .	People are surrounded by flowers .
entailment	A father and son are in a field of yellow flowering .	People are surrounded by flower .
entailment	2 woman and 2 girls crossed the road	There are 4 females humans who are moving .
entailment	2 females and 2 daughters crossed the road	There are 4 woman humans who are moving .
entailment	2 female and 2 girls crossed the road	There are 4 woman humans who are moving .
entailment	A groups of people are sight seeing and taking photography .	there are a panels of people
entailment	A panel of people are sight seeing and taking photographs .	there are a groups of people
entailment	A groups of people are sight seeing and taking photographer .	there are a groups of people
entailment	A gentleman standing on steps getting his photos taken by a daughter wearing a frock .	A men on the steps is being photos by a girls .
entailment	A gentlemen standing on steps getting his photographing taken by a girl wearing a garb .	A men on the steps is being photographed by a girls .
entailment	A gentlemen standing on steps getting his photographed taken by a daughters wearing a garb .	A mens on the steps is being photographs by a daughter .
entailment	A crowd of people is searching at something outer of a Gap store .	People are searches outside
entailment	A crowd of people is searches at something outer of a Gap store .	People are searching outside
entailment	A crowd of people is searching at something outside of a Gap store .	People are searches outside
entailment	A small boy play with two rubber chickens .	The boy is playing with toys .
entailment	A petite boy play with two rubber chickens .	The boy is playing with toys .
entailment	A small boy play with two rubber chickens .	The boy is playing with toys .
entailment	Man in puffy yellow jacket on skis on a mountain .	The males is outer .
entailment	Man in puffy yellow jacket on skis on a mountain .	The masculine is exterior .
entailment	Man in puffy yellow jacket on ski on a mountain .	The mens is outdoor .
entailment	A female with a negro and white attire on is carry a green plastic laundry basket in front of an apartment building .	The woman is wearing a dress .
entailment	A women with a negro and white garb on is carry a green plastic laundry basket in front of an apartment building .	The female is wearing a attire .
entailment	A females with a negro and white frock on is carrying a green plastic laundry basket in front of an flat building .	The woman is wearing a attire .
entailment	The two dogs are play catch with a red Frisbee .	Two dogs are play together .
entailment	The two dogs are playing catch with a red Frisbee .	Two dogs are playing together .
entailment	The two dogs are play catch with a red Frisbee .	Two dogs are play together .
entailment	There are numerous people in a huge room with a lot of furniture with tags on them .	People are indoors .
entailment	There are many people in a monumental rooms with a lot of furniture with tags on them .	People are indoors .
entailment	There are different people in a immense room with a batch of furniture with tags on them .	People are indoors .
entailment	Four male and a kids boy are at a table set up for wooden crafts .	Five general people are near a tables with objects on it .
entailment	Four men and a teenage boy are at a tables set up for wooden artisans .	Five total people are near a tables with objects on it .
entailment	Four masculine and a young boy are at a tables set up for wood artisans .	Five general people are near a tables with objects on it .
entailment	A woman attends to her laundry in a laundromat .	A women is doing laundry .
entailment	A females attends to her laundry in a laundromat .	A women is doing laundry .
entailment	A female attends to her laundry in a laundromat .	A females is doing laundry .
entailment	The bear are facing each other with their mouths extensive openings .	Two bears are looking at each other with mouths openings .
entailment	The bear are facing each other with their mouths wide opening .	Two bear are searching at each other with mouths opened .
entailment	The bear are facing each other with their mouths wide opened .	Two bears are quest at each other with mouths openings .
entailment	A man leads the manner in a races .	The males is currently competing .
entailment	A males leads the manner in a racing .	The male is currently competing .
entailment	A masculine leads the manner in a racing .	The mens is currently compete .
entailment	The child playing in the pool .	The miners are in the water .
entailment	The miner play in the pool .	The juveniles are in the water .
entailment	The adolescents play in the pool .	The adolescence are in the water .
entailment	A motocross rider rides in the midair over a bar .	The rider is in the air .
entailment	A motocross rider rides in the planes over a bar .	The rider is in the aviation .
entailment	A motocross rider rides in the airways over a bar .	The rider is in the planes .
entailment	The daughters wearing a brown jacket whilst walking in snowy .	The daughter is walking outboard .
entailment	The daughters wearing a brown jacket whilst walking in snow .	The girls is walking exterior .
entailment	The girls wearing a brown jacket whilst walking in snow .	The girl is walking outboard .
entailment	A males in a black hat , standing on the street while play an electricity guitar and sings .	A men is play a guitar outside .
entailment	A male in a black hat , standing on the street while playing an electric guitar and sung .	A men is playing a guitar outdoor .
entailment	A masculine in a black hat , standing on the street while playing an electrified guitar and sings .	A men is play a guitar outboard .
entailment	A guy gettin lots of airplanes on a skateboarding at a skatepark	A guy riding a skateboard .
entailment	A guy gettin lots of air on a skateboarding at a skatepark	A guy riding a skateboard .
entailment	A guy gettin lots of aviation on a skateboard at a skatepark	A guy riding a skateboarding .
entailment	A biker with a blue jacket , black panties , and white helmet drive on filth while people watch .	A persons is driving in front of other people .
entailment	A motorcyclist with a blue jacket , black breeches , and white helmet drive on filth while people watch .	A persons is driving in front of other people .
entailment	A biker with a blue jacket , negro underclothes , and white helmet drive on dirt while people watch .	A persons is drive in front of other people .
entailment	A man , females , and minors get their picture taken in front of the mountains .	A family on vacation is posing .
entailment	A males , female , and kid get their images taken in front of the mountains .	A family on vacation is posing .
entailment	A male , females , and youthful get their photographs taken in front of the mountains .	A families on vacation is posing .
entailment	Some senior people are play instruments in a park .	A groups of old people are outdoors play music .
entailment	Some antique people are playing instruments in a park .	A panels of elderly people are outdoors play music .
entailment	Some seniors people are play instruments in a park .	A panels of elders people are outdoors play music .
entailment	A juveniles is surrounded by a field of sunflowers .	A miners and some flowers .
entailment	A smaller is surrounded by a field of sunflowers .	A youthful and some flower .
entailment	A child is surrounded by a field of sunflowers .	A juveniles and some flowers .
entailment	Dog yawns	A dog has its mouth open .
entailment	Dog yawns	A dog has its mouth opened .
entailment	Dog yawns	A dog has its mouth opened .
entailment	A masculine , females , and juveniles get their photographs taken in front of the mountains .	People are outdoors .
entailment	A male , woman , and minor get their pictures taken in front of the mountains .	People are outdoors .
entailment	A men , female , and teenagers get their photography taken in front of the mountains .	People are outdoors .
entailment	A adolescence daughter is standing in a kitchen holding a green bib .	A daughters is holding a bib .
entailment	A underage daughters is standing in a kitchen holding a green bib .	A daughter is holding a bib .
entailment	A adolescence daughters is standing in a kitchen holding a green bib .	A daughter is holding a bib .
entailment	A exploring pear with people boarding and disembarking some studying .	people are boarding and disembarking some boats
entailment	A browse pear with people boarding and disembarking some examining .	people are boarding and disembarking some boats
entailment	A inquires pear with people boarding and disembarking some sailboat .	people are boarding and disembarking some boats
entailment	Tourists wait outside of a home to visit .	People standing outside of a house .
entailment	Tourists wait outdoor of a home to visit .	People standing outer of a housing .
entailment	Tourists waiting outer of a home to visit .	People standing outdoor of a housing .
entailment	A large negro and white dog is licking a smaller white and negro dog who is growling .	The dog is large
entailment	A large black and white dog is licking a teenager white and black dog who is growling .	The dog is large
entailment	A heavy black and white dog is licking a miner white and black dog who is growling .	The dog is large
entailment	A bike rider wearing race gear pedals a yellow cyclist past the cables fence at the edge of a field , with a stand of tree in the background .	A bike rider wearing race gear pedals a cycle past the fences .
entailment	A bicycling rider wearing errand gear pedals a yellow bikes past the cable fences at the edge of a field , with a stand of tree in the background .	A bicycle rider wearing race gear pedals a motorcycles past the fences .
entailment	A cycle rider wearing race gear pedals a yellow motorcycles past the wiring fence at the edge of a field , with a stand of trees in the background .	A bicycles rider wearing races gear pedals a bike past the fence .
entailment	A white masculine in and office setting , wearing a gray frock shirt and negro garb breeches with negro frock shoe is leap roping and smiling .	the men is in an office .
entailment	A white man in and office setting , wearing a gray frock shirt and black attire slacks with black attire footwear is jump roping and smiling .	the masculine is in an office .
entailment	A white masculine in and office setting , wearing a grey attire shirt and negro frock underclothes with black dress shoe is leap roping and smiling .	the man is in an office .
entailment	A man with a prosthetics leg dive for a volleyball .	The males has at lowest one prosthetics leg .
entailment	A male with a prosthetics leg diving for a volleyball .	The male has at least one prosthetic leg .
entailment	A masculine with a prosthetic leg diving for a volleyball .	The male has at least one prosthetic leg .
entailment	people are standing near water with a battleship header their direction	The people are standing .
entailment	people are standing near water with a sailboat heading their direction	The people are standing .
entailment	people are standing near water with a explore heading their direction	The people are standing .
entailment	A masculine does a skating ploy off of graffiti-filled stairs .	A masculine skates outboard .
entailment	A men does a skating trick off of graffiti-filled stairs .	A man skates exterior .
entailment	A male does a skating trick off of graffiti-filled stairs .	A male skates outboard .
entailment	Two woman in tank tops are drinking .	Two female in tank tops drinking
entailment	Two women in tank tops are drinking .	Two women in tank tops drinking
entailment	Two woman in tank tops are drinking .	Two female in tank tops drinking
entailment	A crowd of people in stadium style seat appear uninterested in the venue .	A group of people does n't care roughly the stadium they are sitting in .
entailment	A crowd of people in stadium style seat appear uninterested in the venue .	A panels of people does n't caring about the stadium they are sitting in .
entailment	A crowd of people in stadium style seats appear uninterested in the venue .	A groups of people does n't caring roughly the stadium they are sitting in .
entailment	An elderly males with a cowboy hat , cowboy boots , and blue jeans stands next to a cabin and looks off into the distance as the sun sets in the background .	A person with a hat
entailment	An antique males with a cowboy hat , cowboy boots , and blue jeans stands next to a cabin and looks off into the distance as the sun sets in the background .	A person with a hat
entailment	An older mens with a cowboy hat , cowboy boots , and blue jeans stands next to a cabin and looks off into the distance as the sun sets in the background .	A individuals with a hat
entailment	A group of minor men are dumping soil onto the ground of their backyard .	The adolescent males are working outboard .
entailment	A grouping of smaller mens are dumping soil onto the ground of their backyard .	The teenager male are working outdoor .
entailment	A panel of youths men are dumping soil onto the ground of their courtyard .	The teenagers male are working outboard .
entailment	Two man are working together to hollow the barrel of its contents .	Two mens are emptying a barrel .
entailment	Two males are working together to empty the barrel of its contents .	Two mens are emptying a barrel .
entailment	Two man are working together to hollow the barrel of its contents .	Two males are emptying a barrel .
entailment	A male looks mysterious in a blue shirt and a red truck for a corporation called Wilbert .	A masculine looks mysterious .
entailment	A males looks mysterious in a blue shirt and a red truck for a companies called Wilbert .	A males looks mysterious .
entailment	A male looks mysterious in a blue shirt and a red truck for a business called Wilbert .	A mens looks mysterious .
entailment	Man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	a man is seated
entailment	Man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	a men is seated
entailment	Man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	a man is seated
entailment	A kid male in an orange shirt , maneuvers a skateboarding at the top of a ramp .	A person rides a skateboarding .
entailment	A kids mens in an orange shirt , maneuvers a skateboard at the top of a ramp .	A person rides a skateboard .
entailment	A adolescent men in an orange shirt , maneuvers a skateboard at the top of a ramp .	A persons rides a skateboard .
entailment	A male and a boy behind the wheels of a automobiles .	The small boy and the males sit behind the vehicles 's steer wheels .
entailment	A masculine and a boy behind the wheeled of a vehicles .	The little boy and the man sit behind the car 's steer wheeled .
entailment	A males and a boy behind the wheels of a autos .	The small boy and the man sit behind the automobile 's steer wheeled .
entailment	Three Asian mens are running down a track holding hands while a immense gathering of people watches them .	Three men are holding hands .
entailment	Three Asian masculine are running down a track holding hands while a jumbo gathering of people watches them .	Three mens are holding hands .
entailment	Three Asian masculine are running down a track holding hands while a mammoth gathering of people watches them .	Three males are holding hands .
entailment	A girls in a green coat walks down a farming routes play a flute	The countries paths has a walker wearing green .
entailment	A daughter in a green coat walks down a rural path play a flute	The country routes has a walker wearing green .
entailment	A girl in a green coat walks down a farming routes playing a flute	The countries path has a walker wearing green .
entailment	A runner poses for a photographer with friends in a parking lot .	The racer is posing for a photographed .
entailment	A racer poses for a photograph with friends in a parking lot .	The racer is posing for a photographic .
entailment	A racer poses for a photographing with friends in a parking lot .	The runner is posing for a pictures .
entailment	A nursing is listening to another females 's heartbeat with a stethoscope .	A female in the medicine office .
entailment	A nurses is listening to another female 's heartbeat with a stethoscope .	A woman in the drugs office .
entailment	A nursing is listening to another females 's heartbeat with a stethoscope .	A female in the medicine office .
entailment	Four adults eat while sitting on a tile floor .	A grouping of people eat food .
entailment	Four grownups eat while sitting on a tile floor .	A panel of people eat food .
entailment	Four adult eat while sitting on a tile floor .	A grouping of people eat food .
entailment	A boy and a female are on top of monumental rocks at sunset .	The surface of the earth is visible .
entailment	A boy and a woman are on top of mammoth rocks at sunset .	The surface of the earth is visible .
entailment	A boy and a woman are on top of immense rocks at sunset .	The surface of the earth is visible .
entailment	Two sweet miner daughter on icing skates , hands up and holding on to each other get readies to begun their performance on the icing .	Two female holding each other .
entailment	Two sweet juvenile daughters on ice skates , hands up and holding on to each other get poised to launch their performance on the ice .	Two females holding each other .
entailment	Two sweet teenager girl on icing skates , hands up and holding on to each other get prepared to start their performance on the ice .	Two females holding each other .
entailment	A white males taking a photographs in front of water .	A male is in front of water .
entailment	A white male taking a picture in front of water .	A men is in front of water .
entailment	A white masculine taking a image in front of water .	A men is in front of water .
entailment	A men in bright shirt carrying a fallen branch .	There is one masculine in this photographs , and he is exterior .
entailment	A man in bright shirt carry a fallen branch .	There is one man in this photos , and he is outboard .
entailment	A men in bright shirt carrying a fallen branch .	There is one males in this photographer , and he is outboard .
entailment	A men wearing blue undergarments , a white helmet , and a green-striped shirt is shown on ski in airlines , against a blue sky with a unique puffy cloud .	The sky is blue with a single puffy cloud .
entailment	A men wearing blue breeches , a white helmet , and a green-striped shirt is shown on ski in airline , against a blue skies with a unique puffy cloud .	The skies is blue with a single puffy cloud .
entailment	A males wearing blue pants , a white helmet , and a green-striped shirt is shown on skis in aviation , against a blue sky with a sole puffy cloud .	The sky is blue with a single puffy cloud .
entailment	Picture of two man play in a band , one playing the drum and one playing a xylophone type of instrument , in a dark rooms with two unrecognizable people watching in the background .	People are making music together .
entailment	Picture of two man play in a band , one playing the drum and one play a xylophone type of instrument , in a dark rooms with two unrecognizable people watching in the background .	People are making music together .
entailment	Picture of two mens play in a band , one play the drum and one playing a xylophone type of instrument , in a dark room with two unrecognizable people watching in the background .	People are making music together .
entailment	Adults and adolescence share in the searches at something , and some child ladies stand to the side .	Some youth are looking
entailment	Adults and teens share in the searches at something , and some children ladies stand to the side .	Some youngsters are looking
entailment	Adults and teenager share in the searching at something , and some minors ladies stand to the side .	Some teenage are looking
entailment	Adults and teens share in the looking at something , and some teenagers ladies stand to the side .	Some children are searching while some ladies stand
entailment	Adults and miner share in the searching at something , and some kids ladies stand to the side .	Some teenage are quest while some ladies stand
entailment	Adults and underage share in the looking at something , and some teenager ladies stand to the side .	Some kid are quest while some ladies stand
entailment	A dog standing near snowy searches at water .	Animal is outdoors .
entailment	A dog standing near snow searching at water .	Animal is outdoors .
entailment	A dog standing near snow quest at water .	Animal is outdoors .
entailment	Very adolescents boy is standing outdoor near a water fountain that is built into the ground and is squirting water .	The boy is standing near a water fountain .
entailment	Very adolescent boy is standing exterior near a water fountain that is built into the ground and is squirting water .	The boy is standing near a water fountain .
entailment	Very juvenile boy is standing outdoor near a water fountain that is built into the ground and is squirting water .	The boy is standing near a water fountain .
entailment	The white dog runs across the snow .	The dog is outside .
entailment	The white dog runs across the snow .	The dog is exterior .
entailment	The white dog runs across the snow .	The dog is outdoor .
entailment	Man in casual dark shirt and underpants and hat dances with curly-haired blond female in short red frock and red high heels	Dancing is going on a rooms .
entailment	Man in casual dark shirt and underpants and hat dances with curly-haired blond females in short red dress and red high heels	Dancing is going on a room .
entailment	Man in casual dark shirt and panties and hat dances with curly-haired blond female in short red frock and red high heels	Dancing is going on a rooms .
entailment	Two auto , one red and one blue , racing each other in a very tight and competitive nature as followers stand by and watch .	The red and blue vehicular are races for the complete line .
entailment	Two automobiles , one red and one blue , errand each other in a very tight and competitive nature as fans stand by and watch .	The red and blue autos are race for the finishing line .
entailment	Two vehicular , one red and one blue , race each other in a very tight and competitive nature as followers stand by and watch .	The red and blue automobiles are errand for the completing line .
entailment	Two vehicles , one red and one blue , race each other in a very tight and competitive nature as enthusiasts stand by and watch .	Two auto are race .
entailment	Two vehicular , one red and one blue , racing each other in a very tight and competitive nature as fans stand by and watch .	Two vehicular are errand .
entailment	Two vehicle , one red and one blue , racing each other in a very tight and competitive nature as enthusiasts stand by and watch .	Two automobiles are race .
entailment	A persons with a green sac is riding a bike down the pathway .	There is a individuals with a green bag .
entailment	A persons with a green wallets is riding a motorcycle down the routing .	There is a individuals with a green bag .
entailment	A person with a green rucksack is riding a moped down the path .	There is a individuals with a green handbag .
entailment	A female in a blue striped shirt is discussions to someone on the street .	A females discussions to someone .
entailment	A females in a blue striped shirt is discussions to someone on the street .	A females conversations to someone .
entailment	A woman in a blue striped shirt is conversation to someone on the street .	A females discussions to someone .
entailment	A panels of people in blazers and hats are kneeling outdoor posing for a photograph , each one with their dog by them on a leash .	Some people are outer kneeling .
entailment	A grouping of people in jackets and hats are kneeling exterior posing for a picture , each one with their dog by them on a leash .	Some people are outboard kneeling .
entailment	A groups of people in jackets and hats are kneeling outer posing for a image , each one with their dog by them on a leash .	Some people are outer kneeling .
entailment	Man race a quad on a filth racetrack .	A man races on a filth track .
entailment	Man race a quad on a filth racetrack .	A masculine race on a dirt track .
entailment	Man race a quad on a dirt racetrack .	A males racing on a filth track .
entailment	A blond women is searching at a camera that a brunette females is holding in front of a wall with many pieces of art on it .	A females is search at a camera .
entailment	A blond woman is searching at a camera that a brunette women is holding in front of a wall with diverse pieces of art on it .	A female is searches at a camera .
entailment	A blond woman is searches at a camera that a brunette female is holding in front of a wall with different pieces of art on it .	A woman is looking at a camera .
entailment	Using a soccer ball for support , a teenaged boy in blue sits atop a park bench .	A young is play in the park .
entailment	Using a soccer ball for support , a teenage boy in blue sits atop a park bench .	A juvenile is playing in the park .
entailment	Using a soccer ball for support , a adolescents boy in blue sits atop a park bench .	A teenage is play in the park .
entailment	A boy wearing a shirt with the Simpsons character , Ralph Wiggum , plays a Nintendo DS with his sister .	A boy is play a Nintendo DS with his sister .
entailment	A boy wearing a shirt with the Simpsons character , Ralph Wiggum , plays a Nintendo DS with his sister .	A boy is play a Nintendo DS with his sister .
entailment	A boy wearing a shirt with the Simpsons character , Ralph Wiggum , plays a Nintendo DS with his sister .	A boy is playing a Nintendo DS with his sister .
entailment	An age men leans against a pedestal outboard of an ornate building .	An elder masculine leans outside a building
entailment	An old masculine leans against a pedestal exterior of an ornate building .	An old males leans outdoor a building
entailment	An antiquated male leans against a pedestal outboard of an ornate building .	An aging male leans outdoor a building
entailment	The player in the white dribbles the ball , while the player in the orange tries to stop him .	Two people are playing ball .
entailment	The player in the white dribbles the ball , while the player in the orange tries to stopping him .	Two people are play ball .
entailment	The player in the white dribbles the ball , while the player in the orange tries to halt him .	Two people are play ball .
entailment	Two man are play during a basketball game .	Two masculine are play .
entailment	Two masculine are play during a basketball game .	Two masculine are playing .
entailment	Two man are playing during a basketball game .	Two masculine are playing .
entailment	Two petite white dogs running .	Two dogs are moving .
entailment	Two little white dogs running .	Two dogs are moving .
entailment	Two petite white dogs running .	Two dogs are moving .
entailment	Women enjoying a games of table tennis .	Women are playing ping bong .
entailment	Women enjoying a games of tables tennis .	Women are play ping pong .
entailment	Women enjoying a games of tables tennis .	Women are play ping pong .
entailment	railroad workers working on the trails at nighttime	there are people exterior at night
entailment	railroads workers working on the tracks at nighttime	there are people outside at night
entailment	railroad workers working on the trails at nighttime	there are people outside at night
entailment	An elderly females wearing a skirt is picking out vegetables at a local marketplace .	This woman is on a shopping journey .
entailment	An age woman wearing a skirt is picking out vegetables at a local marketplace .	This female is on a shopping trips .
entailment	An antiquated female wearing a skirt is picking out vegetables at a local marketplace .	This female is on a shopping travel .
entailment	Soccer players are play a nighttime game and the ball is in the planes , while the two teams battle for it .	The soccer game is being played at night .
entailment	Soccer gamers are play a nighttime games and the ball is in the air , while the two teams struggling for it .	The soccer games is being played at overnight .
entailment	Soccer players are playing a nightly game and the ball is in the airline , while the two teams struggles for it .	The soccer game is being played at night .
entailment	A person in orange apparel rests above a subway entry .	Someone is standing near a metro station .
entailment	A person in orange garments rests above a subway entrance .	Someone is standing near a subway station .
entailment	A individuals in orange sportswear rests above a metro entrance .	Someone is standing near a subway station .
entailment	A scruffy masculine is standing in front of a red shopping cart filled with boxes .	A masculine by a full shopping cart .
entailment	A scruffy male is standing in front of a red shopping cart filled with boxes .	A masculine by a full shopping cart .
entailment	A scruffy male is standing in front of a red shopping cart filled with boxes .	A mens by a full shopping cart .
entailment	A women wearing very solemnly colorful garments and she seems to be dances .	A person wearing very formal colorful garment and she seems to be dancing .
entailment	A females wearing very formally colorful apparel and she seems to be dances .	A persons wearing very solemnly colorful apparel and she seems to be dances .
entailment	A females wearing very official colorful apparel and she seems to be dancing .	A persons wearing very solemnly colorful apparel and she seems to be dances .
entailment	People standing with their motorbike .	The bicycle are besides the people .
entailment	People standing with their bicycles .	The motorbikes are besides the people .
entailment	People standing with their motorcycle .	The motorbike are besides the people .
entailment	A males with glasses wearing a tuxedo and corsage stands near a man in a suit at a officially events .	Two male standing together are clothed up .
entailment	A man with spectacles wearing a tuxedo and corsage stands near a men in a suit at a officially event .	Two male standing together are dressed up .
entailment	A male with spectacles wearing a tux and corsage stands near a man in a suit at a officially events .	Two man standing together are dressed up .
entailment	A masculine draws a caricature of a female .	A masculine drawing .
entailment	A mens draws a caricature of a females .	A men drawing .
entailment	A male draws a caricature of a women .	A masculine drawing .
entailment	Many roller derby gamers skate around the rink .	Roller derby players skating around the rink .
entailment	Many roller derby players skating around the rink .	Roller derby players skating around the rink .
entailment	Many roller derby gamers skate around the rink .	Roller derby gamers skate around the rink .
entailment	People , predominantly female and 2 referees , are skating fiercely during a roller derby match .	There is a roller derby matching involving women .
entailment	People , predominantly woman and 2 referee , are skate fiercely during a roller derby match .	There is a roller derby match involving women .
entailment	People , basically females and 2 referee , are skating fiercely during a roller derby matching .	There is a roller derby matches involving women .
entailment	The number eight rollerskater is taking the lead and pulling away from her negro and red clothed opponents .	A rollerskater pulling away from the packets .
entailment	The number eight rollerskater is taking the lead and pulling away from her black and red attired opponents .	A rollerskater pulling away from the bundles .
entailment	The number eight rollerskater is taking the lead and pulling away from her black and red clothed opponents .	A rollerskater pulling away from the packets .
entailment	The number eight rollerskater is taking the lead and pulling away from her negro and red dressed opponents .	A skater ahead of the competition in a errand .
entailment	The number eight rollerskater is taking the lead and pulling away from her black and red attired opponents .	A skater ahead of the competition in a racing .
entailment	The number eight rollerskater is taking the lead and pulling away from her black and red clothed opponents .	A skater ahead of the competitions in a racing .
entailment	A masculine clothed in negro and white is standing on the side of the street eating an icing cream cone .	The males is outdoors .
entailment	A masculine dressed in negro and white is standing on the side of the street eating an icing cream cone .	The males is outdoors .
entailment	A mens attired in negro and white is standing on the side of the street eating an ice cream cone .	The men is outdoors .
entailment	A youths men in a white hat is playing golf with an age men wearing a blue , long-sleeved shirt and khakis .	There are people of several ages outdoor play golf .
entailment	A kids man in a white hat is playing golf with an antiquated man wearing a blue , long-sleeved shirt and khakis .	There are people of varied ages outside playing golf .
entailment	A adolescence man in a white hat is play golf with an elderly men wearing a blue , long-sleeved shirt and khakis .	There are people of several ages outboard play golfing .
entailment	Workers are removes icing from a walkway .	Workers outside on a slippery walkway
entailment	Workers are remove frosting from a walkway .	Workers exterior on a slippery walkway
entailment	Workers are removes frosting from a walkway .	Workers exterior on a slippery walkway
entailment	Two males spar in martial arts gear .	There are different people present .
entailment	Two man spar in martial arts gear .	There are differing people present .
entailment	Two male spar in martial arts gear .	There are varying people present .
entailment	A girl in a blue frock takes off her footwear and eats blue cotton candy .	The girl is eating while barefoot .
entailment	A daughters in a blue frock takes off her shoes and eats blue cotton candy .	The girls is eating while barefoot .
entailment	A girl in a blue dress takes off her shoe and eats blue cotton candy .	The girls is eating while barefoot .
entailment	A men and women setup a camera .	Two people setup a device
entailment	A masculine and woman setup a camera .	Two people setup a device
entailment	A males and woman setup a camera .	Two people setup a device
entailment	Two teenage are quest through a telescope on a city street , and the boy is using a step ladder to see through the eyeglass .	Two kids are searching through a telescope together at a city street .
entailment	Two adolescent are quest through a telescope on a town street , and the boy is using a step ladder to see through the eyeglass .	Two youth are searching through a telescopes together at a city street .
entailment	Two teenager are searches through a telescopes on a town street , and the boy is using a step ladder to see through the eyeglass .	Two teenaged are search through a telescopes together at a town street .
entailment	Two persons use a photography kiosk	There are two individuals
entailment	Two individuals use a photos kiosk	There are two individuals
entailment	Two person use a photographer kiosk	There are two individuals
entailment	A teenaged juveniles plays on a beach next to an empty chairs .	There is one minors in this pictures .
entailment	A teenage juveniles plays on a beach next to an empty chairs .	There is one miner in this photographer .
entailment	A kids youthful plays on a beach next to an hollow chair .	There is one young in this photo .
entailment	A female standing in front of a wall holding a can of Bud Light with her shirt tied into a semi-halter .	Something alcoholic is visible .
entailment	A women standing in front of a wall holding a can of Bud Light with her shirt tied into a semi-halter .	Something alcoholic is visible .
entailment	A female standing in front of a wall holding a can of Bud Light with her shirt tied into a semi-halter .	Something alcoholic is visible .
entailment	A males stands by a upload of boxes near a pizza restaurant .	A males stands by boxes .
entailment	A men stands by a loads of boxes near a pizza restaurant .	A males stands by boxes .
entailment	A male stands by a loading of boxes near a pizza restaurant .	A masculine stands by boxes .
entailment	A black males in a white uniform makes a spectacular reverse slam dunk to the crowd 's amazement .	the masculine is playing
entailment	A negro masculine in a white uniform makes a spectacular reverse slam dunk to the crowd 's amazement .	the males is playing
entailment	A negro mens in a white uniformed makes a spectacular reverse slam dunk to the crowd 's amazement .	the males is playing
entailment	A males with a tan jacket with a full grocery sac is crossed the street .	The males is wearing a jacket .
entailment	A males with a tan jacket with a full grocery knapsack is cross the street .	The mens is wearing a jacket .
entailment	A males with a tan jacket with a full grocery purse is crossing the street .	The masculine is wearing a jacket .
entailment	A heavy crowd is gathered outside and one female is scream .	A woman yells while a panels of people gathers .
entailment	A overwhelming crowd is gathered outboard and one female is scream .	A women yells while a panels of people gathers .
entailment	A big crowd is gathered outside and one women is yelling .	A females yells while a groups of people gathers .
entailment	Lot of people are gathered in front of a building .	People gather in front of a building .
entailment	Lot of people are gathered in front of a building .	People gather in front of a building .
entailment	Lot of people are gathered in front of a building .	People gather in front of a building .
entailment	An doctor worker examining a miners daughter .	A health worker is appraisal a daughters .
entailment	An physician worker exploring a teenaged daughter .	A health worker is assess a girls .
entailment	An drug worker navigate a teenage daughters .	A health worker is appraisal a girls .
entailment	A girls in a negro jumper and jeans pours water into an empty soda bottle .	Someone pours water into a bottle
entailment	A girl in a negro jumper and jeans pours water into an empty soda bottle .	Someone pours water into a bottle
entailment	A girl in a black jumper and jeans pours water into an hollow soda bottle .	Someone pours water into a bottle
entailment	Men are playing rugby while cover in clay .	There is clay on the rugby players .
entailment	Men are play rugby while covered in clay .	There is clay on the rugby gamers .
entailment	Men are play rugby while covered in clay .	There is clay on the rugby gamers .
entailment	A woman in a hooded type coat is holding a golden colored axe .	A females holds an axe .
entailment	A female in a hooded type coat is holding a golden colored axe .	A females holds an hatchet .
entailment	A women in a hooded type coat is holding a golden colored hatchet .	A females holds an axe .
entailment	A roofer in a grey sweatshirt and orange hat walks on a unfinished roof at a lake-side home .	The roofer is exterior working .
entailment	A roofer in a grey sweatshirt and orange hat walks on a unfinished roof at a lake-side home .	The roofer is outboard working .
entailment	A roofer in a gray sweatshirt and orange hat walks on a unfinished roof at a lake-side home .	The roofer is outdoor working .
entailment	A men in jeans and a brown shirt jumps high in the planes in a living room that has a fireplace and woods floor .	a guy in brown jumps up in a rooms with a wooden floor
entailment	A males in jeans and a brown shirt jumps high in the planes in a living rooms that has a hearth and timber floor .	a guy in brown jumps up in a room with a wooden floor
entailment	A men in jeans and a brown shirt jumps high in the airplanes in a living room that has a fireplace and lumber floor .	a guy in brown jumps up in a room with a woods floor
entailment	A masculine in jeans and a brown shirt jumps high in the air in a living rooms that has a fireplace and timber floor .	a males jumps high
entailment	A masculine in jeans and a brown shirt jumps high in the aerial in a living rooms that has a fireplace and timber floor .	a male jumps high
entailment	A male in jeans and a brown shirt jumps high in the plane in a living rooms that has a hearth and lumber floor .	a mens jumps high
entailment	Man jumping up in the airlines and splitting his legs with his mouth opening .	A male is jumping .
entailment	Man jumping up in the plane and splitting his legs with his mouth opening .	A mens is jumping .
entailment	Man jumping up in the planes and split his legs with his mouth opening .	A man is jumping .
entailment	asia female sold fruits from baskets at an outer market	women sold fruits
entailment	asia women sells fruits from baskets at an outdoor market	women sell fruits
entailment	asian woman selling fruits from baskets at an exterior market	women sells fruits
entailment	A basketball player with green shoes is dunking the ball in the netted while the arena crowd looks on .	A crowd is watching someone playing basketball .
entailment	A basketball player with green shoe is dunking the ball in the net while the arena crowd looks on .	A crowd is watching someone play basketball .
entailment	A basketball player with green shoe is dunking the ball in the netted while the arena crowd looks on .	A crowd is watching someone playing basketball .
entailment	asia woman sell fruits from baskets at an outer market	asian women at a market
entailment	asian female sale fruits from baskets at an outdoor market	asian women at a market
entailment	asia female sells fruits from baskets at an outside market	asian females at a market
entailment	Women wait under their umbrellas for customer at a fresh food market .	The umbrellas are openings .
entailment	Women waiting under their umbrellas for client at a fresh food markets .	The umbrellas are opening .
entailment	Women waiting under their umbrellas for clients at a fresh food markets .	The umbrellas are opening .
entailment	Construction worker searches over the job site .	Construction worker at work
entailment	Construction worker quest over the job site .	Construction worker at work
entailment	Construction worker quest over the job site .	Construction worker at work
entailment	A basketball player in white in red goes up for the shot as two defensive masculine in red leap up to block the shot .	A basketball player is trying to make a shot while two gamers try to block it .
entailment	A basketball player in white in red goes up for the shot as two protects masculine in red leap up to block the shot .	A basketball player is trying to make a shot while two gamers attempt to block it .
entailment	A basketball player in white in red goes up for the shot as two protected mens in red leap up to block the shot .	A basketball player is trying to make a shot while two gamers attempt to block it .
entailment	Two people are sitting on a rock searching off into the distance .	Two people are outdoors .
entailment	Two people are sitting on a rock quest off into the distance .	Two people are outdoors .
entailment	Two people are sitting on a rock search off into the distance .	Two people are outdoors .
entailment	Woman smiling while holding a book and yellow paper star .	the female holding book and yellow paper star with smiling
entailment	Woman smiling while holding a book and yellow paper star .	the women holding book and yellow paper star with smiling
entailment	Woman smiling while holding a book and yellow paper star .	the females holding book and yellow paper star with smiling
entailment	A youths girls wearing a red shirt and ceiling smiling and holding a small toy is standing in front of a panel of juvenile playing behind her .	The kids daughters is wearing a red shirt .
entailment	A youth girl wearing a red shirt and chaps smiling and holding a little toy is standing in front of a panels of youthful playing behind her .	The juvenile daughters is wearing a red shirt .
entailment	A teens daughter wearing a red shirt and ceilings smiling and holding a petite toy is standing in front of a panel of teenage playing behind her .	The kid girl is wearing a red shirt .
entailment	A kid families enjoys feeling marines waves lap at their foot .	A families is at the beach .
entailment	A adolescents family enjoys feeling nautical waves lap at their foot .	A families is at the beach .
entailment	A youth families enjoys feeling oceans waves lap at their footing .	A families is at the beach .
entailment	A frowning outdated male in a serviceman chaps and a civilians suit stands amongst a crowd of people outdoors carry signs and balloons .	A group of people are standing outside .
entailment	A frowning aging man in a servicemen ceilings and a civilians suit stands amongst a crowd of people outdoors carry signs and balloons .	A groups of people are standing outside .
entailment	A frowning antique male in a servicemen ceiling and a civilian suit stands amongst a crowd of people outdoors carry signs and balloons .	A groups of people are standing outboard .
entailment	A shirtless man is painted over a graffiti filled wall with a paint roller .	A man is paints a wall .
entailment	A shirtless mens is painted over a graffiti filled wall with a paintings roller .	A mens is paintings a wall .
entailment	A shirtless males is paintings over a graffiti filled wall with a paints roller .	A mens is painted a wall .
entailment	A mens on a bicycle , wearing biking gear , riding at a fast past down paved trail surrounded by tree 's and grass .	The man is riding rapidly down a trail .
entailment	A mens on a motorcycles , wearing cyclist gear , riding at a swiftly past down paved trail surrounded by trees 's and grass .	The masculine is riding quick down a trail .
entailment	A males on a moped , wearing biking gear , riding at a swiftly past down paved trail surrounded by tree 's and grass .	The masculine is riding swiftly down a trail .
entailment	A men with a paddle stands next to a females with a bikini top ; and her weapons are in a dances pose .	someone dances while a mens holds a paddle
entailment	A men with a paddle stands next to a females with a bikini top ; and her armed are in a dancing pose .	someone dance while a males holds a paddle
entailment	A males with a paddling stands next to a female with a bikini top ; and her guns are in a dances pose .	someone dances while a masculine holds a paddle
entailment	Asian persons are taking images of some unknown thing .	Asians take photographic .
entailment	Asian individuals are taking picture of some unidentified thing .	Asians take photographer .
entailment	Asian person are taking photographing of some unidentified thing .	Asians take photo .
entailment	A groups of teenage grownups are standing on a street in front of a brick wall with a tall wooden door .	A groups stands on the street in front of a brick wall .
entailment	A group of juveniles adults are standing on a street in front of a brick wall with a tall wood door .	A panels stands on the street in front of a brick wall .
entailment	A panels of adolescent adult are standing on a street in front of a brick wall with a tall woods gate .	A grouping stands on the street in front of a brick wall .
entailment	A males , wearing a cap , is pushing a cart , on which jumbo display boards are maintained , on a pathway .	The mens is pushing a cart down the route .
entailment	A masculine , wearing a cap , is pushing a cart , on which massive display boards are kept , on a paths .	The male is pushing a cart down the pathway .
entailment	A male , wearing a ceilings , is pushing a cart , on which huge display boards are maintained , on a path .	The mens is pushing a cart down the pathway .
entailment	A yellow races auto sliding through a cornering as spectators watch .	A racecar is being watched .
entailment	A yellow races vehicular sliding through a corner as spectators watch .	A racecar is being watched .
entailment	A yellow racing vehicles sliding through a corner as viewers watch .	A racecar is being watched .
entailment	A mens and a female running in the street .	The male and woman are outdoors .
entailment	A men and a females running in the street .	The mens and female are outdoors .
entailment	A men and a female running in the street .	The males and women are outdoors .
entailment	A females with a wallets is sitting amongst three people who are reading books .	The female is sitting .
entailment	A female with a purses is sitting amongst three people who are reading books .	The females is sitting .
entailment	A females with a bag is sitting amongst three people who are reading ledger .	The women is sitting .
entailment	A woman wearing bicycling shorts and a skirt is riding a motorbike and carry a shoulder handbag .	A woman on a bicycles .
entailment	A women wearing bike shorts and a skirt is riding a moped and carrying a shoulder rucksack .	A women on a mopeds .
entailment	A female wearing bicycling shorts and a skirt is riding a cycling and carry a shoulder wallets .	A female on a motorcycles .
entailment	A scientist studied a slide in ordering to work on her new creation .	A researchers explore a slide that is connected to her invention .
entailment	A scientist studies a slide in orders to work on her newest creation .	A researchers vessel a slide that is connected to her invention .
entailment	A researchers probing a slide in orders to work on her newer creation .	A researchers investigation a slide that is linked to her invention .
entailment	A small quaint city all lit up during the holiday season .	There are illumination in the town .
entailment	A petite quaint city all illuminated up during the holiday season .	There are illumination in the city .
entailment	A little quaint city all illuminated up during the holiday season .	There are lights in the town .
entailment	A person dressed in a jacket and long undergarments walks down a snow-covered street in a little city .	The breeches are lengthy .
entailment	A persons attired in a jacket and lengthy panties walks down a snow-covered street in a petite town .	The underclothes are lengthy .
entailment	A person clothed in a jacket and lengthy pants walks down a snow-covered street in a little town .	The underclothes are lengthy .
entailment	A student in a green shirt is writing in a mobile .	A persons with a book
entailment	A schoolboys in a green shirt is writing in a mobiles .	A persons with a book
entailment	A student in a green shirt is write in a notebooks .	A individuals with a book
entailment	A mountainous photographic is finishing with a blue skies .	Someone has taken a photographing .
entailment	A hilly picture is finishing with a blue skies .	Someone has taken a photographing .
entailment	A mountainous photographic is completes with a blue skies .	Someone has taken a photograph .
entailment	Young boy plays with a truck outdoors , while a woman waits .	Young boy plays outside
entailment	Young boy plays with a truck outdoors , while a woman waits .	Young boy plays outside
entailment	Young boy plays with a truck outdoors , while a women waits .	Young boy plays outside
entailment	A males in a purple mascot costume is standing outer of a store while a mens and a women each wearing flamboyant clothing stand off to the side .	The men is wearing the costume .
entailment	A males in a purple mascot costume is standing outdoor of a boutique while a masculine and a woman each wearing flamboyant garments stand off to the side .	The male is wearing the costume .
entailment	A mens in a purple mascot costume is standing exterior of a boutique while a males and a women each wearing flamboyant clothing stand off to the side .	The men is wearing the costume .
entailment	A individuals in a big pink triangle-shaped costume waves as a man and a women clothed in matching brightly-colored striped and polka-dotted outfits smile back .	The person is moving her hand .
entailment	A individuals in a jumbo pink triangle-shaped costume waves as a male and a females attired in matching brightly-colored striped and polka-dotted outfits smile back .	The person is moving her hand .
entailment	A individuals in a vast pink triangle-shaped costume waves as a men and a woman attired in match brightly-colored striped and polka-dotted outfits smile back .	The individuals is moving her hand .
entailment	Three male on mountain mopeds go over a sand hill .	Men on motorcycle go over a sand hill .
entailment	Three masculine on mountain cyclist go over a sand hill .	Men on motorbikes go over a sand hill .
entailment	Three males on mountain bikes go over a sand hill .	Men on bicycle go over a sand hill .
entailment	A masculine and woman in formally garb are standing in a high grass meadow , posing for the picture , and she has two of her fingers up on one hand behind his head .	A couple are having a photoshoot .
entailment	A mens and women in formal attire are standing in a high grass meadow , posing for the photography , and she has two of her fingers up on one hand behind his head .	A couple are having a photoshoot .
entailment	A men and female in officially dress are standing in a high grass meadow , posing for the photographic , and she has two of her fingers up on one hand behind his head .	A couple are having a photoshoot .
entailment	A skateboarding minor does a ploy on a rail .	A adolescence persons on a skateboarding .
entailment	A skateboarding kid does a ploy on a rail .	A youth persons on a skateboard .
entailment	A skateboarding miner does a ploy on a rail .	A youths person on a skateboard .
entailment	Four mens are posing behind a funds logging .	Four male are posing .
entailment	Four males are posing behind a finance log .	Four men are posing .
entailment	Four males are posing behind a financial registration .	Four masculine are posing .
entailment	an Asian females dancing with lengthy ribbons , she is medium leap with her legs pointed to the right and the red ribbons flowing on either side of her	AN Asian female is dances .
entailment	an Asian female dance with lengthy ribbons , she is medium leap with her legs pointed to the right and the red ribbons flowing on either side of her	AN Asian women is dances .
entailment	an Asian women dance with long ribbons , she is middle leap with her legs pointed to the right and the red ribbons flowing on either side of her	AN Asian woman is dance .
entailment	A heavy black poodle running on the grass with a toy in its mouth .	A dog is play outboard .
entailment	A enormous black poodle running on the grass with a toy in its mouth .	A dog is playing outboard .
entailment	A jumbo negro poodle running on the grass with a toy in its mouth .	A dog is playing outboard .
entailment	A smaller boy in a cowboy hat rides a immense equestrian .	A boy rides a equestrian .
entailment	A teenagers boy in a cowboy hat rides a enormous horse .	A boy rides a horse .
entailment	A adolescent boy in a cowboy hat rides a massive horse .	A boy rides a horse .
entailment	A males stands on a dock near many probing , while 2 other male are on one of the boat .	A male is standing .
entailment	A males stands on a wharf near numerous investigating , while 2 other men are on one of the survey .	A males is standing .
entailment	A masculine stands on a wharf near numerous browse , while 2 other masculine are on one of the investigation .	A males is standing .
entailment	A males wearing a blue shirt and headphones around his neck raises his arm .	A male is raising his arm .
entailment	A man wearing a blue shirt and earphones around his neck raises his arm .	A mens is raising his arm .
entailment	A men wearing a blue shirt and earphone around his neck raises his arm .	A male is raising his arm .
entailment	A man rides a black mopeds while wearing a helmet and a van rides beside him in the distance .	A moped and a van ride next to each other .
entailment	A male rides a negro bike while wearing a helmet and a van rides beside him in the distance .	A bicycles and a van ride next to each other .
entailment	A males rides a negro cyclist while wearing a helmet and a van rides beside him in the distance .	A biking and a van ride next to each other .
entailment	A red truck is parked next to a burn blue building while a men in a green vest runs towards it .	The combustion blue building aromas of smoke
entailment	A red truck is parked next to a burns blue building while a mens in a green vest runs toward it .	The burns blue building perfumes of smoke
entailment	A red truck is parked next to a combustion blue building while a mens in a green vest runs toward it .	The burning blue building scent of smoke
entailment	Two abdomen dancers perform with each other in the streets while passersby look on and watch the display .	Two stomach dancers perform
entailment	Two abdomen dancers perform with each other in the streets while passersby look on and watch the display .	Two belly dancers perform
entailment	Two stomach dancers perform with each other in the streets while passersby look on and watch the display .	Two stomach dancers perform
entailment	A groups of smaller in African garment .	A person in clothing
entailment	A panels of adolescent in African garments .	A person in clothing
entailment	A groups of adolescent in African clothing .	A individuals in clothing
entailment	a soccer player with negro and red striped uniforms gets readies to kick the soccer ball	a soccer player gets poised to kick the ball .
entailment	a soccer player with black and red striped uniformed gets ready to kick the soccer ball	a soccer player gets poised to kick the ball .
entailment	a soccer player with negro and red striped uniformed gets prepared to kick the soccer ball	a soccer player gets poised to kick the ball .
entailment	A couple walk hand in hand down a street .	A couple is walking together .
entailment	A couple walk hand in hand down a street .	A couple is walking together .
entailment	A couple walk hand in hand down a street .	A couple is walking together .
entailment	A males wearing a hat and boots is digging for something in the snow .	A males is digging the snowy outboard .
entailment	A mens wearing a hat and boots is digs for something in the snow .	A man is excavation the snow exterior .
entailment	A mens wearing a hat and boots is digging for something in the snow .	A males is excavating the snowy outdoor .
entailment	Two people , one wearing an orange jersey and a white belt , and another wearing a blue jersey and a red belt are playing flag football .	Two people play flag football .
entailment	Two people , one wearing an orange jersey and a white belt , and another wearing a blue jersey and a red belt are play flag football .	Two people playing flag football .
entailment	Two people , one wearing an orange jersey and a white belt , and another wearing a blue jersey and a red belt are play flag football .	Two people play flag football .
entailment	Two people , one wearing an orange jersey and a white belt , and another wearing a blue jersey and a red belt are play flag football .	Two people on oposite teams play flag football .
entailment	Two people , one wearing an orange jersey and a white belt , and another wearing a blue jersey and a red belt are play flag football .	Two people on oposite teams play flag football .
entailment	Two people , one wearing an orange jersey and a white belt , and another wearing a blue jersey and a red belt are play flag football .	Two people on oposite teams play flag football .
entailment	A guy in a blue shirt hunts a guy in an orange shirt during a games of flag football .	Two people are play flag football .
entailment	A guy in a blue shirt hunted a guy in an orange shirt during a game of flag football .	Two people are play flag football .
entailment	A guy in a blue shirt manhunt a guy in an orange shirt during a games of flag football .	Two people are play flag football .
entailment	A guy wearing jeans and a hat is crouching on a handrail with a concrete embankment located in front of him .	A males is crouching on a handrail .
entailment	A guy wearing jeans and a hat is crouching on a handrail with a concrete embankment located in front of him .	A mens is crouching on a handrail .
entailment	A guy wearing jeans and a hat is crouching on a handrail with a concrete embankment located in front of him .	A male is crouching on a handrail .
entailment	A groups of people are walking by a van .	Some people outdoors .
entailment	A groups of people are walking by a van .	Some people outdoors .
entailment	A panels of people are walking by a van .	Some people outdoors .
entailment	Female in a soldier standardized with her hair tied back .	the woman is wearing a ponytail
entailment	Female in a soldier uniform with her hair tied back .	the female is wearing a ponytail
entailment	Female in a solider uniformed with her hair tied back .	the women is wearing a ponytail
entailment	Female in a serviceman uniformed with her hairstyle tied back .	the women is wearing her hairdo up
entailment	Female in a solider uniform with her hairstyle tied back .	the females is wearing her hairstyle up
entailment	Female in a serviceman standardized with her hairstyle tied back .	the woman is wearing her hair up
entailment	A mens in a red shirt and a blue hat is sitting on a sidewalk and touching drinking eyeglasses .	a guy with a hat sits with a glass
entailment	A men in a red shirt and a blue hat is sitting on a sidewalk and touch drinking spectacles .	a guy with a hat sits with a glass
entailment	A male in a red shirt and a blue hat is sitting on a pavement and touch drinking goggles .	a guy with a hat sits with a glass
entailment	A female in a striped shirt holds an newborn .	A females is attired .
entailment	A females in a striped shirt holds an infant .	A female is clothed .
entailment	A females in a striped shirt holds an newborns .	A female is attired .
entailment	a males playing guitar and signing next to a woman in a frock play an instrument	A masculine and woman make music .
entailment	a masculine play guitar and signing next to a woman in a attire play an instrument	A males and women make music .
entailment	a male play guitar and signature next to a females in a attire playing an instrument	A man and women make music .
entailment	Two miner musicians playing from a stages .	Two people on a stage
entailment	Two teens musicians play from a stages .	Two people on a stage
entailment	Two youth musicians play from a stage .	Two people on a stage
entailment	A female is holding her juvenile while a males is reading something from a piece of paper and taking something from a bowl that a cadet daughters is holding in a park with a petite lake in the background .	There are people outside
entailment	A female is holding her teenager while a masculine is reading something from a piece of paper and taking something from a bowl that a younger girl is holding in a park with a little lake in the background .	There are people outside
entailment	A woman is holding her teenager while a males is reading something from a piece of paper and taking something from a bowl that a cadet girl is holding in a park with a little lake in the background .	There are people outside
entailment	A girls with short hairstyle and a white shirt is holding a beer bottle	There is a daughter holding a beer bottle .
entailment	A girl with short hairdo and a white shirt is holding a beer bottle	There is a girl holding a beer bottle .
entailment	A daughter with short hairdo and a white shirt is holding a beer bottle	There is a girl holding a beer bottle .
entailment	Girl in a red coat , blue head wrap and jeans is making a snow angels .	A daughter exterior plays in the snow .
entailment	Girl in a red coat , blue head wrap and jeans is making a snowy angels .	A daughter outboard plays in the snow .
entailment	Girl in a red coat , blue head wrap and jeans is making a snow angels .	A girl exterior plays in the snow .
entailment	Mother and daughter are meeting for the first time .	The mama and girls are meeting .
entailment	Mother and daughters are meeting for the first time .	The mum and daughters are meeting .
entailment	Mother and girl are meeting for the first time .	The moms and girls are meeting .
entailment	A team of surgeons operate on a women patient .	The surgeons are operating .
entailment	A team of surgeons operate on a women patient .	The surgeons are operating .
entailment	A team of surgeons operate on a women patient .	The surgeon are operating .
entailment	The juvenile boy in a red shirt and jeans resisting his sister 's requesting for water on the road .	A boy denies his sister a drink .
entailment	The miner boy in a red shirt and jeans resists his sister 's requests for water on the paths .	A boy denies his sister a drank .
entailment	The teenaged boy in a red shirt and jeans resisting his sister 's requests for water on the route .	A boy denies his sister a drink .
entailment	The adolescence boy in a red shirt and jeans resists his sister 's request for water on the paths .	Kids do n't share water .
entailment	The miner boy in a red shirt and jeans resisting his sister 's requests for water on the paths .	Kids do n't share water .
entailment	The teen boy in a red shirt and jeans resist his sister 's request for water on the routing .	Kids do n't share water .
entailment	A woman with red-hair and immense tattoo is sitting in a chairs outdoor .	There 's a dame with ginger hair
entailment	A female with red-hair and vast tattoo is sitting in a chair outboard .	There 's a dame with ginger hair
entailment	A females with red-hair and big tattoo is sitting in a chair outside .	There 's a dame with ginger hair
entailment	Several member of a community are celebrating with music and costumes during a festival or parties .	People are celebrating with music and costumes .
entailment	Several members of a community are celebrating with music and costumes during a festival or party .	People are celebrating with music and costumes .
entailment	Several members of a community are celebrating with music and costumes during a festival or parties .	People are celebrating with music and costumes .
entailment	Three youthful men wearing backpacks , shorts , t-shirts , sandals and hats are standing together on a sandy surface with palm tree in the distance .	A small grouping of male clad in summery clothing are standing on sandy palm tree lined beach .
entailment	Three smaller man wearing backpacks , shorts , t-shirts , sandals and hats are standing together on a sandy surfaces with palm tree in the distance .	A small grouping of male clad in summery sportswear are standing on sandy palm tree lined beach .
entailment	Three teen man wearing backpacks , shorts , t-shirts , sandals and hats are standing together on a sandy surface with palm tree in the distance .	A small group of mens clad in summery apparel are standing on sandy palm tree lined beach .
entailment	Man and females rowing on surfboards thirds rower in distance .	Couples rowing on surfboards .
entailment	Man and women rowing on surfboards thirds rower in distance .	Couples rowing on surfboards .
entailment	Man and woman rowing on surfboards thirds rower in distance .	Couples rowing on surfboards .
entailment	A underage slides down a yellow slide into a swim pool .	The kids slides into the pool .
entailment	A adolescence slides down a yellow slide into a swim pool .	The minor slides into the pool .
entailment	A teenaged slides down a yellow slide into a swim pool .	The underage slides into the pool .
entailment	An old male is riding a bicycle with a blue laundry hamper full of garments on his handlebars .	An archaic males is riding a bikes with a blue laundry hamper that is full of garment on his handlebars .
entailment	An elderly men is riding a biking with a blue laundry hamper full of clothes on his handlebars .	An seniors mens is riding a bicycling with a blue laundry hamper that is full of apparel on his handlebars .
entailment	An elderly mens is riding a bikes with a blue laundry hamper full of clothing on his handlebars .	An aging masculine is riding a mopeds with a blue laundry hamper that is full of apparel on his handlebars .
entailment	An aging masculine is riding a bike with a blue laundry hamper full of sportswear on his handlebars .	A man is on his mopeds with a laundry hamper .
entailment	An antiquated mens is riding a bike with a blue laundry hamper full of apparel on his handlebars .	A males is on his motorcycles with a laundry hamper .
entailment	An elderly masculine is riding a biking with a blue laundry hamper full of sportswear on his handlebars .	A men is on his motorbike with a laundry hamper .
entailment	An senior white female makes cupcakes in her kitchen .	An old female is in a kitchen .
entailment	An archaic white women makes cupcakes in her kitchen .	An aged women is in a kitchen .
entailment	An elders white female makes cupcakes in her kitchen .	An elders women is in a kitchen .
entailment	An elder white women makes cupcakes in her kitchen .	An seniors females is baking .
entailment	An senior white female makes cupcakes in her kitchen .	An elders woman is baking .
entailment	An elder white woman makes cupcakes in her kitchen .	An old female is baking .
entailment	a teenage girls quest down through some leaves from atop a tree .	There is a girls outdoors .
entailment	a miners daughters searches down through some leaves from atop a trees .	There is a daughter outdoors .
entailment	a adolescence daughters searches down through some leaves from atop a trees .	There is a daughter outdoors .
entailment	A man in goggles and an orange shirt is sitting exterior next to a table with drinks on it .	A males sits outdoor by a table
entailment	A masculine in glasses and an orange shirt is sitting outer next to a table with drinks on it .	A man sits outdoor by a table
entailment	A men in eyeglasses and an orange shirt is sitting outdoor next to a table with beverages on it .	A mens sits outdoor by a table
entailment	A team of men , three in red shirts and two others in baseball jackets , re-surface a baseball diamonds with specialized tools .	A grounds crew conserve a park .
entailment	A team of men , three in red shirts and two others in baseball jerseys , re-surface a baseball diamond with specialized tools .	A grounds crew maintaining a park .
entailment	A team of males , three in red shirts and two others in baseball blazers , re-surface a baseball diamonds with specialized tools .	A grounds crew keep a park .
entailment	The American footballer in yellow catches the ball whilst under pressure from the payer in white .	The football player is under duress .
entailment	The American footballer in yellow catches the ball whilst under pressure from the payer in white .	The football player is under duress .
entailment	The American footballer in yellow catches the ball whilst under pressure from the payer in white .	The football player is under duress .
entailment	A groups of kids split into a maroon team and a blue team play a soccer games .	Kids are playing soccer .
entailment	A group of smaller dividing into a maroon team and a blue team play a soccer games .	Kids are playing soccer .
entailment	A groups of teenage splitting into a maroon team and a blue team playing a soccer games .	Kids are play soccer .
entailment	A high school band getting poised to perform .	A high school band prepares to playing in front of a overwhelming crowd .
entailment	A high school bands getting braced to perform .	A high school bands prepares to play in front of a monumental crowd .
entailment	A high school bands getting ready to perform .	A high school band prepares to play in front of a jumbo crowd .
entailment	A high school band getting braced to perform .	A high school band prepares themselves to put on a musical performance .
entailment	A high school bands getting braced to perform .	A high school band prepares themselves to put on a musical performance .
entailment	A high school band getting braced to perform .	A high school bands prepares themselves to put on a musical performance .
entailment	A thin brunette female lounges while reading on a rooftop overlooking a cityscape .	A woman is on a rooftop .
entailment	A thin brunette woman lounges while reading on a rooftop overlooking a cityscape .	A women is on a rooftop .
entailment	A thin brunette women lounges while reading on a rooftop overlooking a cityscape .	A woman is on a rooftop .
entailment	The American footballer in yellow catches the ball whilst under pressure from the payer in white .	The American football player in yellow catches the ball while under pressure from the player in white .
entailment	The American footballer in yellow catches the ball whilst under pressure from the payer in white .	The American football player in yellow catches the ball while under pressure from the player in white .
entailment	The American footballer in yellow catches the ball whilst under pressure from the payer in white .	The American football player in yellow catches the ball while under pressure from the player in white .
entailment	Children at daycare playing on rings , and poles , one parent standing and holding her smaller and one professors is sitting on the bench watching the others play .	Children are playing .
entailment	Children at daycare play on ring , and poles , one parent standing and holding her adolescence and one teachers is sitting on the bench watching the others play .	Children are play .
entailment	Children at daycare play on ringing , and poles , one parent standing and holding her teenagers and one teacher is sitting on the bench watching the others play .	Children are playing .
entailment	there are 5 people on a stages without their face showing behind a red curtain	People are standing on stages .
entailment	there are 5 people on a stage without their face showing behind a red curtain	People are standing on stage .
entailment	there are 5 people on a stages without their face showing behind a red curtain	People are standing on stage .
entailment	Five people standing on a stage , getting ready to perform , who are unrecognizable due to the shortage of lights .	In a dim rooms , varied actors who can barely see each other , are getting poised to act .
entailment	Five people standing on a stage , getting poised to perform , who are unrecognizable due to the lacks of lighting .	In a dim rooms , multiple actors who can barely see each other , are getting prepared to act .
entailment	Five people standing on a stages , getting prepared to perform , who are unrecognizable due to the lacks of illumination .	In a dim rooms , several actors who can barely see each other , are getting ready to act .
entailment	A males wearing white turns to hit a yellow tennis ball .	A male plays tennis .
entailment	A men wearing white turns to hit a yellow tennis ball .	A mens plays tennis .
entailment	A men wearing white turns to hit a yellow tennis ball .	A mens plays tennis .
entailment	A man wearing white turns to hit a yellow tennis ball .	Someone takes a swing at a ball .
entailment	A men wearing white turns to hit a yellow tennis ball .	Someone takes a swing at a ball .
entailment	A male wearing white turns to hit a yellow tennis ball .	Someone takes a swing at a ball .
entailment	A masculine with ski pole and a massive campground rucksack treks through the snow .	A males is trekking through the snow with ski pole .
entailment	A male with ski pole and a heavy campsite purse treks through the snowy .	A mens is trekking through the snowy with ski poles .
entailment	A males with skis pole and a heavy campsite pockets treks through the snowy .	A mens is trekking through the snow with ski pole .
entailment	A hockey player in blue and red guard the purposes .	a individuals playing a sport
entailment	A hockey player in blue and red guard the purpose .	a person playing a sport
entailment	A hockey player in blue and red guards the aims .	a persons playing a sport
entailment	A woman wearing a yellow tank top and white trousers searches into a window on a city street .	A women wearing a tank top and pants looks through some glass .
entailment	A females wearing a yellow tank top and white panties quest into a window on a town street .	A woman wearing a tank top and pants looks through some glass .
entailment	A female wearing a yellow tank top and white trousers search into a window on a town street .	A females wearing a tank top and breeches looks through some glass .
entailment	People search at a tiny dog sitting on a pavement .	Some humans looking
entailment	People searching at a tiny dog sitting on a sidewalk .	Some humans looking
entailment	People search at a tiny dog sitting on a sidewalk .	Some humans looking
entailment	It is a march of people of assorted backgrounds all walking and one guy in a green shirt holds a flag .	A man holds a flag .
entailment	It is a march of people of multiple backgrounds all walking and one guy in a green shirt holds a flag .	A men holds a flag .
entailment	It is a march of people of myriad backgrounds all walking and one guy in a green shirt holds a flag .	A males holds a flag .
entailment	A snowboarder making a hefty leap doing a ploy on a high mountain .	A snowbaorder performs a ploy leap .
entailment	A snowboarder making a immense leap doing a ploy on a high mountain .	A snowbaorder performs a ploy jump .
entailment	A snowboarder making a gigantic leap doing a trick on a high mountain .	A snowbaorder performs a trick leap .
entailment	Two ladies hide behind their cotton candy , and smiling on the pavement .	Two woman with cotton candy smile .
entailment	Two ladies hiding behind their cotton candy , and smiling on the pavement .	Two females with cotton candy smile .
entailment	Two ladies camouflaged behind their cotton candy , and smiling on the sidewalk .	Two women with cotton candy smile .
entailment	Two people are riding at once on one lonesome motorcycles .	Two people taking a ride together on a bicyle outside .
entailment	Two people are riding at once on one exclusive moped .	Two people taking a ride together on a bicyle exterior .
entailment	Two people are riding at once on one exclusive bicycle .	Two people taking a ride together on a bicyle outside .
entailment	A person with blue hairstyle , a baseball chap , and a hood on stands outdoors in a crowd .	A person is standing outdoors .
entailment	A persons with blue hairstyle , a baseball ceilings , and a hood on stands outdoors in a crowd .	A persons is standing outdoors .
entailment	A person with blue hairstyle , a baseball chap , and a hood on stands outdoors in a crowd .	A persons is standing outdoors .
entailment	A male riding a bicycling on a dirt routing passing numerous junk or abandoned car on the side of the paths .	A men is riding a motorcyle .
entailment	A masculine riding a moped on a dirt route passing numerous junk or abandoned cars on the side of the routes .	A males is riding a motorcyle .
entailment	A mens riding a bike on a dirt paths passing diverse junk or abandoned vehicles on the side of the routing .	A males is riding a motorcyle .
entailment	The people await to crossed the street while walking the dog .	people are with a dog
entailment	The people awaits to cross the street while walking the dog .	people are with a dog
entailment	The people await to crossed the street while walking the dog .	people are with a dog
entailment	A daughters with black underclothes on is lowered a camera onto the running track .	A camera is being lowered onto a running track by a daughter in negro pants
entailment	A girls with negro panties on is lowering a camera onto the running track .	A camera is being lowers onto a running track by a girl in black pants
entailment	A girl with black panties on is lowered a camera onto the running track .	A camera is being shortening onto a running track by a girls in negro pants
entailment	A kneeling men bends his ear to listen on another in front of a guitar and acoustics equipment .	Two male are near audible equipment .
entailment	A kneeling masculine bends his ear to listen on another in front of a guitar and audio equipment .	Two men are near audible equipment .
entailment	A kneeling mens bends his ear to listen on another in front of a guitar and acoustic equipment .	Two males are near acoustic equipment .
entailment	Bubbles surround a statue in the medium of a street .	There are bubbles around the statue .
entailment	Bubbles surround a statue in the medium of a street .	There are bubbles around the statue .
entailment	Bubbles surround a statue in the mid of a street .	There are bubbles around the statue .
entailment	Bubbles surround a statue in the middle of a street .	A statue is in the medium of the street .
entailment	Bubbles surround a statue in the mid of a street .	A statue is in the medium of the street .
entailment	Bubbles surround a statue in the media of a street .	A statue is in the media of the street .
entailment	Two man stand in the pathway , it almost appears to be some kind of cinema set on a sunny day in California .	Some people standing
entailment	Two males stand in the pathway , it nearly appears to be some sorting of movies set on a sunny day in California .	Some people standing
entailment	Two mens stand in the path , it almost appears to be some sort of movies set on a sunny day in California .	Some people standing
entailment	One persons kneels in front of a plastic bucket , while another leans towards a doorway and a third persons looks on from a dilapidated building .	One persons kneels in front of a plastic bucket . .
entailment	One individuals kneels in front of a plastic bucket , while another leans towards a doorway and a third persons looks on from a dilapidated building .	One persons kneels in front of a plastic pail . .
entailment	One individuals kneels in front of a plastic pail , while another leans toward a doorway and a third person looks on from a dilapidated building .	One person kneels in front of a plastic bucket . .
entailment	A panels of people sitting around a rectangular tables having either pieces of paper or laptops in front of them .	people sit around a table
entailment	A panels of people sitting around a rectangular tables having either pieces of paper or cellphone in front of them .	people sit around a table
entailment	A groups of people sitting around a rectangular table having either pieces of paper or portable in front of them .	people sit around a table
entailment	A male visiting a friend in the hospital .	A masculine and a patient in a hospital rooms .
entailment	A mens visiting a friend in the hospital .	A males and a patient in a hospital room .
entailment	A mens visiting a friend in the hospital .	A mens and a patients in a hospital room .
entailment	A mens visiting a friend in the hospital .	A men in a hospital receives a visiting friend .
entailment	A males visiting a friend in the hospital .	A masculine in a hospital receives a visiting friend .
entailment	A man visiting a friend in the hospital .	A man in a hospital receives a visiting friend .
entailment	An age men wearing stars and stripes rides a cycling .	An aged males rides a motorbikes .
entailment	An seniors mens wearing stars and stripes rides a motorbike .	An antiquated mens rides a motorcycle .
entailment	An outdated male wearing stars and stripes rides a motorbikes .	An outdated man rides a cycle .
entailment	A girls holding a beverage dotted at a paints .	The daughters has a beverage .
entailment	A girls holding a beverage dotted at a painted .	The daughter has a beverage .
entailment	A daughter holding a beverage points at a painting .	The daughter has a beverage .
entailment	A male on a motorcycles rides past a park , with a panel of people in the background .	A guy rides past the park .
entailment	A men on a cyclist rides past a park , with a grouping of people in the background .	A guy rides past the park .
entailment	A mens on a biking rides past a park , with a grouping of people in the background .	A guy rides past the park .
entailment	Four male are sitting in front of two massive windows ; one man is playing a guitar , one is play the bongo drum , and two are sitting back without instruments .	The four males are in front of windows .
entailment	Four men are sitting in front of two hefty windows ; one masculine is play a guitar , one is play the bongo drumming , and two are sitting back without instruments .	The four males are in front of windows .
entailment	Four male are sitting in front of two heavy windows ; one males is play a guitar , one is playing the bongo drumming , and two are sitting back without instruments .	The four man are in front of windows .
entailment	An bold males navigates through the jungle with a lengthy stick .	There is a persons outer .
entailment	An bold man navigates through the jungle with a lengthy stick .	There is a person outside .
entailment	An courageous men navigates through the jungle with a lengthy stick .	There is a person outdoor .
entailment	Cook handling hot tray with food on it .	cook prepares food
entailment	Cook handling hot tray with food on it .	cook prepares food
entailment	Cook handling hot tray with food on it .	cook prepares food
entailment	A boy rides his skateboard at the park .	A juvenile rides his skateboarding at the park .
entailment	A boy rides his skateboard at the park .	A kids rides his skateboarding at the park .
entailment	A boy rides his skateboard at the park .	A miner rides his skateboard at the park .
entailment	Five teenage , two boys and three daughter , with the girl wearing white scarves , sit on the sidewalk outside in front of a monumental window .	There are a few girl present .
entailment	Five underage , two boys and three daughters , with the girl wearing white scarves , sit on the sidewalk outdoor in front of a enormous window .	There are a few daughters present .
entailment	Five juveniles , two boys and three girls , with the girls wearing white scarves , sit on the sidewalk exterior in front of a enormous window .	There are a few girls present .
entailment	A dog is running in the waves at the beach .	An animal is running outdoor .
entailment	A dog is running in the waves at the beach .	An animals is running outside .
entailment	A dog is running in the waves at the beach .	An zoo is running outboard .
entailment	A middle-aged women in a light brown trench coat and black boots walks on the sidewalk past a shop entrances .	The middle-aged females is outdoors .
entailment	A middle-aged female in a light brown trench coat and black boots walks on the pavement past a shop entrances .	The middle-aged woman is outdoors .
entailment	A middle-aged females in a light brown trench coat and black boots walks on the sidewalk past a shop entrance .	The middle-aged female is outdoors .
entailment	A masculine in a negro shirt , in a commercial kitchen , holding up meat he took out of a rucksack .	A male in a shirt , in a commercial kitchen , holding up meat he took out of a sac .
entailment	A male in a negro shirt , in a commercial kitchen , holding up meat he took out of a purse .	A males in a shirt , in a commercial kitchen , holding up meat he took out of a handbag .
entailment	A man in a negro shirt , in a commercial kitchen , holding up meat he took out of a wallets .	A men in a shirt , in a commercial kitchen , holding up meat he took out of a satchel .
entailment	Two petite girl reading a book at the bookstore .	The girls are in a librarians .
entailment	Two petite girls reading a book at the bookcase .	The daughters are in a bookshelf .
entailment	Two petite daughter reading a book at the bookcase .	The daughter are in a bookshelf .
entailment	A underage with his face paintings is at the top of a concrete structure with asterisks carved indoor .	A juveniles has a paintings face .
entailment	A child with his face painting is at the top of a concrete structure with asterisks carved inner .	A teenaged has a paint face .
entailment	A adolescent with his face paints is at the top of a concrete structure with asterisks carved interior .	A youth has a paint face .
entailment	A man wearing a negro beret , negro coat , and negro gloves takes a image in the middle of a crowd	A photography attired in negro takes a photography .
entailment	A male wearing a negro beret , negro coat , and black gloves takes a photographer in the mid of a crowd	A photo dressed in black takes a photograph .
entailment	A men wearing a negro beret , negro coat , and black gloves takes a photography in the medium of a crowd	A photo clothed in black takes a photography .
entailment	A females in a brown jacket and jeans is kneeling on a brick road while taking a photos of another women posing .	The woman is outside .
entailment	A women in a brown jacket and jeans is kneeling on a brick paths while taking a image of another females posing .	The woman is outboard .
entailment	A woman in a brown jacket and jeans is kneeling on a brick pathway while taking a photographer of another women posing .	The females is outdoor .
entailment	A brown-haired women in a blue shirt decorated with gold trimmings painting a image of two windows .	A brunette lady wearing a blue shirts is paints the two windows she sees .
entailment	A brown-haired females in a blue shirt decorated with gold trimmings painted a images of two windows .	A brunette dame wearing a blue shirts is paintings the two windows she sees .
entailment	A brown-haired females in a blue shirt decorated with gold trimmings paint a photographs of two windows .	A brunette lady wearing a blue shirts is paints the two windows she sees .
entailment	A brown-haired woman in a blue shirt decorated with gold trimmings painted a image of two windows .	A woman is paints .
entailment	A brown-haired females in a blue shirt decorated with gold trimmings painted a photographic of two windows .	A women is paintings .
entailment	A brown-haired woman in a blue shirt decorated with gold trimmings paint a photo of two windows .	A women is paints .
entailment	A bicyclist wearing white sunglasses and a white and negro helmet .	A mankind wearing glasses
entailment	A bicyclist wearing white goggles and a white and negro helmet .	A humanity wearing glasses
entailment	A bicyclist wearing white eyeglasses and a white and negro helmet .	A humanity wearing glasses
entailment	A cyclist dressed in black and white is pointing .	A motorcycle dressed in black and white dots .
entailment	A motorcycles attired in negro and white is pointing .	A cycling attired in negro and white dotted .
entailment	A bikes clothed in negro and white is pointing .	A bikes clothed in black and white points .
entailment	A youngsters man at a bowling alley posing on the score machine .	A youthful masculine is at the snooker alleyway .
entailment	A teen mens at a billiard alleyway posing on the score machine .	A smaller males is at the bowling alley .
entailment	A adolescents mens at a billiard alleyway posing on the scoring machine .	A underage mens is at the bowling alleyway .
entailment	A local street in an Arabic countries where there is a marketplace selling Coca-Cola .	A marketplace is selling soft beverages in an Arabic countries .
entailment	A local street in an Arabic country where there is a market sold Coca-Cola .	A market is sale gentle beverages in an Arabic country .
entailment	A local street in an Arabic country where there is a markets sale Coca-Cola .	A market is sold mild beverages in an Arabic country .
entailment	A groups of females playing volleyball indoors .	People are indoor .
entailment	A groups of female play volleyball indoors .	People are inner .
entailment	A groups of female playing volleyball indoors .	People are inside .
entailment	A individuals in a red shirt is shear the grass with a green riding mower .	A persons in red is chop the grass on a riding mower
entailment	A individuals in a red shirt is mowing the grass with a green riding mower .	A person in red is cut the grass on a riding mower
entailment	A person in a red shirt is shear the grass with a green riding mower .	A individuals in red is chop the grass on a riding mower
entailment	A women wearing a striped wrap is bent over in a cornfield while quest at the camera .	A females wearing a striped wrap is searches at the camera .
entailment	A females wearing a striped wrap is bent over in a corn while searches at the camera .	A females wearing a striped wrap is quest at the camera .
entailment	A women wearing a striped wrap is bent over in a cornfield while searches at the camera .	A women wearing a striped wrap is searches at the camera .
entailment	Two females competing in a roller derby with multiple teammates and referee in the background .	Two roller derby competitors skate fastest ahead of teammates .
entailment	Two woman competing in a roller derby with several teammates and referee in the background .	Two roller derby competitors skating rapidly ahead of teammates .
entailment	Two females compete in a roller derby with various teammates and umpire in the background .	Two roller derby competitors skate fastest ahead of teammates .
entailment	Two women compete in a roller derby with assorted teammates and referees in the background .	Two roller derby rival are near their teammates and a referee .
entailment	Two woman compete in a roller derby with myriad teammates and umpire in the background .	Two roller derby contenders are near their teammates and a referee .
entailment	Two women compete in a roller derby with varied teammates and referees in the background .	Two roller derby contestants are near their teammates and a referee .
entailment	Two girl playing basketball .	Girls are play basketball .
entailment	Two daughters play basketball .	Girls are playing basketball .
entailment	Two daughters playing basketball .	Girls are playing basketball .
entailment	Group of people wearing negro shirts riding in an opened top motor .	A panel of people go down the routes in a convertible .
entailment	Group of people wearing black shirts riding in an opens top motor .	A group of people go down the path in a convertible .
entailment	Group of people wearing black shirts riding in an opening top autos .	A group of people go down the routing in a convertible .
entailment	A bands sings and playing electricity guitar for a crowd of people .	A bands is play a concert .
entailment	A band sung and playing electrified guitar for a crowd of people .	A band is playing a concert .
entailment	A bands sung and play electric guitar for a crowd of people .	A band is playing a concert .
entailment	A male is installing a roof .	A males is on top of a building .
entailment	A man is installing a roof .	A masculine is on top of a building .
entailment	A males is installing a roof .	A male is on top of a building .
entailment	Children are play and swim in a boy of water with a footbridge in the background .	Children are swimming .
entailment	Children are playing and swim in a boy of water with a footbridge in the background .	Children are swim .
entailment	Children are play and swim in a boy of water with a footbridge in the background .	Children are swimming .
entailment	A males in a tie-dyed shirt and jeans is sitting on a bench with a dog and a guitar on his lap , as well as a harmonica near his mouth .	A guy is next to a dog while holding some musical instruments .
entailment	A men in a tie-dyed shirt and jeans is sitting on a bench with a dog and a guitar on his lap , as well as a harmonica near his mouth .	A guy is next to a dog while holding some musical instruments .
entailment	A mens in a tie-dyed shirt and jeans is sitting on a bench with a dog and a guitar on his lap , as well as a harmonica near his mouth .	A guy is next to a dog while holding some musical instruments .
entailment	A females in skirt , torn stockings and fighting boots and a man in pamphlet and batman tank top walk down a city street .	A male and women walk down a city street .
entailment	A women in skirt , torn stockings and tussle boots and a man in guiding and batman tank top walk down a city street .	A mens and females walk down a town street .
entailment	A women in skirt , torn stockings and battles boots and a male in fliers and batman tank top walk down a city street .	A males and woman walk down a town street .
entailment	Women in blue attire singing on stages .	A female is singing on stage .
entailment	Women in blue dress sing on stages .	A female is singing on stage .
entailment	Women in blue frock singing on stages .	A female is sings on stage .
entailment	A men sits at a table in a rooms .	A mens sits .
entailment	A masculine sits at a tables in a rooms .	A mens sits .
entailment	A males sits at a table in a room .	A men sits .
entailment	A adolescents males in a backwards baseball chap balancing his skateboard on the edge of the concrete .	A males has a skateboard
entailment	A teen mens in a backward baseball caps balancing his skateboarding on the edge of the concrete .	A masculine has a skateboard
entailment	A youngsters man in a backward baseball chap balancing his skateboard on the edge of the concrete .	A man has a skateboard
entailment	A man in grey and black is play a negro acoustic guitar with a slightly shorter women who is wearing pink and play a violin .	a mens plays guitar
entailment	A male in grey and black is play a black audible guitar with a slightly shorter women who is wearing pink and playing a violin .	a men plays guitar
entailment	A mens in grey and black is play a black audio guitar with a slightly shorter woman who is wearing pink and play a violin .	a masculine plays guitar
entailment	A mens wearing a stocking hat and has a beard is looking at the camera with two woman sitting on the couch next to him .	a males is taking pictures
entailment	A man wearing a stocking hat and has a beard is quest at the camera with two women sitting on the couch next to him .	a male is taking pictures
entailment	A mens wearing a stocking hat and has a beard is quest at the camera with two females sitting on the couch next to him .	a men is taking pictures
entailment	A boy on a moped in midair	A boy is outdoors .
entailment	A boy on a bicycle in midair	A boy is outdoors .
entailment	A boy on a bicycling in midair	A boy is outdoors .
entailment	A groups of kid people performing on a stage .	A panels of people are on stage .
entailment	A groups of minor people performing on a stages .	A groups of people are on stages .
entailment	A group of teenager people performing on a stages .	A grouping of people are on stage .
entailment	Two masculine prepare a fishes at a wharf .	Two man are cleanup their fish
entailment	Two mens prepare a fish at a dock .	Two man are cleanup their fish
entailment	Two males prepare a fishes at a dock .	Two masculine are cleanup their fish
entailment	a brown dog coming out of an orange and yellow tunnel	A brown dog walking out of a tunnels .
entailment	a brown dog coming out of an orange and yellow tunnel	A brown dog walking out of a tunnel .
entailment	a brown dog coming out of an orange and yellow tunnel	A brown dog walking out of a tunnel .
entailment	Three women and two masculine are standing at the feet of a jumbo stairway holding stringed instruments and a clarinet .	Five people are standing by a stairway .
entailment	Three female and two men are standing at the foot of a huge staircase holding stringed instruments and a clarinet .	Five people are standing by a stairway .
entailment	Three female and two mens are standing at the footing of a heavy stairway holding stringed instruments and a clarinet .	Five people are standing by a stairway .
entailment	the male is in the middle of a pole vault	The mens is poles vaulting .
entailment	the men is in the mid of a pole vault	The man is pole vaulting .
entailment	the mens is in the middle of a pole vault	The male is poles vaulting .
entailment	A dog is on the beach near a ball .	A dog is on the beach .
entailment	A dog is on the beach near a ball .	A dog is on the beach .
entailment	A dog is on the beach near a ball .	A dog is on the beach .
entailment	A mens wearing a white t-shirt and shorts is rock climbing with other people wearing blue harsh hats .	People in blue tough hats watch as a male in a white shirt and shorts rock climb .
entailment	A mens wearing a white t-shirt and shorts is rock climb with other people wearing blue tricky hats .	People in blue difficult hats watch as a masculine in a white shirt and shorts rock climbing .
entailment	A man wearing a white t-shirt and shorts is rock climbing with other people wearing blue tough hats .	People in blue harsh hats watch as a male in a white shirt and shorts rock climbing .
entailment	A men in a brown shirt and a white baseball chaps utilizes a plastic barrel to water tomato plant .	A mens watering plants .
entailment	A men in a brown shirt and a white baseball chaps uses a plastic barrel to water tomato plant .	A masculine watering plant .
entailment	A males in a brown shirt and a white baseball ceiling uses a plastic barrel to water tomato plants .	A masculine watering plant .
entailment	A man in a suit cheers in a bookstore in front of youths .	A guy is cheers near some youngsters .
entailment	A mens in a suit cheering in a bookstore in front of teenaged .	A guy is cheering near some teenage .
entailment	A mens in a suit cheering in a library in front of child .	A guy is cheers near some teenaged .
entailment	A daughter reaches up to kiss a cat , which is sitting on the counter .	A girl is showing affection towards a cat .
entailment	A girls reaches up to kiss a cat , which is sitting on the counter .	A girls is showing affection toward a cat .
entailment	A daughter reaches up to kiss a cat , which is sitting on the counter .	A girls is showing affection toward a cat .
entailment	A men playing a piano	The man 's hands are on the key of a piano .
entailment	A male play a piano	The men 's hands are on the keys of a piano .
entailment	A males play a piano	The mens 's hands are on the key of a piano .
entailment	little daughter posing for a photos .	The adolescents is posing for the photographing .
entailment	small daughters posing for a photographing .	The adolescents is posing for the photo .
entailment	petite daughter posing for a photographic .	The youthful is posing for the photographic .
entailment	A female with her face partially covered in silver face painting sits on a plastic tote quest in a mirror .	The woman has something on her face .
entailment	A females with her face partially covered in silver face paint sits on a plastic tote searching in a mirrored .	The females has something on her face .
entailment	A female with her face partly covered in silver face painting sits on a plastic tote search in a mirrors .	The female has something on her face .
entailment	A masculine plays a piano paintings with an photographer of a females on it .	A men plays a piano .
entailment	A males plays a piano painted with an photographing of a woman on it .	A males plays a piano .
entailment	A men plays a piano paintings with an picture of a female on it .	A male plays a piano .
entailment	Fireworks light up the nighttime as a man stands on stages .	The fireworks were shot into the skies .
entailment	Fireworks light up the night as a mens stands on stage .	The fireworks were shot into the sky .
entailment	Fireworks light up the night as a man stands on stage .	The fireworks were shot into the sky .
entailment	A boy in a gray and yellow jacket is raising his hand in front of others sitting around him .	A boy is wearing a jacket .
entailment	A boy in a grey and yellow jacket is raising his hand in front of others sitting around him .	A boy is wearing a jacket .
entailment	A boy in a grey and yellow jacket is raising his hand in front of others sitting around him .	A boy is wearing a jacket .
entailment	Two mens are in blue life jackets and sitting on innertubes with `` Crusher '' written on them in the medium of a organs of water .	Two males sit on innertubes in the medium of a agency of water .
entailment	Two mens are in blue lifetime jerseys and sitting on innertubes with `` Crusher '' written on them in the mid of a agency of water .	Two mens sit on innertubes in the media of a bodies of water .
entailment	Two male are in blue life jerseys and sitting on innertubes with `` Crusher '' written on them in the medium of a bodies of water .	Two masculine sit on innertubes in the media of a body of water .
entailment	Two males are laying floor tiles in a doorway .	Two mens are doing tough labour .
entailment	Two males are laying floor tiles in a doorway .	Two mens are doing hard labor .
entailment	Two male are laying floor tiles in a doorway .	Two mens are doing hard labor .
entailment	A huge audience of people seated at banquet table is watching the happenings on a stages surrounded by blue curtains .	A enormous audience is seated inner together .
entailment	A big audience of people seated at banquet tables is watching the happenings on a stage surrounded by blue curtains .	A jumbo audience is seated internal together .
entailment	A huge audience of people seated at banquet table is watching the happenings on a stages surrounded by blue curtains .	A enormous audience is seated indoor together .
entailment	A mens partly draped in a green and orange flag rests his weapons on two others while standing in a crowd .	A men is touching other people in a crowd .
entailment	A men partly draped in a green and orange flag rests his guns on two others while standing in a crowd .	A men is touching other people in a crowd .
entailment	A males partially draped in a green and orange flag rests his handgun on two others while standing in a crowd .	A masculine is touch other people in a crowd .
entailment	Dog running with a purple toy in the snow field .	A dog is running .
entailment	Dog running with a purple toy in the snowy field .	A dog is running .
entailment	Dog running with a purple toy in the snowy field .	A dog is running .
entailment	An seniors , barefoot boy is talking to a younger , shirtless boy in flip flips in the media of the street .	Two boys are talking in the middle of a street .
entailment	An elder , barefoot boy is talking to a younger , shirtless boy in flip flips in the middle of the street .	Two boys are conversation in the medium of a street .
entailment	An elderly , barefoot boy is talking to a younger , shirtless boy in flip flips in the middle of the street .	Two boys are talking in the mid of a street .
entailment	A gray rally vehicular is being driven by two adults masculine while a hefty white container is tied down on top of the roof .	Two mens are in a motor .
entailment	A grey rally vehicles is being driven by two adults male while a massive white container is tied down on top of the roof .	Two masculine are in a car .
entailment	A gray rallying vehicles is being driven by two adults males while a heavy white container is tied down on top of the roof .	Two males are in a automobile .
entailment	A groups of people are search at pictures on a wall and speaking to each other .	Many people are having a conversation .
entailment	A grouping of people are searches at photograph on a wall and speaking to each other .	Many people are having a conversations .
entailment	A groups of people are search at photograph on a wall and speaking to each other .	Many people are having a discussions .
entailment	A miner man with goggles and his companion are attempting to do laundry in a public place .	A individuals with glasses
entailment	A children masculine with goggles and his companion are attempting to do laundry in a public placing .	A individuals with glasses
entailment	A youths mens with goggles and his companion are attempting to do laundry in a public placing .	A persons with glasses
entailment	A men in an Alaska sweatshirt stands behind a counter .	The persons behind the counter is a man .
entailment	A male in an Alaska sweatshirt stands behind a counter .	The person behind the counter is a males .
entailment	A males in an Alaska sweatshirt stands behind a counter .	The individuals behind the counter is a male .
entailment	A grouping of people on the bark , brightly lighten street , while one men with a grey hat holds a big colorful sign with arrows .	The people are walking down the street .
entailment	A groups of people on the barking , brightly lighten street , while one man with a gray hat holds a immense colorful sign with arrows .	The people are walking down the street .
entailment	A panel of people on the bark , brightly lighten street , while one males with a gray hat holds a heavy colorful sign with arrows .	The people are walking down the street .
entailment	A dog jumping into the aviation .	There is an animals jumping .
entailment	A dog jumping into the aerial .	There is an animal jumping .
entailment	A dog jumping into the aircraft .	There is an zoo jumping .
entailment	Several people navigate through ledger at a boutique with a tile floor .	There are people searches at books .
entailment	Several people examining through ledger at a store with a tile floor .	There are people looking at ledger .
entailment	Several people browsing through ledger at a store with a tile floor .	There are people quest at ledger .
entailment	A fathers and his girls are riding a lawn mover down a street while attired in American color .	two people ride a lawn mower outside
entailment	A father and his daughter are riding a lawn mover down a street while attired in American coloring .	two people ride a lawn mower outside
entailment	A father and his girls are riding a lawn mover down a street while attired in American colour .	two people ride a lawn mower outside
entailment	Shirtless males with long pole navigates covered examines down a palm trees lined river past a shack .	A man without a shirt is on the water .
entailment	Shirtless men with lengthy poles navigates cover explorer down a palm trees lined river past a hut .	A man without a shirt is on the water .
entailment	Shirtless males with lengthy pole navigates cover sailboat down a palm trees lined river past a hut .	A men without a shirt is on the water .
entailment	Four African boys playing soccer .	Some boys are running behind a ball
entailment	Four African boys playing soccer .	Some boys are running behind a ball
entailment	Four African boys play soccer .	Some boys are running behind a ball
entailment	A couple has been photographed through a gaps in the fence while they are sitting near the water .	The couple is sitting near water .
entailment	A couple has been photographing through a gap in the fences while they are sitting near the water .	The couple is sitting near water .
entailment	A couple has been photographed through a flaws in the fence while they are sitting near the water .	The couple is sitting near water .
entailment	A vast panel of people walking in a busy town at nighttime .	People are walking a city .
entailment	A huge group of people walking in a busy town at night .	People are walking a town .
entailment	A big groups of people walking in a busy town at nightly .	People are walking a city .
entailment	The hockey gamers and referee are preparing for a face-off .	The umpire and gamers are getting readies to face-off .
entailment	The hockey players and referees are preparing for a face-off .	The referee and players are getting ready to face-off .
entailment	The hockey gamers and referee are preparing for a face-off .	The umpire and gamers are getting prepared to face-off .
entailment	A female in a grey kimono walks past a negro cars in the mid of a crowded street full of Japanese signs , with a male in an orange shirt and khaki underpants .	A females is walking down a busy street .
entailment	A females in a grey kimono walks past a black car in the mid of a crowded street full of Japanese signs , with a masculine in an orange shirt and khaki panties .	A women is walking down a busy street .
entailment	A females in a gray kimono walks past a black automobile in the medium of a crowded street full of Japanese signs , with a mens in an orange shirt and khaki panties .	A women is walking down a busy street .
entailment	A men in a green shirt and overwhelming beige hat is supervise a newsstand that selling snacks and drinks .	a masculine in green shirt
entailment	A masculine in a green shirt and jumbo beige hat is surveillance a newsstand that sell snacks and drinks .	a mens in green shirt
entailment	A man in a green shirt and huge beige hat is monitoring a newsstand that selling snacks and beverages .	a male in green shirt
entailment	A daughter is swinging , rather high , on a swing with blue ropes with lots of trees in the background .	A daughters is swinging , rather high , on a swing with blue ropes .
entailment	A girls is swinging , rather high , on a swing with blue ropes with lots of trees in the background .	A daughter is swinging , rather high , on a swing with blue ropes .
entailment	A girls is swinging , rather high , on a swing with blue ropes with lots of trees in the background .	A daughters is swinging , rather high , on a swing with blue ropes .
entailment	One girls sips a soda while another looks on , standing on a street in front of a bunch of mopeds .	A daughter beverages a soda on the street
entailment	One daughter sips a soda while another looks on , standing on a street in front of a bunch of motorbikes .	A girl beverages a soda on the street
entailment	One girls sips a soda while another looks on , standing on a street in front of a bunch of cyclist .	A girls drinks a soda on the street
entailment	Two youths ladies walking down the street together .	There are two females in this image , and they are both outer .
entailment	Two juvenile ladies walking down the street together .	There are two females in this photograph , and they are both outdoor .
entailment	Two young ladies walking down the street together .	There are two woman in this photographed , and they are both exterior .
entailment	A woman , in red and white , and wearing eyeglasses , sits in a rooms with other people .	A female is sitting in a room with other people .
entailment	A woman , in red and white , and wearing glasses , sits in a room with other people .	A female is sitting in a room with other people .
entailment	A female , in red and white , and wearing sunglasses , sits in a room with other people .	A women is sitting in a room with other people .
entailment	The indian 's are performing a holy dancing .	The people are dancing .
entailment	The indian 's are performing a sacred dance .	The people are dancing .
entailment	The indian 's are performing a holy dance .	The people are dancing .
entailment	Three people are clothed in costumes and playing musical instruments .	The people are in costume and playing music .
entailment	Three people are attired in costumes and playing musical instruments .	The people are in costume and play music .
entailment	Three people are attired in costumes and play musical instruments .	The people are in costume and playing music .
entailment	Everyone is getting readies to playing the game .	People prepare to playing games .
entailment	Everyone is getting readies to playing the games .	People prepare to playing games .
entailment	Everyone is getting ready to play the game .	People prepare to play games .
entailment	Two petite girl , wearing pink hanging on a tubes .	Two daughters on a pipes .
entailment	Two little daughter , wearing pink hanging on a piping .	Two girls on a tubes .
entailment	Two little girls , wearing pink hanging on a tubes .	Two daughters on a tubes .
entailment	Two little daughter , wearing pink hanging on a tubing .	Two girl play on a tubes .
entailment	Two little daughter , wearing pink hanging on a pipes .	Two daughter play on a pipe .
entailment	Two little daughters , wearing pink hanging on a tubing .	Two girl play on a pipe .
entailment	A families smiling on the couch .	People are on a couch
entailment	A family smiling on the couch .	People are on a couch
entailment	A families smiling on the couch .	People are on a couch
entailment	A woman in a blue top and pencil skirt walks by a balding mens in a pinstriped suit .	They pass eachother .
entailment	A female in a blue top and pencil skirt walks by a balding males in a pinstriped suit .	They pass eachother .
entailment	A woman in a blue top and pencil skirt walks by a balding man in a pinstriped suit .	They pass eachother .
entailment	A males holds a rope for a boy who 's about to climb a wall .	There is a masculine holding a rop
entailment	A male holds a rope for a boy who 's roughly to climb a wall .	There is a man holding a rop
entailment	A male holds a rope for a boy who 's approximately to climbing a wall .	There is a masculine holding a rop
entailment	3 youths male in hoods standing in the middle of a tranquil street facing the camera .	Three hood wearing people pose for a photographer .
entailment	3 adolescent men in hoods standing in the mid of a composure street facing the camera .	Three hood wearing people pose for a photograph .
entailment	3 children masculine in hoods standing in the mid of a tranquil street facing the camera .	Three hood wearing people pose for a photography .
entailment	Two guys on a couch , one is search up the other is looking away with a cup in his hand .	They are not searches in the same direction .
entailment	Two guys on a couch , one is quest up the other is searching away with a cup in his hand .	They are not searches in the same direction .
entailment	Two guys on a couch , one is searching up the other is looking away with a cup in his hand .	They are not searching in the identical direction .
entailment	Two daughter in red vie blazers lock oars on a river .	Two girls on a studied .
entailment	Two daughter in red lifetime blazers lock oars on a river .	Two girl on a surveys .
entailment	Two daughters in red lifetime jackets lock oars on a river .	Two daughters on a investigating .
entailment	Two diving divers exam a big metallic object in the water .	Two dives divers are underwater .
entailment	Two scuba divers reviewing a huge metal object in the water .	Two dive divers are underwater .
entailment	Two diving divers examination a immense metal object in the water .	Two scuba divers are submarine .
entailment	Nurses in a physician setting conversing over a plastic cup .	The people work in the medical field .
entailment	Nurses in a physician setting conversing over a plastic cup .	The people work in the physician field .
entailment	Nurses in a doctors setting conversing over a plastic cup .	The people work in the drug field .
entailment	People in motion down a town sidewalk .	People walk down a pavement .
entailment	People in motion down a city sidewalk .	People walk down a sidewalk .
entailment	People in motion down a town sidewalk .	People walk down a sidewalk .
entailment	A man wielding an electrical razor is gleefully shave away another men 's hairdo .	There are multiple people present .
entailment	A masculine wielding an electricity razor is gleefully shaving away another man 's hairstyle .	There are varying people present .
entailment	A man wielding an electrified razor is gleefully shaving away another male 's hair .	There are several people present .
entailment	A softball player throws the ball to her teammate .	Two people are playing softball .
entailment	A softball player throws the ball to her teammate .	Two people are playing softball .
entailment	A softball player throws the ball to her teammate .	Two people are play softball .
entailment	A mens smiles while he shaves the head of another man .	A guy is chop another masculine 's hair .
entailment	A male smiles while he shaves the head of another male .	A guy is chop another mens 's hair .
entailment	A masculine smiles while he shaves the head of another man .	A guy is cutting another men 's hair .
entailment	A persons waterskiing in a river with a enormous wall in the background .	A person waterskiing in a river with a wall in the background .
entailment	A person waterskiing in a river with a heavy wall in the background .	A person waterskiing in a river with a wall in the background .
entailment	A individuals waterskiing in a river with a gigantic wall in the background .	A person waterskiing in a river with a wall in the background .
entailment	Two small boys are play on stairs that have a carpets runner going down them .	The kids are play together .
entailment	Two little boys are playing on stairs that have a carpets racer going down them .	The young are playing together .
entailment	Two small boys are play on stairs that have a carpets racer going down them .	The teenaged are play together .
entailment	A white and a negro dog battle in a fenced in rooms .	The dogs are struggles .
entailment	A white and a black dog fight in a fenced in room .	The dogs are battles .
entailment	A white and a black dog combat in a fenced in rooms .	The dogs are fight .
entailment	A individuals obscured in shadow in a colosseum .	The person is stiff to see .
entailment	A persons obscured in shadow in a coliseum .	The individuals is harsh to see .
entailment	A persons obscured in shadow in a gymnasium .	The individuals is tricky to see .
entailment	A biker races .	A individuals is riding a bike
entailment	A biker racing .	A persons is riding a bike
entailment	A biker races .	A persons is riding a bike
entailment	A woman in a green suit walking towards an escalator .	A females walks to an escalator .
entailment	A female in a green suit walking towards an escalator .	A females walks to an escalator .
entailment	A woman in a green suit walking toward an escalator .	A women walks to an escalator .
entailment	Asian men sitting down , and some of them are wearing white and pink hats , while the others are wearing blue jackets with yellow sashes .	Asian people sitting next to each other .
entailment	Asian masculine sitting down , and some of them are wearing white and pink hats , while the others are wearing blue blazers with yellow sashes .	Asian people sitting next to each other .
entailment	Asian male sitting down , and some of them are wearing white and pink hats , while the others are wearing blue blazers with yellow sashes .	Asian people sitting next to each other .
entailment	A smiling mens is holding up a gavel .	The males is holding an object .
entailment	A smiling man is holding up a gavel .	The men is holding an object .
entailment	A smiling masculine is holding up a gavel .	The masculine is holding an object .
entailment	A men is holding a book standing in front of a chalkboard .	A persons is in a classroom teaching .
entailment	A man is holding a book standing in front of a chalkboard .	A individuals is in a classroom teaching .
entailment	A mens is holding a book standing in front of a chalkboard .	A individuals is in a classroom teaching .
entailment	A female is walking her dog and using her portable .	The women is using her mobile .
entailment	A woman is walking her dog and using her laptop .	The females is using her mobiles .
entailment	A female is walking her dog and using her mobiles .	The female is using her cellphone .
entailment	While one males , in the white ceilings , is golfer , three other male are in the media of a talking .	Three male talk while their fourth takes a shot .
entailment	While one men , in the white chaps , is golf , three other man are in the middle of a conversation .	Three males talk while their fourth takes a shot .
entailment	While one male , in the white chap , is golfer , three other men are in the mid of a discussions .	Three male talk while their fourth takes a shot .
entailment	A grouping of motorcyclists at a races with their gunpoint around each other .	A groups of cyclists errand .
entailment	A panel of cyclists at a races with their armed around each other .	A grouping of cyclists errand .
entailment	A groups of cyclists at a races with their armed around each other .	A group of motorcyclists races .
entailment	Women sit on a beach as they watch masculine bring in a fishing net filled with fish in front of them .	People are gathered by the water .
entailment	Women sit on a beach as they watch masculine bring in a fishing netted filled with fish in front of them .	People are gathered by the water .
entailment	Women sit on a beach as they watch mens bring in a fishing net filled with fishes in front of them .	People are gathered by the water .
entailment	A motorist gets some airplane over a coarse hill .	A motorist is riding his motorbikes .
entailment	A motorist gets some air over a coarse hill .	A motorist is riding his moped .
entailment	A motorist gets some airways over a coarse hill .	A motorist is riding his motorcycle .
entailment	A biker is flying through the midair above a filth routes .	The person is riding a motorcycle
entailment	A motorcyclist is flying through the aeroplane above a filth road .	The individuals is riding a motorcycle
entailment	A motorcyclist is flying through the aeroplane above a filth path .	The persons is riding a motorcycle
entailment	Two small boys are smiling and laughing while one is standing and one is in a bouncy seat .	There are two little boys smiling .
entailment	Two little boys are smiling and laughing while one is standing and one is in a bouncy seating .	There are two small boys smiling .
entailment	Two petite boys are smiling and laugh while one is standing and one is in a bouncy seating .	There are two little boys smiling .
entailment	A biker is flying through the aeroplane above a filth road .	The biker is in the air
entailment	A motorcyclist is flying through the aviation above a filth routing .	The motorcyclist is in the air
entailment	A motorcyclist is flying through the airliner above a filth path .	The biker is in the air
entailment	The teens is hanging upside down with his legs over a pole .	The children is upside down .
entailment	The teenagers is hanging upside down with his legs over a poles .	The youngsters is upside down .
entailment	The children is hanging upside down with his legs over a pole .	The teenage is upside down .
entailment	A mens in a pink shirt and white vest plays a guitar .	There is a male wearing a pink shirt .
entailment	A man in a pink shirt and white vest plays a guitar .	There is a male wearing a pink shirt .
entailment	A mens in a pink shirt and white vest plays a guitar .	There is a masculine wearing a pink shirt .
entailment	Two males in polo shirts , reading the paper .	Two masculine read the paper .
entailment	Two man in polo shirts , reading the paper .	Two mens read the paper .
entailment	Two males in polo shirts , reading the paper .	Two men read the paper .
entailment	The 3 dogs are cruising down the street .	three dogs together
entailment	The 3 dogs are cruising down the street .	three dogs together
entailment	The 3 dogs are cruise down the street .	three dogs together
entailment	A boy whiffs a ball with a bat .	The boy is swinging a bat .
entailment	A boy whiffs a ball with a bat .	The boy is swinging a bat .
entailment	A boy whiffs a ball with a bat .	The boy is swinging a bat .
entailment	A male with a bat swings at a ball coming toward him .	The males is swinging
entailment	A males with a bat swings at a ball coming toward him .	The man is swinging
entailment	A masculine with a bat swings at a ball coming toward him .	The masculine is swinging
entailment	A male wearing a denim jacket and jeans welds on a bridges above water while wearing his safety mask .	A clad in denim individuals works is working on a bridges outdoors .
entailment	A men wearing a denim jacket and jeans welds on a bridges above water while wearing his safety mask .	A clad in denim persons works is working on a bridge outdoors .
entailment	A men wearing a denim jacket and jeans welds on a bridges above water while wearing his safety mask .	A clad in denim individuals works is working on a bridges outdoors .
entailment	A male in tan underclothes is eating while sitting next to a plate and a pair of shoe .	The men is near food .
entailment	A male in tan slacks is eating while sitting next to a plate and a pair of shoe .	The men is near food .
entailment	A mens in tan trousers is eating while sitting next to a plate and a pair of shoe .	The men is near food .
entailment	3 teens men in hoods standing in the mid of a quiet street facing the camera .	Three hood wearing people stand in a street .
entailment	3 youngsters man in hoods standing in the medium of a placid street facing the camera .	Three hood wearing people stand in a street .
entailment	3 youth mens in hoods standing in the middle of a composure street facing the camera .	Three hood wearing people stand in a street .
entailment	A men in a blue jacket holding a handsaw sawing a pipes on top of a woods fences .	Someone is sawing .
entailment	A men in a blue jacket holding a handsaw sawing a tubes on top of a timber fence .	Someone is sawing .
entailment	A men in a blue jacket holding a handsaw sawing a tubing on top of a wooden fence .	Someone is sawing .
entailment	Some people are standing on a city pavement at nightly and wait to get on a double-decker bus .	People waiting to get on a dual decker bus at nighttime .
entailment	Some people are standing on a city pavement at overnight and waiting to get on a double-decker bus .	People waiting to get on a dual decker bus at overnight .
entailment	Some people are standing on a city sidewalk at overnight and wait to get on a double-decker bus .	People waiting to get on a doubles decker bus at overnight .
entailment	People are wait in line to board a twin decker bus .	People are in line .
entailment	People are wait in line to board a twin decker bus .	People are in line .
entailment	People are wait in line to board a twin decker bus .	People are in line .
entailment	An Eastern dealer sits by his stall with a rooster vicinity .	a rooster near a vendor
entailment	An Eastern shopkeeper sits by his stall with a rooster vicinity .	a rooster near a vendor
entailment	An Eastern dealers sits by his stall with a rooster vicinity .	a rooster near a vendor
entailment	A mens searches out of his window .	A masculine looks out his window .
entailment	A male looking out of his window .	A male looks out his window .
entailment	A men search out of his window .	A mens looks out his window .
entailment	A boy is standing in a pool getting splashed with water .	The water in the pool is being splashed .
entailment	A boy is standing in a pool getting splashed with water .	The water in the pool is being splashed .
entailment	A boy is standing in a pool getting splashed with water .	The water in the pool is being splashed .
entailment	A boy is being splashed in a swimming pool .	A boy is playing in the swimming pool .
entailment	A boy is being splashed in a swimming pool .	A boy is play in the swim pool .
entailment	A boy is being splashed in a swimming pool .	A boy is play in the swim pool .
entailment	Island natives fisher reeling in their nets after a lengthy day 's work .	The man are complete their day of work .
entailment	Island native fisherman reeling in their nets after a lengthy day 's work .	The masculine are finish their day of work .
entailment	Island aboriginal fishermen reeling in their nets after a long day 's work .	The mens are finishes their day of work .
entailment	A dame is walking out of a short tunnel as a mens prepares to enter it from the converse side .	A person is walking
entailment	A dame is walking out of a short tunnel as a males prepares to enter it from the converse side .	A persons is walking
entailment	A dame is walking out of a short tunnel as a mens prepares to enter it from the converse side .	A person is walking
entailment	A baby sitting in a highchair looking delighted .	The baby is smiling
entailment	A baby sitting in a highchair looking delighted .	The baby is smiling
entailment	A baby sitting in a highchair looking delighted .	The baby is smiling
entailment	A man on a bike , with the sun beating down in the background , just begins off of a dirt ramp and is coming back down .	An bike rider jumping ramps on a sunny day .
entailment	A masculine on a motorbikes , with the sun beating down in the background , just launches off of a dirt ramp and is coming back down .	An biking rider jumping ramps on a sunny day .
entailment	A mens on a motorcycle , with the sun beating down in the background , just begins off of a filth ramp and is coming back down .	An motorbike rider jumping ramps on a sunny day .
entailment	A minor male wearing sunglasses is putting some liquids in a beaker while a juvenile daughter wearing blue gloves looks down while holding a pen .	Two people are in the same zone .
entailment	A youngsters male wearing goggles is putting some fluid in a beaker while a teens girl wearing blue gloves looks down while holding a pen .	Two people are in the identical spheres .
entailment	A young men wearing goggles is putting some liquids in a beaker while a youthful daughters wearing blue gloves looks down while holding a pen .	Two people are in the identical zone .
entailment	a teenagers playing with two brooms in front of a pine trees with lights on it .	a kid plays with two brooms outside
entailment	a teenage playing with two brooms in front of a pine trees with lighting on it .	a underage plays with two brooms outside
entailment	a miners playing with two brooms in front of a pine trees with lighting on it .	a teenage plays with two brooms outside
entailment	Two people sitting on the sand .	There are two people sitting down .
entailment	Two people sitting on the sand .	There are two people sitting down .
entailment	Two people sitting on the sand .	There are two people sitting down .
entailment	These are teenaged grownup who seem to be working together to protects the plants surrounding the white poles .	The grownup are young
entailment	These are teenaged grownup who seem to be working together to protective the plant surrounding the white pole .	The adult are young
entailment	These are kids adult who seem to be working together to protect the plants surrounding the white poles .	The grownups are young
entailment	A mens in a green shirt hovers above the ground in the laundry rooms .	The men appears to be suspended in airplane .
entailment	A males in a green shirt hovers above the ground in the laundry room .	The man appears to be suspended in aerial .
entailment	A mens in a green shirt hovers above the ground in the laundry room .	The men appears to be suspended in airline .
entailment	A females in a negro and white shirt is sitting in a chairs with an animated expression on her face .	A female in a shirt is sitting in a chairs with an animated expression on her face .
entailment	A female in a black and white shirt is sitting in a chairs with an animated expression on her face .	A woman in a shirt is sitting in a chair with an animated expression on her face .
entailment	A women in a black and white shirt is sitting in a chairs with an animated expression on her face .	A females in a shirt is sitting in a chairs with an animated expression on her face .
entailment	Two male stand in a lifted as four others , all clothed in black and bright yellow stripes , look up on them .	Six men attired in negro and yellow standardized are standing in a coliseum .
entailment	Two men stand in a lifting as four others , all clothed in black and bright yellow stripes , look up on them .	Six men attired in negro and yellow standardized are standing in a colosseum .
entailment	Two men stand in a lifted as four others , all attired in black and bright yellow stripes , look up on them .	Six men dressed in negro and yellow uniformed are standing in a coliseum .
entailment	Two musicians and a singer are on a stages performing a song .	Band performing a song on stages .
entailment	Two musicians and a singer are on a stages performing a song .	Band performing a song on stages .
entailment	Two musicians and a singer are on a stages performing a song .	Band performing a song on stages .
entailment	In a little villages a Man sets vessels along the Swamp .	A mens in a swamp .
entailment	In a petite village a Man sets navigating along the Swamp .	A males in a marsh .
entailment	In a petite villages a Man sets studies along the Swamp .	A mens in a marsh .
entailment	A grouping of soldiers march in a parade .	A panels of people march in a parade .
entailment	A grouping of soldiers march in a parade .	A panels of people march in a parade .
entailment	A groups of soldiers march in a parade .	A group of people march in a parade .
entailment	A boy in a red shirt is squatting in front of a circle of stones with a pot in the middle .	A boy sits in front of stones .
entailment	A boy in a red shirt is squatting in front of a circle of stones with a pot in the medium .	A boy sits in front of stones .
entailment	A boy in a red shirt is squatting in front of a circle of stones with a pot in the middle .	A boy sits in front of stones .
entailment	A female rests her head on a men 's shoulder .	Woman rest her head on man 's shoulder
entailment	A females rests her head on a masculine 's shoulder .	Woman resting her head on mens 's shoulder
entailment	A female rests her head on a males 's shoulder .	Woman rest her head on masculine 's shoulder
entailment	A men with his finger in his mouth is standing exterior of an RV .	The men is standing .
entailment	A males with his finger in his mouth is standing exterior of an RV .	The mens is standing .
entailment	A males with his finger in his mouth is standing exterior of an RV .	The mens is standing .
entailment	Two children trying to won a prizes at a carnival .	Two humans are outdoors .
entailment	Two adolescents trying to winning a prize at a carnival .	Two humans are outdoors .
entailment	Two youths trying to winning a prize at a carnival .	Two humans are outdoors .
entailment	Two masculine , in their later years , one wearing a hat , the other wearing eyeglasses are fixing some kinds of machine .	The men are seniors .
entailment	Two men , in their later olds , one wearing a hat , the other wearing glasses are fixing some sorted of machine .	The men are older .
entailment	Two men , in their later olds , one wearing a hat , the other wearing eyeglasses are fixing some kind of machine .	The masculine are aged .
entailment	Two little boys are standing in a kitchen .	The kitchen is not hollow .
entailment	Two petite boys are standing in a kitchen .	The kitchen is not empty .
entailment	Two small boys are standing in a kitchen .	The kitchen is not empty .
entailment	A kids in a jeans jacket and shorts holding up a white frock as another darker-skinned children looks at it .	a young holds a dress
entailment	A youngsters in a jeans jacket and shorts holding up a white frock as another darker-skinned smaller looks at it .	a child holds a dress
entailment	A teenage in a jeans jacket and shorts holding up a white dress as another darker-skinned kid looks at it .	a kid holds a dress
entailment	Two universities football players tussle it out outdoors on the field during games day , where one is the quarterback trying to throw the ball , and the other player is in measuring approximately to sack the quarterback .	A universities football game .
entailment	Two university football gamers fighting it out outdoors on the field during game day , where one is the quarterback trying to throw the ball , and the other player is in action approximately to sack the quarterback .	A colleges football game .
entailment	Two universities football players struggling it out outdoors on the field during games day , where one is the quarterback trying to throw the ball , and the other player is in measurements approximately to sack the quarterback .	A colleges football game .
entailment	A males laughing while at a restaurant .	A masculine laughing .
entailment	A males laughing while at a restaurant .	A mens laughing .
entailment	A man laughing while at a restaurant .	A mens laugh .
entailment	People sitting on benches in a public sphere .	There are people sitting on benches outdoors .
entailment	People sitting on benches in a public zone .	There are people sitting on benches outdoors .
entailment	People sitting on benches in a public areas .	There are people sitting on benches outdoors .
entailment	A panels of woman around a table to fabric .	There is a tables .
entailment	A panels of woman around a tables to fabric .	There is a table .
entailment	A groups of women around a tables to fabric .	There is a tables .
entailment	A men is giving a presentations .	a males gives presentation
entailment	A masculine is giving a presentation .	a men gives presentation
entailment	A masculine is giving a presentation .	a males gives presentation
entailment	A boy scouting with a red chaps is searching through a telescope	There is a boy and a telescopes .
entailment	A boy scout with a red ceilings is searching through a telescope	There is a boy and a telescopes .
entailment	A boy scouting with a red ceiling is looking through a telescope	There is a boy and a telescopes .
entailment	An aging masculine in a printed shirt , tobacco on a busy street .	A mens is cigarettes on a street .
entailment	An outdated man in a printed shirt , smoking on a busy street .	A masculine is tobacco on a street .
entailment	An ancient mens in a printed shirt , smoker on a busy street .	A mens is tobacco on a street .
entailment	A males touch a hanging strand of lamp .	A masculine is reaching out to a strand of lamps .
entailment	A mens touching a hanging strand of lamps .	A men is reaching out to a strand of lamppost .
entailment	A male touch a hanging strand of lamppost .	A man is reaching out to a strand of lantern .
entailment	A males reads the paper in a bar with green illumination .	The male is inner .
entailment	A men reads the paper in a bar with green illumination .	The mens is inside .
entailment	A men reads the paper in a bar with green lights .	The male is internal .
entailment	In front of a brick house with a straw roof and some numbers , three teenage stand , two of them holding squares of blackboard .	The minors are outdoors
entailment	In front of a brick house with a straw roof and some figures , three children stand , two of them holding squares of blackboard .	The young are outdoors
entailment	In front of a brick house with a straw roof and some figures , three juvenile stand , two of them holding square of blackboard .	The smaller are outdoors
entailment	A man wearing dark jeans , an orange shirt , and an orange apron is next to a bunch of plants and flowers and a female with a blue top .	Two people are next to each other .
entailment	A males wearing dark jeans , an orange shirt , and an orange apron is next to a bunch of plants and flowering and a females with a blue top .	Two people are next to each other .
entailment	A man wearing dark jeans , an orange shirt , and an orange apron is next to a bunch of plant and flowers and a female with a blue top .	Two people are next to each other .
entailment	A choir made up of varied ages of people are performing .	The choir is sings .
entailment	A choir made up of myriad ages of people are performing .	The choir is sings .
entailment	A choir made up of differing ages of people are performing .	The choir is sings .
entailment	Two people are playing American Football and one of them is trying to stopping the other from throwing the ball .	A game of football is being played .
entailment	Two people are play American Football and one of them is trying to halting the other from throwing the ball .	A game of football is being played .
entailment	Two people are playing American Football and one of them is trying to halting the other from throwing the ball .	A game of football is being played .
entailment	A individuals on blue trousers and a white shirt walks away from a dirt circle on multicolored grass .	a person walks a way from a filth circle
entailment	A individuals on blue panties and a white shirt walks away from a dirt circle on multicolored grass .	a individuals walks a way from a dirt circle
entailment	A individuals on blue panties and a white shirt walks away from a dirt circle on multicolored grass .	a person walks a manner from a filth circle
entailment	A individuals on blue underpants and a white shirt walks away from a dirt circle on multicolored grass .	A person walks away
entailment	A persons on blue undergarments and a white shirt walks away from a filth circle on multicolored grass .	A individuals walks away
entailment	A persons on blue undergarments and a white shirt walks away from a dirt circle on multicolored grass .	A persons walks away
entailment	A view of bicyclists on a town street , riding in both directions , with red reflective safety cones split the two lanes .	People are riding bikes in both directions on a paths .
entailment	A view of bicyclists on a town street , riding in both directions , with red reflective safety cones split the two lanes .	People are riding biking in both directions on a routes .
entailment	A view of bicyclists on a town street , riding in both directions , with red reflective safety cones division the two lanes .	People are riding cycling in both directions on a path .
entailment	A masculine in a white shirt , dark shorts and a red ceilings is standing in a petite green skiff with green oars , in the mid of what appears to be a shallow river , against a bank of tall dried grasses .	The masculine is outdoors
entailment	A mens in a white shirt , dark shorts and a red chap is standing in a little green motorboat with green oars , in the media of what appears to be a shallow river , against a bank of tall dehydrated grasses .	The men is outdoors
entailment	A man in a white shirt , dark shorts and a red chap is standing in a little green dinghy with green oars , in the middle of what appears to be a shallow river , against a bank of tall dehydrated grasses .	The males is outdoors
entailment	A youngsters women in a negro skirt and boots walks by stores .	A smaller females in a negro skirt is walking next to nearby shops .
entailment	A adolescents women in a black skirt and boots walks by stores .	A minor females in a negro skirt is walking next to nearby shops .
entailment	A young females in a negro skirt and boots walks by storage .	A teenager women in a negro skirt is walking next to nearby shops .
entailment	A boy and daughters playing together on a pile or rocks in a residential spheres .	The boy and daughter are play together
entailment	A boy and girl playing together on a pile or rocks in a residential areas .	The boy and girl are play together
entailment	A boy and daughter playing together on a pile or rocks in a residential areas .	The boy and girl are playing together
entailment	A boy and girl play together on a piling or rocks in a residential area .	The boy and daughters are outside
entailment	A boy and girls playing together on a piling or rocks in a residential zone .	The boy and girl are outside
entailment	A boy and girl playing together on a piling or rocks in a residential areas .	The boy and girl are outside
entailment	A man shoveling snow off the roof of a building .	A male working in the snowy .
entailment	A males shoveling snowy off the roof of a building .	A mens working in the snow .
entailment	A masculine shoveling snow off the roof of a building .	A mens working in the snow .
entailment	A men play billiards at a bar .	A man is play billiards .
entailment	A man playing billiards at a bar .	A male is play billiards .
entailment	A man play billiards at a bar .	A masculine is play billiards .
entailment	Children playing a videos games together .	The teenagers are indoors play a video games .
entailment	Children play a videos game together .	The teen are indoors play a videos games .
entailment	Children play a videotaped games together .	The adolescents are indoors playing a videos games .
entailment	There are smaller playing in the snowy and one of them is making a snowball .	Children play in the snow .
entailment	There are minors play in the snowy and one of them is making a snowball .	Children play in the snow .
entailment	There are adolescents playing in the snowy and one of them is making a snowball .	Children play in the snowy .
entailment	A man in an orange jacket reaches under a busted up blue automobiles on wooden supports .	A mens reaches into a vehicular .
entailment	A mens in an orange jacket reaches under a busted up blue car on woods supports .	A man reaches into a autos .
entailment	A mens in an orange jacket reaches under a busted up blue automobiles on lumber supports .	A male reaches into a motors .
entailment	A groups of people , one of which is a female with a overwhelming white and colorful handbags , wait to board a gigantic white and blue bus .	A panel of people wait at a bus halt as a monumental white and blue bus stops .
entailment	A grouping of people , one of which is a women with a large white and colorful handbag , waiting to board a monumental white and blue bus .	A group of people wait at a bus stopping as a hefty white and blue bus stops .
entailment	A panels of people , one of which is a woman with a large white and colorful satchel , waiting to board a large white and blue bus .	A group of people waiting at a bus stop as a vast white and blue bus stops .
entailment	Two silhouetted people paddling a rowboat on the naval during sunset .	two people paddle their browse on the ocean
entailment	Two silhouetted people paddle a canoe on the navy during sunset .	two people paddling their studies on the ocean
entailment	Two silhouetted people paddling a motorboat on the maritime during sunset .	two people paddle their survey on the ocean
entailment	Two silhouetted people paddle a canoeing on the nautical during sunset .	two people paddles a dinghy on the ocean
entailment	Two silhouetted people paddling a canoeing on the marina during sunset .	two people paddles a dinghy on the ocean
entailment	Two silhouetted people paddling a rowboat on the nautical during sunset .	two people paddles a canoeing on the ocean
entailment	A groups of boys playing street soccer .	A panels of boys are playing soccer in the street .
entailment	A panels of boys play street soccer .	A group of boys are play soccer in the street .
entailment	A panel of boys playing street soccer .	A grouping of boys are playing soccer in the street .
entailment	A rallying in a multiple countries .	A rallying in a seperated country .
entailment	A rally in a various countries .	A rallying in a separate country .
entailment	A rally in a assorted countries .	A rallying in a separated countries .
entailment	A mens in a blue shirt is performing a skateboard trick near stiars while two other masculine watch .	A person in a shirt
entailment	A man in a blue shirt is performing a skateboard trick near stiars while two other man watch .	A persons in a shirt
entailment	A masculine in a blue shirt is performing a skateboarding trick near stiars while two other man watch .	A persons in a shirt
entailment	Woman reading a book with a grocery tote .	A women is reading .
entailment	Woman reading a book with a grocery tote .	A female is reading .
entailment	Woman reading a book with a grocery tote .	A females is reading .
entailment	Woman reading a book with a grocery tote .	A women is holding a book .
entailment	Woman reading a book with a grocery tote .	A females is holding a book .
entailment	Woman reading a book with a grocery tote .	A females is holding a book .
entailment	A musician playing a guitar while he has the mics inner his mouth .	The masculine is holding an instrument .
entailment	A musician play a guitar while he has the microphone inner his mouth .	The masculine is holding an instrument .
entailment	A musician play a guitar while he has the microphone inland his mouth .	The mens is holding an instrument .
entailment	A children in a maroon shirt play next to a fountain .	The youths is at playing .
entailment	A teenage in a maroon shirt playing next to a fountain .	The juveniles is at play .
entailment	A teen in a maroon shirt play next to a fountain .	The minors is at play .
entailment	A man in a red muscle shirt poses for a photograph beside a stone building whilst other people pass by .	a man is posing
entailment	A man in a red muscle shirt poses for a photographic beside a stone building whilst other people pass by .	a male is posing
entailment	A men in a red muscle shirt poses for a photograph beside a stone building whilst other people pass by .	a mens is posing
entailment	A golden dog passes a blue ball to another golden dog on the beach .	The golden dog is playing ball with another dog exterior .
entailment	A golden dog passes a blue ball to another golden dog on the beach .	The golden dog is playing ball with another dog exterior .
entailment	A golden dog passes a blue ball to another golden dog on the beach .	The golden dog is play ball with another dog outer .
entailment	A men is playing with his skateboarding on a street .	A man is able to use his legs .
entailment	A male is play with his skateboarding on a street .	A masculine is able to use his legs .
entailment	A males is play with his skateboarding on a street .	A males is able to use his legs .
entailment	A man is play with his skateboarding on a street .	A mens is exterior .
entailment	A mens is playing with his skateboarding on a street .	A males is outdoor .
entailment	A male is play with his skateboard on a street .	A men is outside .
entailment	A male and wife stand at the adjusting as they get marries .	A couple is getting married
entailment	A man and wife stand at the adjust as they get matrimony .	A couple is getting married
entailment	A masculine and wife stand at the changes as they get married .	A couple is getting married
entailment	Someone splashing in the water .	A individuals is splashing in water .
entailment	Someone splashing in the water .	A person is splashing in water .
entailment	Someone splashing in the water .	A individuals is splashing in water .
entailment	Two persons are walking on the streets .	The to people are walking .
entailment	Two persons are walking on the streets .	The to people are walking .
entailment	Two persons are walking on the streets .	The to people are walking .
entailment	A boy clothed in an orange shirt and a helmet is riding a filth bicycling in the woods .	A boy in orange rides his filth cycle .
entailment	A boy attired in an orange shirt and a helmet is riding a dirt bike in the wooden .	A boy in orange rides his filth cyclist .
entailment	A boy dressed in an orange shirt and a helmet is riding a filth bicycling in the lumber .	A boy in orange rides his dirt mopeds .
entailment	3 motorcyclists are race ahead of a red BMW , with the leader wearing sturdy white helmet and black bicycle pants	People re riding bicycles
entailment	3 cyclists are races ahead of a red BMW , with the leader wearing robust white helmet and black mopeds pants	People re riding bicycles
entailment	3 motorcyclists are errand ahead of a red BMW , with the leader wearing robust white helmet and negro motorcycle pants	People re riding bicycles
entailment	Man straining to climb cliff face .	Man climb a cliff .
entailment	Man straining to climbing cliff face .	Man climb a cliff .
entailment	Man straining to climb cliff face .	Man climbing a cliff .
entailment	A females with a pink purse walks down a crowded pavement .	A women walks through a crowd
entailment	A woman with a pink backpack walks down a crowded sidewalk .	A women walks through a crowd
entailment	A females with a pink bags walks down a crowded sidewalk .	A female walks through a crowd
entailment	A men is searches at the camera posing for a photographer with his arm around a woman who is searching away .	A man is quest at the camera for a photos with his arm around a lady who is quest away .
entailment	A masculine is searches at the camera posing for a image with his arm around a woman who is quest away .	A male is search at the camera for a image with his arm around a dame who is quest away .
entailment	A men is searching at the camera posing for a photographic with his arm around a woman who is searching away .	A men is searching at the camera for a photographer with his arm around a lady who is searching away .
entailment	People are on an escalator waiting to get to their destinations while searches outboard of the glass that makes up the wall .	People are riding on the escalator .
entailment	People are on an escalator waiting to get to their destinations while searches outer of the glass that makes up the wall .	People are riding on the escalator .
entailment	People are on an escalator waiting to get to their destinations while quest outer of the glass that makes up the wall .	People are riding on the escalator .
entailment	A mens is searches at the camera posing for a photographic with his arm around a female who is quest away .	The man is quest at the camera .
entailment	A males is search at the camera posing for a photographic with his arm around a female who is searches away .	The men is searching at the camera .
entailment	A mens is search at the camera posing for a images with his arm around a females who is looking away .	The masculine is looking at the camera .
entailment	A boy and a daughter sit at a negro tables , while a seconds boy sits near them on a windowsill .	There are boys and daughter sitting at a table
entailment	A boy and a daughters sit at a negro tables , while a second boy sits near them on a windowsill .	There are boys and daughter sitting at a table
entailment	A boy and a daughters sit at a black table , while a seconds boy sits near them on a windowsill .	There are boys and girls sitting at a table
entailment	A males with his arm around a women .	A males is with a women .
entailment	A mens with his arm around a female .	A mens is with a women .
entailment	A male with his arm around a females .	A men is with a women .
entailment	Two masculine are sitting on a couch .	A couple of males a seated on a couch .
entailment	Two male are sitting on a couch .	A couple of masculine a seated on a couch .
entailment	Two male are sitting on a couch .	A couple of masculine a seated on a couch .
entailment	A youths masculine holding a mics and sung .	A males is performing a song .
entailment	A miner men holding a microphone and singing .	A man is performing a song .
entailment	A children men holding a mics and singing .	A male is performing a song .
entailment	A brown and black dog rubs his face in the grass .	The dog is exterior .
entailment	A brown and black dog rubs his face in the grass .	The dog is outer .
entailment	A brown and negro dog rubs his face in the grass .	The dog is exterior .
entailment	A females is weaving with a comb in her hand .	A woman is doing something with her hands .
entailment	A women is weaving with a comb in her hand .	A women is doing something with her hands .
entailment	A woman is weaving with a comb in her hand .	A females is doing something with her hands .
entailment	A worker is on a cherry picker in a palm tree .	A individuals is messing with a trees .
entailment	A worker is on a cherry picker in a palm trees .	A person is messing with a trees .
entailment	A worker is on a cherry picker in a palm trees .	A person is messing with a trees .
entailment	A male clothed in a blue shirt , tan shorts , and a red baseball ceilings is ships a red elder auto with an U.S. flag attached in the rear .	A casually clothed mens admiring an outdated motors .
entailment	A males clothed in a blue shirt , tan shorts , and a red baseball chaps is investigating a red outdated automobile with an U.S. flag attach in the rear .	A casually attired male admiring an archaic automobile .
entailment	A male clothed in a blue shirt , tan shorts , and a red baseball ceilings is navigating a red archaic vehicles with an U.S. flag attached in the rear .	A casually attired masculine admiring an senior auto .
entailment	A dog hunts a duck in a pond .	A dog and a duck are outdoor .
entailment	A dog pursues a duck in a pond .	A dog and a duck are exterior .
entailment	A dog hunted a duck in a pond .	A dog and a duck are outside .
entailment	A dog chases a duck in a pond .	A dog is swimming through a pond in pursuit of a duck .
entailment	A dog hunting a duck in a pond .	A dog is swimming through a pond in pursuit of a duck .
entailment	A dog chases a duck in a pond .	A dog is swim through a pond in pursuit of a duck .
entailment	Two males in punk-style clothes stand in front of a wall .	Two mens standing outdoors .
entailment	Two man in punk-style garments stand in front of a wall .	Two masculine standing outdoors .
entailment	Two mens in punk-style sportswear stand in front of a wall .	Two masculine standing outdoors .
entailment	Two masculine have an after dinner discussion at the dinner tables .	two men are discussing
entailment	Two man have an after dinner discussion at the dinner tables .	two mens are discussing
entailment	Two masculine have an after dinner discussion at the dinner table .	two masculine are discussing
entailment	A girl with a bowing throwing a wet sponge .	The daughter is throwing something .
entailment	A daughter with a bowing throwing a wet sponge .	The daughter is throwing something .
entailment	A daughter with a bowing throwing a wet sponge .	The daughter is throwing something .
entailment	A males in a blue helmet is riding his cyclist .	The male is driving .
entailment	A mens in a blue helmet is riding his bicycling .	The man is drives .
entailment	A masculine in a blue helmet is riding his motorbike .	The mens is drives .
entailment	A girls and a boy hugging on a bridge	Two people hugging .
entailment	A girls and a boy hugging on a bridge	Two people hugging .
entailment	A girls and a boy hugging on a bridge	Two people hugging .
entailment	A small daughter has her shotgun around a little boy standing on a timber bridges in the timber .	The adolescent hug in the lumber .
entailment	A petite daughter has her shotgun around a little boy standing on a woods bridge in the wood .	The teenagers hug in the lumber .
entailment	A petite daughters has her pistols around a petite boy standing on a lumber bridge in the wood .	The teenaged hug in the lumber .
entailment	The gentleman with the red bourbon shirt and negro pants is speaking to a adolescent lady holding a blue folders .	The gentlemen is speaking to a youthful lady .
entailment	The gentleman with the red bourbon shirt and black slacks is speaking to a miners lady holding a blue folder .	The gentleman is speaking to a minor dame .
entailment	The gentlemen with the red scotland shirt and black trousers is speaking to a teens lady holding a blue folder .	The gentleman is speaking to a adolescent dame .
entailment	A juggler wearing a bourbon kilt and a green shirt , juggling .	A person juggles in a kilt .
entailment	A juggler wearing a plaid kilt and a green shirt , juggling .	A persons juggles in a kilt .
entailment	A juggler wearing a bourbon kilt and a green shirt , juggling .	A individuals juggles in a kilt .
entailment	A boy is riding down the routes between two cattle .	A boy , a paths and two cattle .
entailment	A boy is riding down the route between two cows .	A boy , a pathway and two cows .
entailment	A boy is riding down the routing between two cows .	A boy , a road and two cattle .
entailment	A male in a green shirt and a red kilt is juggling three clubs .	A men in a shirt juggles .
entailment	A man in a green shirt and a red kilt is juggling three clubs .	A males in a shirt juggles .
entailment	A man in a green shirt and a red kilt is juggling three clubs .	A males in a shirt juggles .
entailment	Am man riding a very tall bicycles down the street , past a jumbo brick building .	A men rides a bicycling outboard .
entailment	Am males riding a very tall motorcycles down the street , past a mammoth brick building .	A males rides a bicycle exterior .
entailment	Am man riding a very tall cyclist down the street , past a large brick building .	A males rides a bicycle outboard .
entailment	Several people are laying on the floor sleep cover by blankets .	A panel of people rest
entailment	Several people are laying on the floor sleeping covered by blankets .	A panel of people rest
entailment	Several people are laying on the floor slept covered by blankets .	A panel of people rest
entailment	A child female play hopscotch .	There is a kid females .
entailment	A young women play hopscotch .	There is a minor woman .
entailment	A youths female play hopscotch .	There is a youthful women .
entailment	A boy in a red jacket and balck hat sliding on his knees down a snow hill	A teenager is play exterior .
entailment	A boy in a red jacket and balck hat sliding on his knees down a snowy hill	A adolescence is playing exterior .
entailment	A boy in a red jacket and balck hat sliding on his knees down a snow hill	A youth is play outer .
entailment	A musician play his violin .	A persons is play an instrument .
entailment	A musician play his violin .	A individuals is playing an instrument .
entailment	A musician play his violin .	A individuals is playing an instrument .
entailment	A small boy in a black and red striped shirt walks down a grassy hill .	The boy is walking outdoor .
entailment	A small boy in a negro and red striped shirt walks down a grassy hill .	The boy is walking outboard .
entailment	A little boy in a black and red striped shirt walks down a grassy hill .	The boy is walking exterior .
entailment	Boy in red and black shirt walks through grass .	The boy is walking .
entailment	Boy in red and negro shirt walks through grass .	The boy is walking .
entailment	Boy in red and negro shirt walks through grass .	The boy is walking .
entailment	A men sits outdoors with some of his belongings .	A males is outer .
entailment	A mens sits outdoors with some of his belongings .	A masculine is outdoor .
entailment	A male sits outdoors with some of his belongings .	A man is outer .
entailment	Young boy smiles at the camera from the tire swing .	He is outer .
entailment	Young boy smiles at the camera from the tire swing .	He is exterior .
entailment	Young boy smiles at the camera from the tire swing .	He is outer .
entailment	Young Asian men children either smoker something or its an instrument .	A teenager is Asian .
entailment	Young Asian mens children either smokes something or its an instrument .	A kid is Asian .
entailment	Young Asian males teen either smoker something or its an instrument .	A juvenile is Asian .
entailment	A female and minors are on a explore and the women is quest out into the maritime through a scope .	A dame and a child are on a explore and the dame is searches out into the ocean through a scope .
entailment	A women and adolescents are on a studied and the woman is quest out into the oceanic through a scope .	A dame and a youngsters are on a navigating and the dame is searching out into the nautical through a scope .
entailment	A female and kid are on a inquires and the female is search out into the navy through a scope .	A dame and a kid are on a browsing and the lady is searching out into the marines through a scope .
entailment	A women and youthful are on a navigation and the woman is searching out into the oceans through a scope .	A dame is searching through a scope at the naval .
entailment	A female and adolescents are on a survey and the females is looking out into the ocean through a scope .	A dame is looking through a scope at the maritime .
entailment	A woman and adolescence are on a probing and the female is quest out into the navy through a scope .	A lady is searches through a scope at the oceans .
entailment	A women in a bright pink jacket and jeans , with two adolescents young , also in jackets , is on the deck of a investigation using a telescopes to look out to sea .	A women has a bright pink jacket .
entailment	A females in a bright pink jacket and jeans , with two miners adolescence , also in jerseys , is on the deck of a vessel using a telescope to look out to seas .	A women has a bright pink jacket .
entailment	A females in a bright pink jacket and jeans , with two youth minor , also in jerseys , is on the deck of a vessel using a telescopes to look out to sea .	A females has a bright pink jacket .
entailment	A dark-haired men is smiling while in a stores unit while four other man stand outside the unit watching .	Four man are watching the stores unit .
entailment	A dark-haired man is smiling while in a storage unit while four other mens stand outboard the unit watching .	Four male are watching the stores unit .
entailment	A dark-haired male is smiling while in a stores unit while four other masculine stand outer the unit watching .	Four man are watching the stores unit .
entailment	A groups of women singing together while wearing match black dresses .	There are women sings .
entailment	A grouping of females singing together while wearing match black dresses .	There are women sing .
entailment	A panels of woman singing together while wearing match black dresses .	There are females sings .
entailment	An sportsman women in a grey top and black shorts , seems very concentrate on her rollerblading .	woman rollerblading
entailment	An athletes females in a grey top and black shorts , seems very concentrated on her rollerblading .	woman rollerblading
entailment	An athletic woman in a grey top and negro shorts , seems very focusing on her rollerblading .	woman rollerblading
entailment	There are fifth singers on a stages , three woman and two males .	There are more females than man .
entailment	There are fifth singers on a stage , three females and two man .	There are more female than men .
entailment	There are fifth singers on a stages , three female and two masculine .	There are more woman than men .
entailment	There are varied asia people , one wearing a baseball cap .	There are myriad people , one has a ceilings on .
entailment	There are diverse asia people , one wearing a baseball chaps .	There are several people , one has a cap on .
entailment	There are various asia people , one wearing a baseball chaps .	There are varied people , one has a cap on .
entailment	Two dogs in a grassy field .	Two dogs are outside .
entailment	Two dogs in a grassy field .	Two dogs are exterior .
entailment	Two dogs in a grassy field .	Two dogs are outside .
entailment	Three friends are conversations .	Three people are hanging out .
entailment	Three friends are talking .	Three people are hanging out .
entailment	Three friends are conversation .	Three people are hanging out .
entailment	A males in a white t-shirt is holding a pair of goggles .	A masculine is wearing a white shirt .
entailment	A masculine in a white t-shirt is holding a pair of sunglasses .	A men is wearing a white shirt .
entailment	A men in a white t-shirt is holding a pair of goggles .	A males is wearing a white shirt .
entailment	A youthful minors boy in a blue and white striped coat gives a weak smile while walking with four other daughter .	a boy in a coat
entailment	A teen minor boy in a blue and white striped coat gives a frail smile while walking with four other daughter .	a boy in a coat
entailment	A smaller juvenile boy in a blue and white striped coat gives a frail smile while walking with four other daughters .	a boy in a coat
entailment	A dog carries an object in the snowy .	A dog in the snow is carry some object .
entailment	A dog carries an object in the snow .	A dog in the snowy is carry some object .
entailment	A dog carries an object in the snow .	A dog in the snow is carry some object .
entailment	Two men and one females with blond-hair walk through a door with barbed wired on top .	People are walking through a door .
entailment	Two mens and one female with blond-hair walk through a gate with barbed wire on top .	People are walking through a door .
entailment	Two mens and one woman with blond-hair walk through a gate with barbed wiring on top .	People are walking through a door .
entailment	Little daughter with very curly hairdo drinking her cup of juice .	A daughters is ingesting liquid .
entailment	Little daughter with very curly hair drinking her cup of juice .	A girls is ingesting liquid .
entailment	Little girl with very curly hairdo drinking her cup of juice .	A girl is ingesting liquid .
entailment	A music concerto is happening on stages , with the lighting on spot , while the audience listens in the dark .	The audience is listening to the concert in the dark .
entailment	A music concerto is happening on stage , with the illumination on spot , while the audience listens in the dark .	The audience is listening to the concert in the dark .
entailment	A music concerto is happening on stage , with the lights on spot , while the audience listens in the dark .	The audience is listening to the concert in the dark .
entailment	Two boys internal a fencing leap in the air while holding a basketball .	Two boys leap .
entailment	Two boys interior a fences jump in the air while holding a basketball .	Two boys leap .
entailment	Two boys inland a fences jump in the aviation while holding a basketball .	Two boys leap .
entailment	Children playing in a shallow pool next to a immense picture of a daughter 's face .	There are various people present .
entailment	Children play in a shallow pool next to a massive photo of a daughter 's face .	There are assorted people present .
entailment	Children play in a shallow pool next to a enormous images of a daughter 's face .	There are multiple people present .
entailment	A boy and girl minor swing together on a swing set .	Two adolescence are play on a swing set .
entailment	A boy and girls miner swing together on a swing set .	Two adolescence are play on a swing set .
entailment	A boy and daughters youth swing together on a swing set .	Two youths are playing on a swing set .
entailment	Two hussars sit perched on horses , attired in extravagant ceremonial wear , each holding a saber in their right hand , reigns to the equestrian in their left .	Two people are on some animals .
entailment	Two hussars sit perched on horses , clothed in extravagant ceremonial wear , each holding a sword in their right hand , reigns to the equestrian in their left .	Two people are on some zoo .
entailment	Two hussars sit perched on horses , attired in extravagant ceremonial wear , each holding a saber in their right hand , reigns to the equestrian in their left .	Two people are on some animal .
entailment	A male in a bright yellow shirt juggles while riding a unicycle .	Man performs a juggling act on a unicycle .
entailment	A man in a bright yellow shirt juggles while riding a unicycle .	Man performs a juggling act on a unicycle .
entailment	A male in a bright yellow shirt juggles while riding a unicycle .	Man performs a juggling act on a unicycle .
entailment	two males are seen talking , one males wears pink and another is athletes a t-shirt for summer school 60th anniversary .	The two man are conversations .
entailment	two man are seen discussions , one male wears pink and another is athlete a t-shirt for summer school 60th anniversary .	The two man are discussions .
entailment	two males are seen conversation , one masculine wears pink and another is athletics a t-shirt for summer school 60th anniversary .	The two male are talking .
entailment	a mens puts his hands up while telling an amusing stories to his friend with a beard .	People share a talking .
entailment	a masculine puts his hands up while telling an amusing tales to his friend with a beard .	People share a conversations .
entailment	a mens puts his hands up while telling an amusing tales to his friend with a beard .	People share a discussions .
entailment	Two masculine are standing in a ships .	Some people are in a exploring .
entailment	Two male are standing in a exploring .	Some people are in a browse .
entailment	Two male are standing in a inquires .	Some people are in a investigation .
entailment	A female in a low cutting blue shirt is in a crowded room that looks smokey .	Someone is inland .
entailment	A women in a low chop blue shirt is in a crowded rooms that looks smokey .	Someone is inside .
entailment	A woman in a low cutting blue shirt is in a crowded room that looks smokey .	Someone is interior .
entailment	Three puppies are in the toilets being sprayed with water by a individuals .	Animals are in a bathtub .
entailment	Three puppies are in the toilets being sprayed with water by a persons .	Animals are in a toilet .
entailment	Three puppies are in the tub being sprayed with water by a individuals .	Animals are in a bathroom .
entailment	Two people are standing at the end of a timber dock .	A couple of people are at the end of the wharf .
entailment	Two people are standing at the ends of a timber dock .	A couple of people are at the end of the wharf .
entailment	Two people are standing at the end of a lumber dock .	A couple of people are at the end of the wharf .
entailment	Young females is putting her sportswear in the dryer part of a dual stacked washer and dryer unit .	A individuals drying clothes
entailment	Young females is putting her apparel in the dryer part of a dual stacked washer and dryer unit .	A individuals drying clothes
entailment	Young women is putting her clothes in the dryer part of a double stacked washer and dryer unit .	A person drying clothes
entailment	A males in a button up shirt with a negro shirt underneath presents in front of a tv .	The men is wearing a button up shirt .
entailment	A male in a button up shirt with a black shirt underneath presents in front of a tvs .	The male is wearing a button up shirt .
entailment	A man in a button up shirt with a black shirt underneath presents in front of a television .	The males is wearing a button up shirt .
entailment	A speaker is conversations with a TV in the background .	A speaker is talking .
entailment	A speaker is talking with a TV in the background .	A speaker is conversation .
entailment	A speaker is conversations with a TV in the background .	A speaker is talking .
entailment	A male standing on a street with a baggage in front of him while another mens bends down to look at what is displayed on top of it .	There are some people on a paths .
entailment	A men standing on a street with a baggage in front of him while another masculine bends down to look at what is displayed on top of it .	There are some people on a pathway .
entailment	A man standing on a street with a suitcase in front of him while another males bends down to look at what is displayed on top of it .	There are some people on a paths .
entailment	The males is taking a image of the beach .	the mens is outdoors
entailment	The man is taking a photographed of the beach .	the man is outdoors
entailment	The male is taking a photography of the beach .	the men is outdoors
entailment	dame in negro skirt is getting excited .	A dame is excited .
entailment	dame in negro skirt is getting excited .	A dame is excited .
entailment	lady in black skirt is getting excited .	A lady is excited .
entailment	A male wearing a wife-beater singing into a microphone as a blue light shines on him .	A mens performs under a light .
entailment	A males wearing a wife-beater sings into a mics as a blue light shines on him .	A males performs under a light .
entailment	A mens wearing a wife-beater sings into a mics as a blue light shines on him .	A man performs under a light .
entailment	Two man holding a Chinese lamps that 's yellow and red , one masculine has a drilling and the other is smiling .	One smiling mens and one man with a drilling hold a red and yellow Chinese lamps .
entailment	Two man holding a Chinese lamppost that 's yellow and red , one male has a drilling and the other is smiling .	One smiling man and one mens with a drill hold a red and yellow Chinese lamppost .
entailment	Two men holding a Chinese lamppost that 's yellow and red , one men has a drill and the other is smiling .	One smiling males and one male with a drilling hold a red and yellow Chinese lantern .
entailment	Some people are standing in a rooms around a circular reception desk .	Multiple people are indoors near a piece of furniture .
entailment	Some people are standing in a room around a circular reception desk .	Multiple people are indoors near a piece of furniture .
entailment	Some people are standing in a room around a circular reception desk .	Multiple people are indoors near a piece of furniture .
entailment	Two girls are sitting on a park bench one is quest at her cellphones and the other is searches on .	The girl is browse her phone while another daughter watches her .
entailment	Two girl are sitting on a park bench one is searches at her telephone and the other is looking on .	The daughters is studying her telephones while another daughters watches her .
entailment	Two girl are sitting on a park bench one is searching at her phones and the other is searching on .	The daughter is sailboat her telephones while another girls watches her .
entailment	The sun breaks through the trees as a adolescence rides a swing .	A youthful rides a swing in the daylight .
entailment	The sun breaks through the trees as a teenaged rides a swing .	A juveniles rides a swing in the daytime .
entailment	The sun breaks through the tree as a child rides a swing .	A juveniles rides a swing in the daylight .
entailment	A men in a negro shirt working on a guitar .	A guy working on his instrument .
entailment	A masculine in a black shirt working on a guitar .	A guy working on his instrument .
entailment	A males in a negro shirt working on a guitar .	A guy working on his instrument .
entailment	A males in the bucket of a chery-picker cuts down branches using a chainsaw at the end of a lengthy pole .	A men is trim tree .
entailment	A men in the pail of a chery-picker cuts down branches using a chainsaw at the ends of a long poles .	A masculine is trim trees .
entailment	A mens in the bucket of a chery-picker cuts down branches using a chainsaw at the end of a lengthy poles .	A male is trim trees .
entailment	A couple attired in coats , hats , and scarves are standing in the snow .	The couple stood in the snow .
entailment	A couple clothed in coats , hats , and scarves are standing in the snowy .	The couple stood in the snow .
entailment	A couple dressed in coats , hats , and scarves are standing in the snowy .	The couple stood in the snow .
entailment	A underage boy vocalizes in to a microphone held by a blond female in black .	A boy sings .
entailment	A juvenile boy vocalizes in to a mics held by a blond females in negro .	A boy sing .
entailment	A teenaged boy vocalizes in to a microphone held by a blond females in black .	A boy singing .
entailment	A male attired as an angel balance a females attired as an angels on his thighs while she hands out papers to people passing on the pavement .	Two people are outer .
entailment	A mens dressed as an angels balances a females dressed as an angel on his thighs while she hands out papers to people passing on the pavement .	Two people are outside .
entailment	A men clothed as an angel balancing a women dressed as an angel on his thighs while she hands out papers to people passing on the pavement .	Two people are outdoor .
entailment	Everyone on the street in the city seem to be busy doing their own thing .	People are milling about the town street .
entailment	Everyone on the street in the city seem to be busy doing their owned thing .	People are milling approximately the city street .
entailment	Everyone on the street in the town seem to be busy doing their own thing .	People are milling roughly the city street .
entailment	A mens attired as an angels balances a female attired as an angel on his thighs while she hands out papers to people passing on the pavement .	A couple attired in angels costumes are handing out pamphlets on the sidewalk .
entailment	A mens attired as an angels balances a women clothed as an angel on his thighs while she hands out papers to people passing on the pavement .	A couple clothed in angel costumes are handing out textbooks on the pavement .
entailment	A masculine dressed as an angel balances a female dressed as an angel on his thighs while she hands out papers to people passing on the sidewalk .	A couple clothed in angel costumes are handing out textbook on the sidewalk .
entailment	A kid daughter in a riding outfit is sitting on a equestrian holding a teddy bears .	The daughter is riding a horse .
entailment	A juveniles daughters in a riding outfit is sitting on a equestrian holding a teddy bear .	The girl is riding a equestrian .
entailment	A adolescence girl in a riding outfit is sitting on a equestrian holding a teddy bear .	The girl is riding a equestrian .
entailment	A exclusive mens in a blue t-shirt , jeans , and a baseball ceilings works on a roof of a dwelling laying shingles .	A sole masculine in a blue t-shirt , jeans and a baseball caps wors on a roof of a houses laying shingles
entailment	A solitary masculine in a blue t-shirt , jeans , and a baseball ceiling works on a roof of a homes laying shingles .	A lonely males in a blue t-shirt , jeans and a baseball ceilings wors on a roof of a homes laying shingles
entailment	A loner males in a blue t-shirt , jeans , and a baseball caps works on a roof of a houses laying shingles .	A sole man in a blue t-shirt , jeans and a baseball caps wors on a roof of a dwelling laying shingles
entailment	A jumbo brown dog and a little black dog stand near each other on a dirt patch surrounding by grass and weeds .	A overwhelming brown dog and a tiny negro dog are standing in a field .
entailment	A large brown dog and a small black dog stand near each other on a dirt patch surrounding by grass and weeds .	A huge brown dog and a tiny black dog are standing in a field .
entailment	A monumental brown dog and a petite black dog stand near each other on a dirt patch surrounding by grass and weeds .	A massive brown dog and a tiny negro dog are standing in a field .
entailment	A hand holds a colander with a small quantities of fluids in it with a tables with bins in the background .	A colander consists some liquids .
entailment	A hand holds a colander with a little amount of liquid in it with a tables with bins in the background .	A strainer consists some fluids .
entailment	A hand holds a colander with a petite amounts of fluid in it with a tables with bins in the background .	A colander consists some fluids .
entailment	A blond man playing a guitar .	A masculine is playing a guitar .
entailment	A blond males playing a guitar .	A masculine is play a guitar .
entailment	A blond mens playing a guitar .	A man is play a guitar .
entailment	Four motorcyclists are errand on an inner racetrack all wearing the same red , white , and blue uniformed .	There are motorcyclists race .
entailment	Four cyclists are racing on an interior racetrack all wearing the identical red , white , and blue standardized .	There are motorcyclists racing .
entailment	Four cyclists are racing on an interior racetrack all wearing the identical red , white , and blue uniform .	There are cyclists errand .
entailment	A females in an American solider uniforms sits at a table and writes the words `` sad , '' `` depressed , '' and `` hatred '' on a mammoth sheet of white paper .	A female in an American servicemen standardized .
entailment	A female in an American servicemen uniformed sits at a tables and writes the words `` sad , '' `` depressed , '' and `` hatred '' on a gigantic sheet of white paper .	A woman in an American soldier uniform .
entailment	A woman in an American soldier uniform sits at a tables and writes the words `` sad , '' `` depressed , '' and `` hatred '' on a vast sheet of white paper .	A female in an American solider uniforms .
entailment	Everyone on the street in the town seem to be busy doing their own thing .	People are conducting ventures in the city .
entailment	Everyone on the street in the city seem to be busy doing their owned thing .	People are conducting company in the city .
entailment	Everyone on the street in the town seem to be busy doing their owned thing .	People are conducting corporation in the city .
entailment	A women in a US solider standardized is write on a heavy piece of white paper with a negro magic marker while others are sitting at table around her .	A females is writing on paper
entailment	A women in a US soldier uniform is write on a monumental piece of white paper with a black magic marker while others are sitting at tables around her .	A women is writing on paper
entailment	A females in a US solider uniforms is writing on a heavy piece of white paper with a negro magic marker while others are sitting at tables around her .	A females is writing on paper
entailment	A masculine sitting on steps with a adolescence as a onlooker walks by .	A man and a juveniles sitting on steps saw a females walk by .
entailment	A masculine sitting on steps with a kids as a bystander walks by .	A male and a juveniles sitting on steps saw a woman walk by .
entailment	A masculine sitting on steps with a kids as a spectator walks by .	A man and a underage sitting on steps saw a females walk by .
entailment	A males sitting on steps with a teenager as a onlooker walks by .	A men and a youth sitting on steps saw a bystander .
entailment	A masculine sitting on steps with a kid as a bystander walks by .	A mens and a teens sitting on steps saw a onlooker .
entailment	A males sitting on steps with a smaller as a onlooker walks by .	A male and a youngsters sitting on steps saw a spectator .
entailment	Two people climb a rock overhanging water .	Two people are climbing .
entailment	Two people climbing a rock overhanging water .	Two people are climbing .
entailment	Two people climb a rock overhanging water .	Two people are climbing .
entailment	A masculine in an apron smiles as he pokes a frying donut with a small metallic stick .	The males is cook food .
entailment	A mens in an apron smiles as he pokes a frying donut with a small metallic stick .	The males is cooks food .
entailment	A men in an apron smiles as he pokes a frying donut with a petite metal stick .	The mens is cooks food .
entailment	A youngsters girl in a white t-shirt and a blue skirt wearing a light colored hat stands in a river next to a overwhelming rock .	A daughter is wearing a hat .
entailment	A teenager girls in a white t-shirt and a blue skirt wearing a light colored hat stands in a river next to a massive rock .	A daughters is wearing a hat .
entailment	A teenagers girls in a white t-shirt and a blue skirt wearing a light colored hat stands in a river next to a monumental rock .	A daughters is wearing a hat .
entailment	There is a Victorian style building in the background , and in the foreground is a lake where a tiny paddle navigating sits with three people in it .	Three people sit in a paddle examined .
entailment	There is a Victorian style building in the background , and in the foreground is a lake where a tiny paddle browsing sits with three people in it .	Three people sit in a paddling study .
entailment	There is a Victorian style building in the background , and in the foreground is a lake where a tiny paddle yacht sits with three people in it .	Three people sit in a paddling probing .
entailment	One males wearing a pink and blue striped shirt , work gloves , and holding a yellow arduous hat .	A individuals in a shirt
entailment	One mens wearing a pink and blue striped shirt , work gloves , and holding a yellow tricky hat .	A individuals in a shirt
entailment	One men wearing a pink and blue striped shirt , work gloves , and holding a yellow stiff hat .	A individuals in a shirt
entailment	Woman is searches something .	A women is looking
entailment	Woman is searches something .	A women is looking
entailment	Woman is looking something .	A females is looking
entailment	a sole snowboarder jumping in midair with a snowy cover mine in the background	A person snowboard in medium air
entailment	a solitary snowboarder jumping in airline with a snow cover mine in the background	A persons snowboard in middle air
entailment	a exclusive snowboarder jumping in aerial with a snow covered mine in the background	A individuals snowboard in mid air
entailment	A fishers using a movable on a surveys .	A fishermen uses a cellphone .
entailment	A fishers using a movable on a ship .	A harvester utilizes a mobiles .
entailment	A fishers using a laptop on a explores .	A fisher utilizes a portable .
entailment	A tractor decorated as a float for a parade	a tractor is decorated for a parade
entailment	A tractor decorated as a float for a parade	a tractor is decorated for a parade
entailment	A tractor decorated as a float for a parade	a tractor is decorated for a parade
entailment	Men play hockey .	Men play
entailment	Men playing hockey .	Men play
entailment	Men play hockey .	Men play
entailment	A dog leaps into the plane for a tennis ball .	A dog is jumping .
entailment	A dog leaps into the airliner for a tennis ball .	A dog is jumping .
entailment	A dog leaps into the airplane for a tennis ball .	A dog is jumping .
entailment	A women in tennis garment running to hit a ball with her tennis racket .	A females plays tennis .
entailment	A woman in tennis garments running to hit a ball with her tennis racket .	A women plays tennis .
entailment	A women in tennis clothing running to hit a ball with her tennis racket .	A women plays tennis .
entailment	A women with a blond ponytail and a white hat is riding a white equestrian , internal a fence with a horned cow .	The females is riding a equestrian .
entailment	A woman with a blond ponytail and a white hat is riding a white equestrian , internal a fencing with a horned cow .	The women is riding a horse .
entailment	A woman with a blond ponytail and a white hat is riding a white equestrian , indoor a fences with a horned cow .	The women is riding a equestrian .
entailment	A daughter playfully karate a guy in the face while another person makes confront .	A daughter is play battle .
entailment	A daughter playfully karate a guy in the face while another person makes confront .	A daughter is playing fight .
entailment	A daughters playfully kicks a guy in the face while another person makes confront .	A daughters is play combat .
entailment	A dog attacking a men wearing protecting gear .	The men protection itself .
entailment	A dog attacking a masculine wearing defensive gear .	The mens protects himself .
entailment	A dog attacking a males wearing protective gear .	The man protect himself .
entailment	a brown and negro attacks dog being trained by a man holding a stick	A dog is being trained by a males .
entailment	a brown and negro attacks dog being trained by a man holding a stick	A dog is being trained by a mens .
entailment	a brown and black attack dog being trained by a mens holding a stick	A dog is being trained by a male .
entailment	A skier goes down a hill with a mountain as a backdrop .	A skier going down a hill .
entailment	A skier goes down a hill with a mountain as a backdrop .	A skier going down a hill .
entailment	A skier goes down a hill with a mountain as a backdrop .	A skier going down a hill .
entailment	An old negro man sitting on a couple of grocery crates play the chain guitar during the day .	Someone who is visible is more than fifteen years elderly .
entailment	An aging black man sitting on a couple of grocery crates play the chain guitar during the day .	Someone who is visible is more than fifteen years older .
entailment	An outdated negro males sitting on a couple of grocery crates playing the chain guitar during the day .	Someone who is visible is more than fifteen years age .
entailment	A worker clothed in risk orange , face-down in an opening street work .	A persons is wearing orange .
entailment	A worker dressed in threats orange , face-down in an open street work .	A persons is wearing orange .
entailment	A worker clothed in threats orange , face-down in an opening street work .	A person is wearing orange .
entailment	A mens in a brown shirt and blue shorts walking in Droney Park .	A males walking in Droney Park .
entailment	A male in a brown shirt and blue shorts walking in Droney Park .	A mens walking in Droney Park .
entailment	A males in a brown shirt and blue shorts walking in Droney Park .	A man walking in Droney Park .
entailment	Three fireman come out of underground station .	Three firefighters coming up from a underground station .
entailment	Three firefighter come out of subway station .	Three firefighters coming up from a metro station .
entailment	Three firemen come out of metro station .	Three firefighting coming up from a underpass station .
entailment	Several woman are play volleyball .	They women are hitting a ball with their arms
entailment	Several females are playing volleyball .	They woman are hitting a ball with their arms
entailment	Several women are play volleyball .	They woman are hitting a ball with their arms
entailment	A guy taking a nap in the back of a auto .	A men is sleep in the rear of an vehicular .
entailment	A guy taking a nap in the back of a vehicle .	A man is sleeping in the rear of an autos .
entailment	A guy taking a nap in the back of a vehicle .	A masculine is slumber in the rear of an motors .
entailment	A baby is searches into what looks like a telescopes .	A baby looks into a device .
entailment	A baby is searches into what looks like a telescopes .	A baby looks into a device .
entailment	A baby is looking into what looks like a telescope .	A baby looks into a device .
entailment	A little girls on a piece of playground equipment	A minors is doing a thing outdoor .
entailment	A petite daughters on a piece of playground equipment	A teenage is doing a thing outdoor .
entailment	A small girls on a piece of playground equipment	A youngsters is doing a thing outdoor .
entailment	A petite girl on a piece of playground equipment	A teenage is doing a thing .
entailment	A small girls on a piece of playground equipment	A minor is doing a thing .
entailment	A little girls on a piece of playground equipment	A teenagers is doing a thing .
entailment	Several female are play volleyball .	This does n't look like soccer
entailment	Several woman are play volleyball .	This does n't look like soccer
entailment	Several women are playing volleyball .	This does n't look like soccer
entailment	A woman on stages holding a microphone standing by a masculine .	Two people are on a stage
entailment	A females on stage holding a microphone standing by a male .	Two people are on a stage
entailment	A female on stages holding a mics standing by a man .	Two people are on a stage
entailment	A male in a short Mohawk and beard .	The men has a beard and a short Mohawk haircut .
entailment	A masculine in a short Mohawk and beard .	The male has a beard and a short Mohawk haircut .
entailment	A men in a short Mohawk and beard .	The masculine has a beard and a short Mohawk haircut .
entailment	A mens in a short Mohawk and beard .	A men with a short Mohawk and beard stands outside .
entailment	A man in a short Mohawk and beard .	A mens with a short Mohawk and beard stands outer .
entailment	A mens in a short Mohawk and beard .	A men with a short Mohawk and beard stands outboard .
entailment	A petite boy wearing a yellow , white and black striped shirt is whispering a hide to a small daughter wearing a white long sleeved-shirt .	A small boy is whispering to a girls .
entailment	A little boy wearing a yellow , white and black striped shirt is whispering a concealing to a small daughter wearing a white long sleeved-shirt .	A petite boy is whispering to a daughter .
entailment	A little boy wearing a yellow , white and negro striped shirt is whispering a secret to a petite daughter wearing a white long sleeved-shirt .	A petite boy is whispering to a daughter .
entailment	A female is posing in a meadow next to an elders truck .	A females is getting her pictures taken near a truck .
entailment	A females is posing in a meadow next to an elders truck .	A females is getting her photographed taken near a truck .
entailment	A females is posing in a meadow next to an elders truck .	A women is getting her photographer taken near a truck .
entailment	Several women are playing volleyball .	A bunch of woman are play volleyball
entailment	Several woman are playing volleyball .	A bunch of females are playing volleyball
entailment	Several females are play volleyball .	A bunch of female are playing volleyball
entailment	Blond women working wearing gloves .	A woman working with her hands protects from harm .
entailment	Blond woman working wearing gloves .	A woman working with her hands protected from harm .
entailment	Blond females working wearing gloves .	A women working with her hands protected from harm .
entailment	A women in a green shirt is working within a immense quantities of flora that is at many stage of maturity .	The females is working with plants .
entailment	A females in a green shirt is working within a monumental amount of vegetation that is at differing stage of maturity .	The female is working with plants .
entailment	A females in a green shirt is working within a vast amounts of flora that is at varied stage of maturity .	The females is working with plant .
entailment	Three daughters jumping in front of a homes 's flowering garden .	Three daughters are jumping
entailment	Three daughters jumping in front of a homes 's flowers garden .	Three girl are jumping
entailment	Three girls jumping in front of a housing 's flowers garden .	Three daughters are jumping
entailment	A teenaged redheaded daughter , wearing a yellow shirt , black breeches , and sneakers , jumping in a grassy field with blue skies and wispy clouds in the background .	A daughter jumps in a grassy field
entailment	A youths redheaded girl , wearing a yellow shirt , negro slacks , and sneakers , jumping in a grassy field with blue sky and wispy clouds in the background .	A daughters jumps in a grassy field
entailment	A juveniles redheaded daughter , wearing a yellow shirt , negro underpants , and sneakers , jumping in a grassy field with blue skies and wispy clouds in the background .	A daughters jumps in a grassy field
entailment	Two women 's volleyball teams are compete against each other on a salmon-colored and turquoise court while a referee in black watches .	volleyball matching is in progress between ladies
entailment	Two woman 's volleyball teams are compete against each other on a salmon-colored and turquoise courts while a referees in negro clocks .	volleyball matches is in advances between ladies
entailment	Two women 's volleyball teams are compete against each other on a salmon-colored and turquoise courts while a referee in negro watches .	volleyball match is in progress between ladies
entailment	A kid redheaded daughter , wearing a yellow shirt , black underclothes , and sneakers , jumping in a grassy field with blue skies and wispy clouds in the background .	A girls jumps in her newly cut lawn
entailment	A youngsters redheaded girls , wearing a yellow shirt , black underclothes , and sneakers , jumping in a grassy field with blue sky and wispy clouds in the background .	A girl jumps in her newly chop lawn
entailment	A underage redheaded girls , wearing a yellow shirt , negro trousers , and sneakers , jumping in a grassy field with blue skies and wispy clouds in the background .	A daughters jumps in her newly chop lawn
entailment	A panels of people in red sportswear with scooters ride down the hill on rollerblades .	There are several people wearng red .
entailment	A panels of people in red clothes with scooters ride down the hill on rollerblades .	There are several people wearng red .
entailment	A group of people in red garment with scooters ride down the hill on rollerblades .	There are multiple people wearng red .
entailment	Four youthful men stare up at a basketball hoop with no netted , in an outboard , urban basketball court .	Four adolescent man looking up at a basketball hoop .
entailment	Four child male stare up at a basketball hoop with no netted , in an outer , urban basketball courts .	Four youths man quest up at a basketball hoop .
entailment	Four smaller masculine stare up at a basketball hoop with no netted , in an outdoor , urban basketball court .	Four young masculine searches up at a basketball hoop .
entailment	a ballerina striking a pose in the studio .	The ballerina is indoors .
entailment	a ballerina striking a pose in the studio .	The ballerina is indoors .
entailment	a ballerina striking a pose in the studio .	The ballerina is indoors .
entailment	Four youngsters pose on a stage .	Several children are posing on a stage .
entailment	Four minor pose on a stages .	Several underage are posing on a stages .
entailment	Four children pose on a stages .	Several kids are posing on a stages .
entailment	People in bathing suits bend down and reach into the water of a lake .	People are exterior .
entailment	People in bathing suits bend down and reach into the water of a lake .	People are exterior .
entailment	People in bathing suits bend down and reach into the water of a lake .	People are exterior .
entailment	A boy dressed in a scotsman kilt with a brown hat wields a lengthy pole .	A boy has and object in his hands .
entailment	A boy attired in a whiskey kilt with a brown hat wields a long pole .	A boy has and object in his hands .
entailment	A boy dressed in a bourbon kilt with a brown hat wields a long poles .	A boy has and object in his hands .
entailment	A females in white climbs up a metal structure .	A females is being athletes .
entailment	A female in white climbs up a metals structure .	A women is being sport .
entailment	A woman in white climbs up a metals structure .	A woman is being athletic .
entailment	A person is squatting down near buckets , holding something in one hand .	There is more than one pail .
entailment	A individuals is squatting down near buckets , holding something in one hand .	There is more than one bucket .
entailment	A individuals is squatting down near buckets , holding something in one hand .	There is more than one pail .
entailment	An oriental females cleanup wooden outside from a pail .	A female is cleanup lumber .
entailment	An eastern female cleaning woods exterior from a bucket .	A female is cleaning wood .
entailment	An eastern women cleanliness woods outer from a pail .	A female is cleaning wooden .
entailment	A males with a blue , collared shirt sits in front of another man .	a man sits in front of another man
entailment	A man with a blue , collared shirt sits in front of another masculine .	a male sits in front of another man
entailment	A men with a blue , collared shirt sits in front of another masculine .	a men sits in front of another man
entailment	Older male wearing dark blue garments sweep the ground and a person wearing a red coat and carrying a green satchel entering the building .	An ancient male is outdoors
entailment	Older man wearing dark blue clothing sweeping the ground and a person wearing a red coat and carrying a green bags entering the building .	An ancient males is outdoors
entailment	Older men wearing dark blue garment sweeping the ground and a individuals wearing a red coat and carrying a green backpack entering the building .	An antique mens is outdoors
entailment	A men is on a skateboarding jumping from a short ledge onto the sidewalk .	The males is outdoors .
entailment	A man is on a skateboarding jumping from a short ledge onto the sidewalk .	The males is outdoors .
entailment	A masculine is on a skateboarding jumping from a short ledge onto the pavement .	The man is outdoors .
entailment	A woman in a bathing suit is sitting on a wharf over a agency of water .	A females sits outdoor on the dock .
entailment	A female in a bathing suit is sitting on a wharf over a body of water .	A females sits outside on the wharf .
entailment	A female in a bathing suit is sitting on a dock over a bodies of water .	A females sits outer on the dock .
entailment	A girl is approximately to hit a tennis ball coming from above her with a racket	A daughter is play tennis .
entailment	A girls is roughly to hit a tennis ball coming from above her with a racket	A daughter is play tennis .
entailment	A daughters is about to hit a tennis ball coming from above her with a racket	A daughters is play tennis .
entailment	Six people in mid-evil style costumes wearing stilts of multiple length pass by a grouping of onlookers .	Six people are attired up .
entailment	Six people in mid-evil style costumes wearing stilts of numerous lengths pass by a grouping of bystanders .	Six people are clothed up .
entailment	Six people in mid-evil style costumes wearing stilts of multiple lengths pass by a grouping of bystanders .	Six people are dressed up .
entailment	A smaller mens is running while play tennis against another person .	Two people playing tennis as one of them runs .
entailment	A miner male is running while playing tennis against another individuals .	Two people playing tennis as one of them runs .
entailment	A young masculine is running while playing tennis against another person .	Two people playing tennis as one of them runs .
entailment	A petite boy with a blue motorbikes helmet and a woman in a green cycle helmet are riding motorcycle down a street with other diverse motorbike riders .	A groups of people ride motorcycles together down a street .
entailment	A small boy with a blue moped helmet and a female in a green mopeds helmet are riding bicycles down a street with other assorted biking riders .	A panels of people ride cycling together down a street .
entailment	A petite boy with a blue motorcycles helmet and a females in a green motorbike helmet are riding bicycles down a street with other myriad motorcycle riders .	A group of people ride bicycle together down a street .
entailment	A females with a cart of eggs walks in a marketplace .	A females browses a market
entailment	A woman with a cart of eggs walks in a market .	A woman browses a market
entailment	A females with a cart of egg walks in a market .	A females browses a market
entailment	Two female , standing at a fencing , are each talking on their telephones , while two men sitting on the converse side of the fences are having a conversations .	Two males and two women are outboard having conversation .
entailment	Two females , standing at a fencing , are each discussions on their telephone , while two mens sitting on the opposite side of the fencing are having a talking .	Two man and two female are outside having conversation .
entailment	Two women , standing at a fencing , are each talking on their phone , while two man sitting on the opposite side of the fences are having a conversation .	Two mens and two women are outdoor having talking .
entailment	A dame in the kitchen cleanliness her feet on a chopping board with a red towel , or red apron , with her husband standing there .	A dame in the kitchen cleans her footing .
entailment	A dame in the kitchen cleanliness her footing on a chopping board with a red towel , or red apron , with her husband standing there .	A dame in the kitchen cleans her feet .
entailment	A lady in the kitchen cleanliness her footing on a chopping board with a red towel , or red apron , with her husband standing there .	A lady in the kitchen cleans her feet .
entailment	A man in a soldier uniform is walking away from a line of servicemen motor .	A military mens is walking away from the line of soldier vehicles
entailment	A men in a serviceman uniform is walking away from a line of servicemen cars .	A solider man is walking away from the line of servicemen vehicles
entailment	A males in a servicemen standardized is walking away from a line of solider auto .	A serviceman masculine is walking away from the line of serviceman vehicles
entailment	A lighted daughters splashes around in natural water .	A daughters splashes in water .
entailment	A illuminated girl splashes around in natural water .	A girls splashes in water .
entailment	A lighted daughters splashes around in natural water .	A daughter splashes in water .
entailment	Two man on oppose teams are playing soccer in a field .	Two males play soccer .
entailment	Two masculine on opposing teams are play soccer in a field .	Two males playing soccer .
entailment	Two males on oppose teams are play soccer in a field .	Two man play soccer .
entailment	A brown dog and a negro and white dog are running over grassy hills .	two dogs run
entailment	A brown dog and a black and white dog are running over grassy hills .	two dogs run
entailment	A brown dog and a black and white dog are running over grassy hills .	two dogs run
entailment	Two dogs are running next to each other on a grassy hill .	There are animal outboard .
entailment	Two dogs are running next to each other on a grassy hill .	There are animals outdoor .
entailment	Two dogs are running next to each other on a grassy hill .	There are animal outboard .
entailment	Young people are standing around a drums at a parties .	A drumming has people standing around it .
entailment	Young people are standing around a drum at a party .	A drumming has people standing around it .
entailment	Young people are standing around a drumming at a parties .	A drums has people standing around it .
entailment	A person with dark hairstyle in a white shirt is sitting in a chair in water with a `` swimming at your own hazard '' sign on the wall .	a person sits in a chairs in water
entailment	A person with dark hair in a white shirt is sitting in a chairs in water with a `` swimming at your own hazards '' sign on the wall .	a individuals sits in a chairs in water
entailment	A person with dark hairstyle in a white shirt is sitting in a chairs in water with a `` swim at your own threat '' sign on the wall .	a individuals sits in a chair in water
entailment	People are riding bicycles in the street , and they are all wearing helmets .	A group of bicyclists are on a street outside
entailment	People are riding cyclist in the street , and they are all wearing helmets .	A grouping of bicyclists are on a street outside
entailment	People are riding bikes in the street , and they are all wearing helmets .	A groups of bicyclists are on a street outside
entailment	A white men in a red shirt riding a bicycles .	A guy wears a shirt on a motorbikes .
entailment	A white male in a red shirt riding a bicycle .	A guy wears a shirt on a bikes .
entailment	A white men in a red shirt riding a bicycling .	A guy wears a shirt on a cycle .
entailment	Several people have gathered behind a grouping of other people who are sitting around a tables .	There are different people sitting around a table .
entailment	Several people have gathered behind a panels of other people who are sitting around a tables .	There are diverse people sitting around a tables .
entailment	Several people have gathered behind a panel of other people who are sitting around a table .	There are various people sitting around a tables .
entailment	A teenager girl poses with a trophy in the park .	A girls is at the park .
entailment	A youth girls poses with a trophy in the park .	A girls is at the park .
entailment	A minor daughter poses with a trophy in the park .	A girls is at the park .
entailment	Two male are shirtless on the beach on a beautiful day .	There are masculine on the beach .
entailment	Two men are shirtless on the beach on a beautiful day .	There are masculine on the beach .
entailment	Two men are shirtless on the beach on a beautiful day .	There are mens on the beach .
entailment	A medium eastern markets .	A middle easten boutique .
entailment	A media eastern markets .	A mid easten store .
entailment	A middle eastern marketplace .	A mid easten boutique .
entailment	People at a farmer 's market .	A crowd is at the farmers marketplace .
entailment	People at a farmer 's market .	A crowd is at the farmers market .
entailment	People at a farmer 's market .	A crowd is at the farmers market .
entailment	Four people enjoying an art exhibit .	Fours people are quest at art
entailment	Four people enjoying an art exhibit .	Fours people are search at art
entailment	Four people enjoying an art exhibit .	Fours people are looking at art
entailment	Man with black shirt and sunglasses makes something out of a balloon .	A man makes something from a balloon .
entailment	Man with negro shirt and goggles makes something out of a balloon .	A male makes something from a balloon .
entailment	Man with negro shirt and sunglasses makes something out of a balloon .	A male makes something from a balloon .
entailment	this Man , with a Red & White Shirt has Water Bottles on this White Truck .	the guy has bottles on the truck
entailment	this Man , with a Red & White Shirt has Water Bottles on this White Truck .	the guy has bottles on the truck
entailment	this Man , with a Red & White Shirt has Water Bottles on this White Truck .	the guy has bottles on the truck
entailment	A small blond boy is play medication with red , blue , and yellow toy gear .	Boy pretending to be a doctor .
entailment	A small blond boy is play drug with red , blue , and yellow toy gear .	Boy pretending to be a medical .
entailment	A little blond boy is play drugs with red , blue , and yellow toy gear .	Boy pretending to be a doctor .
entailment	The team swift moves their classical exploring down the river .	The people are in a boat
entailment	The team rapids moves their classical battleship down the river .	The people are in a boat
entailment	The team rapid moves their classical investigates down the river .	The people are in a boat
entailment	A media eastern markets .	A foreign store .
entailment	A medium east markets .	A foreign store .
entailment	A middle oriental marketplace .	A foreign store .
entailment	A teenaged men holding a teen female in his shotgun as they get splashed by water shooting up from a fountain .	Two people are in front of a fountain .
entailment	A kid man holding a miner females in his revolver as they get splashed by water shooting up from a fountain .	Two people are in front of a fountain .
entailment	A teen masculine holding a adolescents women in his weapon as they get splashed by water shooting up from a fountain .	Two people are in front of a fountain .
entailment	A crowd in which two man are wearing Santa Claus Hats are celebrating Christmas outdoor of a Bank of America and a Christmas tree .	A crowd is celebrating Christmas outer of Bank of America .
entailment	A crowd in which two mens are wearing Santa Claus Hats are celebrating Christmas outside of a Bank of America and a Christmas trees .	A crowd is celebrating Christmas outer of Bank of America .
entailment	A crowd in which two male are wearing Santa Claus Hats are celebrating Christmas outer of a Bank of America and a Christmas tree .	A crowd is celebrating Christmas outside of Bank of America .
entailment	A bicyclist is attempting a ploy on a wiring in a tropical location .	A individuals on a cyclist has his cycle situated on a wired .
entailment	A bicyclist is attempting a ploy on a cable in a tropical location .	A person on a bike has his motorcycles situated on a wiring .
entailment	A bicyclist is attempting a ploy on a wires in a tropical location .	A individuals on a bikes has his motorbikes situated on a wired .
entailment	a woman in a black shirt searching at a motorbikes .	A females sees a motorcycle .
entailment	a women in a black shirt quest at a moped .	A female sees a bike .
entailment	a females in a black shirt search at a motorcycles .	A female sees a bicycle .
entailment	Two people are sitting in a chair a dame reading and a masculine looking to his phone	The dame is reading .
entailment	Two people are sitting in a chairs a dame reading and a males quest to his phone	The dame is reading .
entailment	Two people are sitting in a chairs a lady reading and a man looking to his phone	The dame is reading .
entailment	people are sitting on a bench in front of buildings .	Some people are seated on a bench outer .
entailment	people are sitting on a bench in front of buildings .	Some people are seated on a bench outdoor .
entailment	people are sitting on a bench in front of buildings .	Some people are seated on a bench outer .
entailment	people sitting on stools searches outdoor .	People look outer .
entailment	people sitting on saddles quest outdoor .	People look exterior .
entailment	people sitting on saddles searches outside .	People look outdoor .
entailment	A juvenile females wearing jeans , a white t-shirt and a hat , performs a high flying ploy on a bike at an outer motorcycle park .	Young female performing mopeds tricks at a motorbikes park .
entailment	A teenager woman wearing jeans , a white t-shirt and a hat , performs a high flying ploy on a bicycles at an exterior bicycling park .	Young female performing bikes tricks at a motorbike park .
entailment	A juveniles female wearing jeans , a white t-shirt and a hat , performs a high flying ploy on a cycling at an outer bicycles park .	Young women performing motorbikes tricks at a motorbikes park .
entailment	At less eight people are sitting at a table in a building that forgets the town .	people sitting at a table
entailment	At minimal eight people are sitting at a tables in a building that ignoring the town .	people sitting at a table
entailment	At least eight people are sitting at a tables in a building that overlooks the city .	people sitting at a table
entailment	A petite boy in a blue shirt is putting some glasses up to a window while a dame watches him .	A boy puts on some sunglasses
entailment	A petite boy in a blue shirt is putting some goggles up to a window while a lady watches him .	A boy puts on some sunglasses
entailment	A little boy in a blue shirt is putting some eyeglasses up to a window while a dame watches him .	A boy puts on some sunglasses
entailment	Men in an office with computer and a projector screen .	There are computers and a spotlights screen in the rooms .
entailment	Men in an office with computer and a spotlights screen .	There are computers and a spotlights screen in the room .
entailment	Men in an office with computers and a spotlights screen .	There are computers and a spotlights screen in the rooms .
entailment	Two miner in negro trunks bouncing on a wet trampoline .	Children playing on trampolines outdoors .
entailment	Two teen in black trunks bouncing on a wet trampoline .	Children play on trampolines outdoors .
entailment	Two miner in black trunks bouncing on a wet trampoline .	Children playing on trampolines outdoors .
entailment	Two miner in black trunks bouncing on a wet trampoline .	Two teenaged are drills on trampolines .
entailment	Two child in black trunks bouncing on a wet trampoline .	Two young are drills on trampolines .
entailment	Two kids in negro trunks bouncing on a wet trampoline .	Two teenage are drills on trampolines .
entailment	Two male soccer gamers on oppose teams are trying to get the soccer ball .	Two soccer players go after the ball .
entailment	Two masculine soccer gamers on opposed teams are trying to get the soccer ball .	Two soccer players go after the ball .
entailment	Two male soccer gamers on opposing teams are trying to get the soccer ball .	Two soccer gamers go after the ball .
entailment	A masculine with negro clothes is sweeping steps with a broom .	The mens is sweep the steps .
entailment	A mens with black garment is sweep steps with a broom .	The masculine is sweeping the steps .
entailment	A males with black sportswear is sweeping steps with a broom .	The masculine is sweeping the steps .
entailment	Numerous client examines for produce in a marketplace .	People are shopping .
entailment	Numerous client explores for produce in a market .	People are shopping .
entailment	Numerous customer yacht for produce in a marketplace .	People are shopping .
entailment	Four masculine play drum in very orange illumination while one of them is also drinking something out of a bottle .	the mens are musicians
entailment	Four man playing drumming in very orange illumination while one of them is also drinking something out of a bottle .	the masculine are musicians
entailment	Four men playing drumming in very orange lights while one of them is also drinking something out of a bottle .	the mens are musicians
entailment	A boy wearing a shirt with an American flag plays with a basketball on the blacktop .	A children males is wearing sportswear .
entailment	A boy wearing a shirt with an American flag plays with a basketball on the blacktop .	A adolescence masculine is wearing apparel .
entailment	A boy wearing a shirt with an American flag plays with a basketball on the blacktop .	A kids men is wearing garments .
entailment	A U.S. military assist a miner girl in the hands of her father , while other soldiers look on .	There is a daughters and her father present .
entailment	A U.S. solider assisting a kid daughter in the hands of her fathers , while other soldiers look on .	There is a daughter and her fathers present .
entailment	A U.S. soldier assists a children girl in the hands of her father , while other soldiers look on .	There is a daughters and her father present .
entailment	Taking a break to watch some TV	Taking a break
entailment	Taking a break to watch some TV	Taking a break
entailment	Taking a break to watch some TV	Taking a break
entailment	A brown dog persues a Frisbee across the grass as the thrower clocks .	A dog plays in the park .
entailment	A brown dog persues a Frisbee across the grass as the thrower clocks .	A dog plays in the park .
entailment	A brown dog persues a Frisbee across the grass as the thrower clocks .	A dog plays in the park .
entailment	A boy clothed in a dark shirt carries a blue rucksack over his shoulder and a green pail .	A boy is carrying something on his shoulder .
entailment	A boy dressed in a dark shirt carries a blue handbag over his shoulder and a green pail .	A boy is carry something on his shoulder .
entailment	A boy attired in a dark shirt carries a blue knapsack over his shoulder and a green bucket .	A boy is carrying something on his shoulder .
entailment	A mens with a white beard speaks into a microphone wearing a long-sleeved grey button down shirt .	A males is speaking to a crowd .
entailment	A mens with a white beard speaks into a microphone wearing a long-sleeved gray button down shirt .	A masculine is speaking to a crowd .
entailment	A males with a white beard speaks into a mics wearing a long-sleeved grey button down shirt .	A males is speaking to a crowd .
entailment	A individuals wearing a straw hat , standing outdoor working a steel apparatus with a pile of coconuts on the ground .	A persons is near a piling of coconuts .
entailment	A person wearing a straw hat , standing outdoor working a steel apparatus with a pile of coconuts on the ground .	A persons is near a pile of coconuts .
entailment	A persons wearing a straw hat , standing outboard working a steel apparatus with a pile of coconuts on the ground .	A individuals is near a piling of coconuts .
entailment	Four masculine playing drum in very orange illumination while one of them is also drinking something out of a bottle .	four men playing drums
entailment	Four man playing drums in very orange lighting while one of them is also drinking something out of a bottle .	four mens play drums
entailment	Four males play drum in very orange illumination while one of them is also drinking something out of a bottle .	four masculine playing drums
entailment	A males in a grey coat is walking on a fallen trees trunk in a forestry .	A guy walks on a downed tree trunk .
entailment	A man in a grey coat is walking on a fallen tree trunk in a forest .	A guy walks on a downed trees trunk .
entailment	A mens in a grey coat is walking on a fallen tree trunk in a forestry .	A guy walks on a downed tree trunk .
entailment	A men in a grey coat is walking on a fallen trees trunk in a forests .	A adolescent men wearing a grey winter jacket walks on a fallen oak tree .
entailment	A man in a grey coat is walking on a fallen tree trunk in a forest .	A minors men wearing a gray winter jacket walks on a fallen oak trees .
entailment	A men in a grey coat is walking on a fallen tree trunk in a forestry .	A youthful male wearing a grey winter jacket walks on a fallen oak trees .
entailment	A males in a jacket wearing black boots walking on the truck of a fallen tree over a ravine .	A men walks outdoors .
entailment	A masculine in a jacket wearing black boots walking on the truck of a fallen trees over a ravine .	A males walks outdoors .
entailment	A male in a jacket wearing negro boots walking on the truck of a fallen tree over a ravine .	A male walks outdoors .
entailment	A dame is promoted something to the other two daughter .	A female is engaging some daughters .
entailment	A lady is encourages something to the other two girl .	A woman is engaging some girls .
entailment	A lady is promotion something to the other two girls .	A females is engaging some girl .
entailment	Some teens are wrestling on an inflatable raft	Some youngsters playing with a raft .
entailment	Some youth are wrestling on an inflatable raft	Some adolescence play with a raft .
entailment	Some teenagers are wrestling on an inflatable raft	Some kids playing with a raft .
entailment	A panel of Asian daughters are standing together .	There are differing daughter standing together .
entailment	A groups of Asian daughter are standing together .	There are diverse daughter standing together .
entailment	A groups of Asian girl are standing together .	There are many girls standing together .
entailment	Two girls kiss a males with a black shirt and brown hair on the cheeks .	Two girls kissing a men .
entailment	Two daughters kiss a man with a black shirt and brown hair on the cheeks .	Two girls kissing a male .
entailment	Two girl kiss a males with a negro shirt and brown hair on the cheeks .	Two daughters kissing a mens .
entailment	A woman wearing an elaborate array of plumes in her hairstyle , a bead pendant , a medallion , and an magenta , brown , and olive-green dress and looks off to her left , smiling slightly .	A females looks to her left
entailment	A women wearing an elaborate array of plumes in her hairdo , a bead pendant , a medallion , and an cyan , brown , and olive-green frock and looks off to her left , smiling slightly .	A women looks to her left
entailment	A women wearing an elaborate array of feathers in her hairstyle , a bead pendant , a medallion , and an cyan , brown , and olive-green attire and looks off to her left , smiling slightly .	A women looks to her left
entailment	A masculine is riding up an escalator that is carry shopping wagons .	The man is internal a building .
entailment	A masculine is riding up an escalator that is carry shopping carts .	The mens is inner a building .
entailment	A masculine is riding up an escalator that is carry shopping carts .	The masculine is inner a building .
entailment	I am squatting on a wharf , searching into a lake .	I am near a lake .
entailment	I am squatting on a dock , searching into a lake .	I am near a lake .
entailment	I am squatting on a dock , searching into a lake .	I am near a lake .
entailment	A men search at a female searching at water .	A females clocks the water .
entailment	A man looking at a woman looking at water .	A females watches the water .
entailment	A men searches at a woman looking at water .	A females clocks the water .
entailment	Young boys in green and blue blazers kick around a soccer ball while other soccer game take place in the background .	Young boys kicking around a soccer ball .
entailment	Young boys in green and blue jerseys kick around a soccer ball while other soccer game take placing in the background .	Young boys kicking around a soccer ball .
entailment	Young boys in green and blue blazers kick around a soccer ball while other soccer games take place in the background .	Young boys kicking around a soccer ball .
entailment	Lab technique search through a microscope in a laboratory .	The laboratory technique is using the microscope .
entailment	Lab techs search through a microscope in a labs .	The darkroom techs is using the microscope .
entailment	Lab technologies searching through a microscope in a labs .	The lab technician is using the microscope .
entailment	Coed choir sing at an event .	A choir is sings .
entailment	Coed choir sings at an events .	A choir is sings .
entailment	Coed choir sing at an events .	A choir is sing .
entailment	A mens in a red shirt is being filmed by another male on a sporting field with a enormous audience of people watching and cheering .	The mens is being filmed by another mens .
entailment	A males in a red shirt is being filmed by another mens on a sport field with a hefty audience of people watching and cheering .	The men is being filmed by another men .
entailment	A man in a red shirt is being filmed by another masculine on a athletic field with a immense audience of people watching and cheering .	The men is being filmed by another mens .
entailment	Children receiving places at an awards ceremonies .	An award ceremonies is occurring .
entailment	Children receiving places at an awards ceremonies .	An award ceremonies is occurring .
entailment	Children receiving places at an award ceremony .	An award ceremony is occurring .
entailment	A women crosses the street with a baby in her firearms .	A females crosses the street carrying her baby .
entailment	A females crosses the street with a baby in her gun .	A female crosses the street carrying her baby .
entailment	A woman crosses the street with a baby in her pistol .	A females crosses the street carrying her baby .
entailment	a men sitting on a biking with a sunset directly behind him	A males sitting on his motorcycle with the sunset directly behind him exterior .
entailment	a male sitting on a motorcycle with a sunset directly behind him	A masculine sitting on his biking with the sunset directly behind him exterior .
entailment	a mens sitting on a motorcycles with a sunset directly behind him	A males sitting on his motorcycles with the sunset directly behind him exterior .
entailment	a men sitting on a biking with a sunset directly behind him	A masculine sitting on his motorcycle as night began to fall .
entailment	a mens sitting on a bicycling with a sunset directly behind him	A males sitting on his cycling as nightly beginning to fall .
entailment	a man sitting on a motorbike with a sunset directly behind him	A man sitting on his biking as night initiation to fall .
entailment	A masculine wearing blue jeans and a peach shirt is arguing with a females with long grey hairstyle , a red skirt and tan shirt .	A masculine wearing blue jeans and a peach shirt is arguing with a woman
entailment	A man wearing blue jeans and a peach shirt is arguing with a women with long grey hair , a red skirt and tan shirt .	A male wearing blue jeans and a peach shirt is arguing with a woman
entailment	A masculine wearing blue jeans and a peach shirt is arguing with a women with lengthy grey hairstyle , a red skirt and tan shirt .	A males wearing blue jeans and a peach shirt is arguing with a woman
entailment	A youths daughter in a red top is running through a grassy spheres with huge buildings in the background .	The youthful daughters is outer .
entailment	A teenager girls in a red top is running through a grassy sphere with overwhelming buildings in the background .	The juvenile daughters is outside .
entailment	A young daughter in a red top is running through a grassy sphere with jumbo buildings in the background .	The smaller daughters is outdoor .
entailment	A underage and a parent or aging sibling going for a hike .	Two people are going for a hike .
entailment	A teenager and a parent or aging fraternal going for a hike .	Two people are going for a hike .
entailment	A teens and a parent or elders sibling going for a hike .	Two people are going for a hike .
entailment	A persons is walking a motorbikes down a city street .	A persons is walking .
entailment	A person is walking a mopeds down a city street .	A person is walking .
entailment	A individuals is walking a bicycle down a town street .	A persons is walking .
entailment	A miners male sleeping next to a dog .	A dog has a men sleeping next to it .
entailment	A kid men sleep next to a dog .	A dog has a mens slept next to it .
entailment	A miners men sleeping next to a dog .	A dog has a male sleep next to it .
entailment	A males in a one piece tunic is riding a motorbike in front of a sandstone wall while touch his nose .	The males is riding a cycling .
entailment	A masculine in a one piece tunic is riding a bicycles in front of a sandstone wall while touching his nose .	The males is riding a cycling .
entailment	A masculine in a one piece tunic is riding a bikes in front of a sandstone wall while touch his nose .	The mens is riding a bicycle .
entailment	A crowd gathered on either side of a soap box derby , with a lone soap box automobile on the path track .	The people are at the racing .
entailment	A crowd gathered on either side of a soap box derby , with a lonesome soap box cars on the pathway track .	The people are at the errand .
entailment	A crowd gathered on either side of a soap box derby , with a solitary soap box autos on the paths track .	The people are at the racing .
entailment	A youngsters boy poses behind the netting of an enclosed play areas while three other minor playing .	A boy poses in front of child playing
entailment	A youth boy poses behind the netting of an enclosed playing areas while three other child playing .	A boy poses in front of kids playing
entailment	A teenage boy poses behind the netting of an enclosed playing areas while three other youths playing .	A boy poses in front of youths playing
entailment	A guy and a girls look down a mountain range .	The people look at the mountains .
entailment	A guy and a daughters look down a mountain range .	The people look at the mountains .
entailment	A guy and a girls look down a mountain range .	The people look at the mountains .
entailment	a group of people celebrate their asia culture .	A panels of people celebrate .
entailment	a group of people celebrate their asia culture .	A groups of people celebrate .
entailment	a panels of people celebrate their asia culture .	A panels of people celebrate .
entailment	A men wearing a yellow cycling jacket on a motorcycles in airways with a man watching in the background	A male rides a mopeds .
entailment	A masculine wearing a yellow cycle jacket on a motorbike in aircraft with a masculine watching in the background	A masculine rides a moped .
entailment	A males wearing a yellow motorcycle jacket on a moped in air with a masculine watching in the background	A male rides a cyclist .
entailment	Two daschunds play with a red ball	Two dogs playing together .
entailment	Two daschunds playing with a red ball	Two dogs play together .
entailment	Two daschunds playing with a red ball	Two dogs play together .
entailment	Artists installs a new exhibit in a gallery .	People put up new art at the cities local gallery .
entailment	Artists installs a newest exhibit in a gallery .	People put up newest art at the cities local gallery .
entailment	Artists install a new exhibit in a gallery .	People put up new art at the cities local gallery .
entailment	A ribbon dancer is leaping through the plane with her head back during a contest , green ribbon behind her .	a dancer performs
entailment	A ribbon dancer is leaping through the planes with her head back during a competitions , green ribbon behind her .	a dancer performs
entailment	A ribbon dancer is leaping through the aviation with her head back during a competitions , green ribbon behind her .	a dancer performs
entailment	A ribbon dancer is leaping through the airplane with her head back during a competition , green ribbon behind her .	someone dances with a ribbon
entailment	A ribbon dancer is leaping through the airplane with her head back during a competition , green ribbon behind her .	someone dancing with a ribbon
entailment	A ribbon dancer is leaping through the plane with her head back during a competitions , green ribbon behind her .	someone dance with a ribbon
entailment	The rhythmic gymnast finishing her floor drills at the competitions .	The gymnast finish her exercising .
entailment	The rhythmic gymnast complete her floor exercises at the competitions .	The gymnast finishing her exercises .
entailment	The rhythmic gymnast completes her floor exercises at the rivalry .	The gymnast complete her exercise .
entailment	Two people are riding cycle next to a building .	Two people are riding motorcycle near a building .
entailment	Two people are riding bicycles next to a building .	Two people are riding motorcycles near a building .
entailment	Two people are riding cycle next to a building .	Two people are riding motorbike near a building .
entailment	The women soccer team is getting last minute instruction from their coaches .	A female soccer team is listening to their coach .
entailment	The women soccer team is getting last minute instruction from their coaches .	A women soccer team is listening to their coaches .
entailment	The females soccer team is getting last minute instruction from their coach .	A women soccer team is listening to their coach .
entailment	A person of indeterminate sex wearing a dark hat , neutral trousers , and a red shirt walking up a rocky tilted at high elevation in the daytime .	A person is wearing a dark hat
entailment	A person of indeterminate sex wearing a dark hat , neutral underpants , and a red shirt walking up a rocky angled at high altitude in the daytime .	A persons is wearing a dark hat
entailment	A persons of indeterminate sexual wearing a dark hat , neutral breeches , and a red shirt walking up a rocky slanted at high altitude in the daytime .	A person is wearing a dark hat
entailment	A male drops something , reaching for it while a females in a beige blazer discusses an important themes .	A females is talking while a males is reaching for something .
entailment	A masculine drops something , reaching for it while a women in a beige blazer discusses an important topic .	A females is talking while a mens is reaching for something .
entailment	A male drops something , reaching for it while a females in a beige blazer discusses an major subjects .	A female is discussions while a males is reaching for something .
entailment	Asian people approximately to perform animals balloons .	people make balloons
entailment	Asian people roughly to perform animals balloons .	people make balloons
entailment	Asian people approximately to perform animal balloons .	people make balloons
entailment	Two girls in black dresses enjoying a nighttime on the city .	Two girls enjoying a night on the city .
entailment	Two girls in black dresses enjoying a night on the town .	Two daughter enjoying a nightly on the city .
entailment	Two girls in negro dresses enjoying a night on the town .	Two girls enjoying a overnight on the town .
entailment	Three child daughter and a baby are sitting in the grass on a blue blanket with baby toys scattered on it .	There are four people exterior .
entailment	Three miners girls and a baby are sitting in the grass on a blue blanket with baby toys scattered on it .	There are four people outer .
entailment	Three miner daughters and a baby are sitting in the grass on a blue blanket with baby toys scattered on it .	There are four people outer .
entailment	A boy wearing a yellow shirt , khaki undergarments , and blue and yellow footwear is hitting a tennis ball off a wall with a tennis racket .	A teens in a colorful outfit , holds a piece of athletic equipment and uses it to propel an orb against a upright surfaces .
entailment	A boy wearing a yellow shirt , khaki underpants , and blue and yellow footwear is hitting a tennis ball off a wall with a tennis racket .	A teen in a colorful outfit , holds a piece of sporting equipment and uses it to propel an orb against a upright surface .
entailment	A boy wearing a yellow shirt , khaki underpants , and blue and yellow shoe is hitting a tennis ball off a wall with a tennis racket .	A minors in a colorful outfit , holds a piece of sportsmen equipment and uses it to propel an orb against a vertical surfaces .
entailment	A boy in an all blue uniformed kicks a blue soccer ball in a grassy area .	A boy is playing in the grass .
entailment	A boy in an all blue standardized karate a blue soccer ball in a grassy areas .	A boy is play in the grass .
entailment	A boy in an all blue uniform kicks a blue soccer ball in a grassy sphere .	A boy is playing in the grass .
entailment	A man is sitting in the green chairs , conversation on the phones , and working on the laptop , and there is construction site next to his building .	A mens can is on the telephones .
entailment	A mens is sitting in the green chair , discussions on the phones , and working on the laptop , and there is construction site next to his building .	A masculine can is on the phones .
entailment	A masculine is sitting in the green chairs , talking on the telephones , and working on the laptops , and there is construction site next to his building .	A masculine can is on the telephone .
entailment	A dog and a cat are swimming in a swimming pool .	Two zoo are swimming .
entailment	A dog and a cat are swim in a swimming pool .	Two animals are swim .
entailment	A dog and a cat are swim in a swim pool .	Two animals are swimming .
entailment	Woman in dark shirt standing alone in front of a yellow vehicle .	SHe is outdoor .
entailment	Woman in dark shirt standing alone in front of a yellow vehicular .	SHe is outside .
entailment	Woman in dark shirt standing alone in front of a yellow cars .	SHe is exterior .
entailment	A grouping of woman and mens are in the water wit their garment on .	They are people in the water with apparel on .
entailment	A panel of female and males are in the water wit their garments on .	They are people in the water with clothing on .
entailment	A group of females and males are in the water wit their clothes on .	They are people in the water with apparel on .
entailment	At a table with an art camp handout on it , a youngsters females and an senior mens are painting pottery under the oversees of a blond women wearing a name labeling .	Two people are paints ceramics
entailment	At a table with an art camp manual on it , a teenagers woman and an age mens are painted ceramic under the monitoring of a blond woman wearing a name label .	Two people are paintings ceramics
entailment	At a table with an art camp aviator on it , a juveniles female and an senior masculine are painting pottery under the overseeing of a blond females wearing a name labeling .	Two people are paint ceramics
entailment	There are two people walking in the sand .	Two people walk across the beach .
entailment	There are two people walking in the sand .	Two people walk across the beach .
entailment	There are two people walking in the sand .	Two people walk across the beach .
entailment	Two guys sit on opposite sides of a odd billboard .	Two guys sit on the side of a billboard .
entailment	Two guys sit on converse sides of a strange billboard .	Two guys sit on the side of a billboard .
entailment	Two guys sit on opposite sides of a strange billboard .	Two guys sit on the side of a billboard .
entailment	A woman floats in an innertube in a large body of water .	The female is relaxed in water .
entailment	A woman floats in an innertube in a massive organs of water .	The women is relax in water .
entailment	A women floats in an innertube in a big organs of water .	The female is relaxed in water .
entailment	A boy hits a tennis ball on a courts .	A boy is hitting a ball .
entailment	A boy hits a tennis ball on a courts .	A boy is hitting a ball .
entailment	A boy hits a tennis ball on a courts .	A boy is hitting a ball .
entailment	A white greyhound dog wearing a muzzle runs around a track .	The dog is running .
entailment	A white greyhound dog wearing a muzzle runs around a track .	The dog is running .
entailment	A white greyhound dog wearing a muzzle runs around a track .	The dog is running .
entailment	A white greyhound dog wearing a muzzle runs around a track .	The dog is racing other dogs .
entailment	A white greyhound dog wearing a muzzle runs around a track .	The dog is race other dogs .
entailment	A white greyhound dog wearing a muzzle runs around a track .	The dog is race other dogs .
entailment	A masculine who wears spectacles , a blue shirt and a Chicago White Sox caps holds a miners boy who also wears a blue shirt .	A mens is wearing goggles and a baseball chap .
entailment	A mens who wears eyeglasses , a blue shirt and a Chicago White Sox caps holds a juveniles boy who also wears a blue shirt .	A males is wearing eyeglasses and a baseball caps .
entailment	A masculine who wears spectacles , a blue shirt and a Chicago White Sox chap holds a youthful boy who also wears a blue shirt .	A males is wearing eyeglasses and a baseball ceilings .
entailment	A teenager boy learned how to ride a horse	A miner sits on the animals 's back .
entailment	A underage boy learns how to ride a horse	A young sits on the zoo 's back .
entailment	A child boy learning how to ride a horse	A juveniles sits on the animals 's back .
entailment	A man wearing shorts looks at his cellphone while a females walks exterior a petite building .	There are varying people present .
entailment	A mens wearing shorts looks at his notepad while a females walks outdoor a small building .	There are numerous people present .
entailment	A males wearing shorts looks at his movable while a females walks outside a small building .	There are differing people present .
entailment	A racer wearing purple strives for the completes line .	A runner want to head for the finishing line .
entailment	A runner wearing purple strives for the completes line .	A runner want to head for the completes line .
entailment	A racer wearing purple strives for the finishing line .	A runner want to head for the completes line .
entailment	A runner wearing purple strives for the completes line .	A racer in a rivalry want to go to the completing line .
entailment	A runner wearing purple strives for the completes line .	A runner in a contest want to go to the finish line .
entailment	A racer wearing purple strives for the completing line .	A racer in a competitions want to go to the finishes line .
entailment	Shadowed motorcycle jumps over camera at sunset as shadowed photography movies .	A cycling is being filmed .
entailment	Shadowed motorbike jumps over camera at sunset as shadowed photographed movies .	A biking is being filmed .
entailment	Shadowed bike jumps over camera at sunset as shaded image film .	A bike is being filmed .
entailment	A golden retriever nurse puppies .	Puppies next to their mother
entailment	A golden retriever nurse puppies .	Puppies next to their mother
entailment	A golden retriever nurses puppies .	Puppies next to their mother
entailment	A panels of observant schoolboys are paid attention to a universities lectures .	A panel of schoolboys are listening .
entailment	A groups of detailed students are wages attention to a universities lectures .	A group of pupils are listening .
entailment	A groups of watchful student are wage attention to a college lecture .	A panels of pupils are listening .
entailment	A groups of careful student are paid attention to a college lecturing .	Some schoolchildren are attending a class .
entailment	A grouping of vigilant students are wage attention to a colleges lecture .	Some pupils are attending a class .
entailment	A panel of attentive pupils are wage attention to a colleges lectures .	Some pupils are attending a class .
entailment	A sitting males is holding a partially carved stone in front a partly paints wall .	A male is holding a stone in front of a wall .
entailment	A sitting man is holding a partly carved stone in front a partially paintings wall .	A man is holding a stone in front of a wall .
entailment	A sitting men is holding a partially carved stone in front a partly paint wall .	A masculine is holding a stone in front of a wall .
entailment	A tan-skinned mens sitting in a chairs with a handbag under his arm , discussions on a white phone .	A masculine sitting in a chairs with a handbags under his arm .
entailment	A tan-skinned male sitting in a chair with a handbag under his arm , conversations on a white telephone .	A man sitting in a chair with a knapsack under his arm .
entailment	A tan-skinned masculine sitting in a chair with a pockets under his arm , discussions on a white cellphones .	A male sitting in a chair with a satchel under his arm .
entailment	The wind propels a ship navigation on a groups of cruisers .	There are various explorer out .
entailment	The wind propels a study navigate on a group of cruisers .	There are myriad navigator out .
entailment	The wind propels a explorer examine on a grouping of cruisers .	There are different navigation out .
entailment	A men in neon green Seahawks sweatshirt leans on a railing .	A males is wearing a football sweatshirt .
entailment	A male in neon green Seahawks sweatshirt leans on a railing .	A male is wearing a football sweatshirt .
entailment	A masculine in neon green Seahawks sweatshirt leans on a railing .	A masculine is wearing a football sweatshirt .
entailment	A male in a red shirt and blue jeans is standing in front of a wall with other people 's shadows in front of him on the pavement .	A masculine stands by a wall outside .
entailment	A males in a red shirt and blue jeans is standing in front of a wall with other people 's shadows in front of him on the pavement .	A man stands by a wall outdoor .
entailment	A mens in a red shirt and blue jeans is standing in front of a wall with other people 's shadows in front of him on the sidewalk .	A male stands by a wall outside .
entailment	A male in a red shirt and blue jeans is standing in front of a wall with other people 's shadows in front of him on the pavement .	A mens stands by a wall .
entailment	A mens in a red shirt and blue jeans is standing in front of a wall with other people 's shadows in front of him on the pavement .	A man stands by a wall .
entailment	A males in a red shirt and blue jeans is standing in front of a wall with other people 's shadows in front of him on the sidewalk .	A masculine stands by a wall .
entailment	a man standing against a building , in the sunshine , as you can see the shadow of the person taking his picture	There is a men standing outer having his photos taken by another individuals with a shadow .
entailment	a masculine standing against a building , in the sunshine , as you can see the shadow of the persons taking his picture	There is a masculine standing outer having his picture taken by another persons with a shadow .
entailment	a mens standing against a building , in the sunshine , as you can see the shadow of the person taking his picture	There is a man standing outside having his pictures taken by another persons with a shadow .
entailment	Two masculine roasting marshmallows in a fire pit .	Two male standing next to each other
entailment	Two man roasting marshmallows in a fire pit .	Two men standing next to each other
entailment	Two male roasting marshmallows in a fire pit .	Two males standing next to each other
entailment	An antique woman wearing a ski hat and glasses is sitting on a blue chairs .	A human sitting .
entailment	An antique women wearing a skis hat and sunglasses is sitting on a blue chair .	A human sitting .
entailment	An senior female wearing a skis hat and sunglasses is sitting on a blue chair .	A humanity sitting .
entailment	A masculine smoke while leaning against a pillar , which has a `` missing persons '' booklets posted on it .	a guy smoke against a wall with a fliers on it
entailment	A mens smoker while leaning against a pillar , which has a `` missing individuals '' textbooks posted on it .	a guy smoked against a wall with a guidebook on it
entailment	A mens smokes while leaning against a pillar , which has a `` missing persons '' pamphlet posted on it .	a guy smokes against a wall with a flyers on it
entailment	A grouping of runners are running towards two same skyscrapers .	The runners are running towards the monumental buildings .
entailment	A group of runners are running toward two same skyscrapers .	The racers are running toward the huge buildings .
entailment	A grouping of racers are running towards two identical skyscrapers .	The racers are running toward the hefty buildings .
entailment	Children playing on a pavement with dolls and chalk .	kids play outside
entailment	Children playing on a pavement with dolls and chalk .	kids playing outside
entailment	Children playing on a sidewalk with dolls and chalk .	kids play outside
entailment	Boy wearing red hat , blue jacket pushing plow in snowy .	The boy is surrounded by snow
entailment	Boy wearing red hat , blue jacket pushing plow in snowy .	The boy is surrounded by snow
entailment	Boy wearing red hat , blue jacket pushing plow in snow .	The boy is surrounded by snow
entailment	A individuals is posed with one leg raised and one arm out at a rivalry with their teammates in the background .	A masculine posed with his teammates in the background .
entailment	A persons is posed with one leg raised and one arm out at a competitions with their teammates in the background .	A man posed with his teammates in the background .
entailment	A person is posed with one leg raised and one arm out at a contest with their teammates in the background .	A masculine posed with his teammates in the background .
entailment	A youth men in a massive brown winter coat stands in front of a blue railing with his pistols spreading .	The mens spreads his rifles while standing in front of a railing .
entailment	A adolescent males in a heavy brown winter coat stands in front of a blue railing with his shotguns spread .	The masculine spreads his weapons while standing in front of a railing .
entailment	A kids male in a huge brown winter coat stands in front of a blue railing with his handgun spreading .	The men spreads his shotgun while standing in front of a railing .
entailment	grouping of people sweep the floor and cleaning	There are people working .
entailment	panel of people sweeping the floor and cleaning	There are people working .
entailment	group of people sweep the floor and cleaning	There are people working .
entailment	Five People are kneeling between two park motor , and one man is approaching with his arm raised into the airlines .	Five mens are kneeling , while another male puts his hands into the airline .
entailment	Five People are kneeling between two park cars , and one mens is approaching with his arm raised into the air .	Five mens are kneeling , while another males puts his hands into the aviation .
entailment	Five People are kneeling between two park motors , and one males is approaching with his arm raised into the airliner .	Five male are kneeling , while another man puts his hands into the aeroplane .
entailment	Various males in wetsuits and spectacles are standing .	Men are in wetsuits
entailment	Various man in wetsuits and glasses are standing .	Men are in wetsuits
entailment	Various mens in wetsuits and spectacles are standing .	Men are in wetsuits
entailment	Various masculine in wetsuits and eyeglasses are standing .	Men are standing up
entailment	Various males in wetsuits and eyeglasses are standing .	Men are standing up
entailment	Various mens in wetsuits and sunglasses are standing .	Men are standing up
entailment	A men is sitting on a blue bench with a blue blanket covering his face .	A masculine sitting .
entailment	A men is sitting on a blue bench with a blue blanket covering his face .	A male sitting .
entailment	A masculine is sitting on a blue bench with a blue blanket covering his face .	A masculine sitting .
entailment	A juvenile daughter wearing yellow shorts and a white tank top using a cane pole to fishes at a little pond .	A girl in shorts is fishing in a pond .
entailment	A youth girls wearing yellow shorts and a white tank top using a cane poles to fishes at a petite pond .	A daughters in shorts is fishing in a pond .
entailment	A miner girl wearing yellow shorts and a white tank top using a cane poles to fish at a little pond .	A girls in shorts is fishing in a pond .
entailment	A younger mens clothed in tribal attire .	A minors men wears apparel .
entailment	A cadet males clothed in tribal dress .	A minor men wears sportswear .
entailment	A cadet males clothed in tribes attire .	A teen man wears garment .
entailment	A males in tribal frock is walking down the street while spectators are standing behind red and white barriers inscription .	A males walks down the street with other people around
entailment	A male in tribe garb is walking down the street while viewers are standing behind red and white hurdles log .	A male walks down the street with other people around
entailment	A male in tribal dress is walking down the street while spectators are standing behind red and white barrier register .	A males walks down the street with other people around
entailment	A mens wearing plumes on his head and dressed in a Native American costume , stands in front of a crowd of people on the street .	There is a masculine .
entailment	A mens wearing feathers on his head and clothed in a Native American costume , stands in front of a crowd of people on the street .	There is a mens .
entailment	A man wearing plumes on his head and dressed in a Native American costume , stands in front of a crowd of people on the street .	There is a mens .
entailment	An seniors male in a scottish shirt and blue underclothes is looking in a telescope on a sunny day .	The antique gentlemen wearing a whisky shirt and blue panties looks through the telescope .
entailment	An seniors masculine in a scotland shirt and blue trousers is searches in a telescopes on a sunny day .	The ancient gentlemen wearing a scottish shirt and blue slacks looks through the telescope .
entailment	An antique males in a whisky shirt and blue slacks is searching in a telescope on a sunny day .	The elder gentleman wearing a scotland shirt and blue undergarments looks through the telescopes .
entailment	A negro mens wearing a down jacket with his gun spread and holding a pink comb .	A masculine was wearing a jacket while holding a comb .
entailment	A negro mens wearing a down jacket with his arms spreading and holding a pink comb .	A male was wearing a jacket while holding a comb .
entailment	A negro men wearing a down jacket with his handgun spreading and holding a pink comb .	A male was wearing a jacket while holding a comb .
entailment	Two men stand on stairs with an assortment of chairs and a woven basket in the foreground .	The basket is woven .
entailment	Two men stand on stairs with an assortment of chair and a woven basket in the foreground .	The basket is woven .
entailment	Two male stand on stairs with an assortment of chair and a woven basket in the foreground .	The basket is woven .
entailment	A masculine is posing on a ski board with snow in the background .	A men is posing .
entailment	A masculine is posing on a ski board with snowy in the background .	A men is posing .
entailment	A mens is posing on a ski board with snow in the background .	A man is posing .
entailment	A teenaged negro males wearing a dark leather jacket and gloves is standing on a lighted stage , searching down .	A negro males is standing on stage .
entailment	A juvenile negro man wearing a dark leather jacket and gloves is standing on a lighted stages , searching down .	A black males is standing on stages .
entailment	A youngsters black masculine wearing a dark leather jacket and gloves is standing on a illuminated stages , search down .	A negro male is standing on stages .
entailment	A guy in boots , jeans and a blue shirt is falling off a bull by a cowboy standing on a red fences with the digit 2 and 4 on it .	A guy standed near the fence .
entailment	A guy in boots , jeans and a blue shirt is falling off a bull by a cowboy standing on a red fences with the numbers 2 and 4 on it .	A guy standed near the fences .
entailment	A guy in boots , jeans and a blue shirt is falling off a bull by a cowboy standing on a red fencing with the numbers 2 and 4 on it .	A guy standed near the fence .
entailment	A males in a blue shirt touches his head while talking to two females outdoors .	three people talk
entailment	A masculine in a blue shirt touches his head while discussions to two females outdoors .	three people talk
entailment	A man in a blue shirt touches his head while conversation to two females outdoors .	three people talk
entailment	A panel of people stares at a wall that is filled with drawings in a building .	A panel of people are searches at something
entailment	A panel of people stares at a wall that is filled with drawings in a building .	A groups of people are quest at something
entailment	A grouping of people stares at a wall that is filled with drawings in a building .	A panels of people are looking at something
entailment	A man in a brown jacket stands with his arms spread .	The masculine is upright .
entailment	A male in a brown jacket stands with his arms spreading .	The men is vertical .
entailment	A man in a brown jacket stands with his shotgun spreading .	The man is vertical .
entailment	A petite boy in a red shirt and swim trunks plays at the beach .	The boy is playing at the beach .
entailment	A little boy in a red shirt and swimming trunks plays at the beach .	The boy is playing at the beach .
entailment	A small boy in a red shirt and swimming trunks plays at the beach .	The boy is playing at the beach .
entailment	people are enjoying food at a crowded restaurant .	People are eating in this photograph .
entailment	people are enjoying food at a crowded restaurant .	People are eating in this images .
entailment	people are enjoying food at a crowded restaurant .	People are eating in this photos .
entailment	An elder balding man with spectacles wearing a pink and white shirt with a jumper vest is playing a musical instrument while looking at the sheet music .	The man is a musician
entailment	An aging balding males with spectacles wearing a pink and white shirt with a jumper vest is playing a musical instrument while searching at the sheet music .	The male is a musician
entailment	An ancient balding man with spectacles wearing a pink and white shirt with a jumper vest is playing a musical instrument while looking at the sheet music .	The men is a musician
entailment	An age balding males with goggles wearing a pink and white shirt with a jumper vest is playing a musical instrument while searches at the sheet music .	The masculine has petite hairstyle .
entailment	An seniors balding masculine with spectacles wearing a pink and white shirt with a jumper vest is play a musical instrument while searching at the sheet music .	The mens has petite hairdo .
entailment	An antique balding masculine with glasses wearing a pink and white shirt with a jumper vest is playing a musical instrument while looking at the sheet music .	The man has little hairstyle .
entailment	A small boy with blond-hair stares down at display case featuring cookies and cakes .	A boy is searches at pastries .
entailment	A petite boy with blond-hair stares down at display case featuring cookie and cakes .	A boy is quest at pastries .
entailment	A petite boy with blond-hair stares down at display cases featuring cookies and cakes .	A boy is looking at pastries .
entailment	A silhouette stands at the top of a bowling lane as the ball is roughly to impact the pins while neon illumination races overhead .	The bowler who just rolled in the bright , rowdy alleyway is hoping for a strike .
entailment	A silhouette stands at the top of a snooker lanes as the ball is roughly to impact the pins while neon lights racing overhead .	The bowler who just rolled in the bright , noisy alley is hoping for a strike .
entailment	A silhouette stands at the top of a bowling lane as the ball is approximately to impact the pins while neon lighting race overhead .	The bowler who just rolled in the bright , noisy alley is hoping for a strike .
entailment	A silhouette stands at the top of a bowling lanes as the ball is approximately to impact the pins while neon lighting races overhead .	Someone is in a bowling alleyway .
entailment	A silhouette stands at the top of a billiard lane as the ball is about to impact the pins while neon lights racing overhead .	Someone is in a bowling alleyway .
entailment	A silhouette stands at the top of a snooker lane as the ball is approximately to impact the pins while neon illumination errand overhead .	Someone is in a billiard alley .
entailment	Two people cooking a meal together in a household kitchen .	Two people cooking together .
entailment	Two people cooks a meal together in a household kitchen .	Two people cooks together .
entailment	Two people cook a meal together in a household kitchen .	Two people cooks together .
entailment	A male jumping a dirt ramp on a bmx cycle .	A men does a jump ploy on his bikes .
entailment	A man jumping a dirt ramp on a bmx cycling .	A masculine does a leap trick on his motorbike .
entailment	A men jumping a filth ramp on a bmx bike .	A males does a jump ploy on his mopeds .
entailment	A males jumping a dirt ramp on a bmx moped .	A men jumps his moped .
entailment	A masculine jumping a filth ramp on a bmx cycle .	A man jumps his bikes .
entailment	A masculine jumping a dirt ramp on a bmx cyclist .	A male jumps his moped .
entailment	Women wearing a negro top and goggles speaking into a blue tipped mics with another female beside her write .	One female speaking into a microphone while a second female writes beside her .
entailment	Women wearing a negro top and eyeglasses speaking into a blue tipped microphone with another woman beside her writing .	One women speaking into a mics while a seconds woman writes beside her .
entailment	Women wearing a black top and glasses speaking into a blue tipped mics with another woman beside her writing .	One woman speaking into a mics while a second female writes beside her .
entailment	A men wearing a red vest is walking past a negro and green fence .	A male is wearing a vest .
entailment	A masculine wearing a red vest is walking past a black and green fence .	A man is wearing a vest .
entailment	A men wearing a red vest is walking past a negro and green fences .	A male is wearing a vest .
entailment	A person in a ken-do outfit is standing there wait .	A mankind standing .
entailment	A person in a ken-do outfit is standing there waiting .	A human standing .
entailment	A person in a ken-do outfit is standing there waiting .	A humanity standing .
entailment	a women with brown hairdo sitting on a bench outer a cafe .	Brunette female sitting exterior a cafe .
entailment	a females with brown hairstyle sitting on a bench outdoor a cafe .	Brunette female sitting outdoor a cafe .
entailment	a woman with brown hair sitting on a bench outboard a cafe .	Brunette female sitting exterior a cafe .
entailment	A male in reflective glasses , a skull T-shirt , and lengthy red shorts sits out of the sun in a folding chair .	The male is protection his eyes with goggles .
entailment	A males in reflective sunglasses , a skull T-shirt , and long red shorts sits out of the sun in a folding chair .	The males is protected his eyes with sunglasses .
entailment	A males in reflective goggles , a skull T-shirt , and long red shorts sits out of the sun in a folding chairs .	The male is protect his eyes with spectacles .
entailment	teenaged are sitting in chairs with a music stand in the background .	There is a panels of people sitting .
entailment	child are sitting in chair with a music stand in the background .	There is a group of people sitting .
entailment	minors are sitting in chair with a music stand in the background .	There is a panels of people sitting .
entailment	A black and white fowl with a yellow beak is flying .	Flying black and white bird
entailment	A black and white fowl with a yellow beak is flying .	Flying negro and white bird
entailment	A black and white bird with a yellow beak is flying .	Flying negro and white bird
entailment	A grouping of man play music , the males holding a guitar is conversation to a males with drumming .	A bands is playing music .
entailment	A group of masculine playing music , the man holding a guitar is conversations to a male with drums .	A band is play music .
entailment	A panels of male playing music , the mens holding a guitar is conversations to a masculine with drumming .	A band is playing music .
entailment	These girls are having a great deadline searching for seashells .	The girl are happy .
entailment	These girls are having a great schedule searching for seashells .	The girl are happy .
entailment	These girl are having a great timing searching for seashells .	The girl are happy .
entailment	A cemented worker is working on a newer pavement outside of a sportswear store .	A cemented worker is working on a newer pavement .
entailment	A cemented worker is working on a newer sidewalk outside of a garment boutique .	A cement worker is working on a newer pavement .
entailment	A cemented worker is working on a newer pavement outer of a garment store .	A cement worker is working on a newer pavement .
entailment	males in blue shirt sitting on the side of the routes with a wheelbarrow of vegetables	A men sitting next to a wheelbarrow full of produce .
entailment	men in blue shirt sitting on the side of the routes with a wheelbarrow of vegetables	A masculine sitting next to a wheelbarrow full of produce .
entailment	mens in blue shirt sitting on the side of the road with a wheelbarrow of vegetables	A masculine sitting next to a wheelbarrow full of produce .
entailment	A red dog jumps and catches a tennis ball in its mouth .	a dog catching a ball
entailment	A red dog jumps and catches a tennis ball in its mouth .	a dog catching a ball
entailment	A red dog jumps and catches a tennis ball in its mouth .	a dog catching a ball
entailment	Older mens sitting in front of a cafe looking out at the street .	Older males sitting at a cafe
entailment	Older masculine sitting in front of a cafe quest out at the street .	Older males sitting at a cafe
entailment	Older males sitting in front of a cafe quest out at the street .	Older man sitting at a cafe
entailment	A gas station and a vehicle on fire .	Two items on fire .
entailment	A gas station and a cars on fire .	Two item on fire .
entailment	A gas station and a automobile on fire .	Two items on fire .
entailment	Artist on street corner selling his artwork .	Someone is sold painted .
entailment	Artist on street nook sale his artwork .	Someone is sale paints .
entailment	Artist on street nook sold his artwork .	Someone is sell paintings .
entailment	Artist on street cornering sell his artwork .	Someone is sale artwork .
entailment	Artist on street corner sell his artwork .	Someone is sells artwork .
entailment	Artist on street corner sale his artwork .	Someone is sold artwork .
entailment	These girl are having a great hourly searching for seashells .	The girl are exterior .
entailment	These daughters are having a great calendar looking for seashells .	The daughter are outboard .
entailment	These girl are having a great schedule searching for seashells .	The daughters are exterior .
entailment	This is a very enormous vegetable stand under a white tent .	Vegetables are being sold under a white tent .
entailment	This is a very heavy vegetable stand under a white tent .	Vegetables are being sold under a white tent .
entailment	This is a very big vegetable stand under a white tent .	Vegetables are being selling under a white tent .
entailment	Three juveniles and adults in the background , all pretend to slept .	The people are pretending to sleeping .
entailment	Three miners and adult in the background , all pretend to sleep .	The people are pretending to slept .
entailment	Three miner and grownups in the background , all pretend to sleeping .	The people are pretending to slept .
entailment	A crowd gathered around a teen male who is performing .	They are at a performance .
entailment	A crowd gathered around a youngsters male who is performing .	They are at a performance .
entailment	A crowd gathered around a teenagers males who is performing .	They are at a performance .
entailment	Two people are running in the grass by a hill .	The people are running outboard .
entailment	Two people are running in the grass by a hill .	The people are running outboard .
entailment	Two people are running in the grass by a hill .	The people are running outdoor .
entailment	A male is playing the saxophone in the street and some people are sitting on the curb next to the street by him .	A male is play an instrument on the street near other people .
entailment	A males is playing the saxophone in the street and some people are sitting on the curb next to the street by him .	A male is play an instrument on the street near other people .
entailment	A male is play the saxophone in the street and some people are sitting on the curb next to the street by him .	A men is playing an instrument on the street near other people .
entailment	A woman wearing a tank top and black pants is laying on the ground while quest at a book .	A females is search at a book .
entailment	A women wearing a tank top and black pants is laying on the ground while quest at a book .	A woman is looking at a book .
entailment	A woman wearing a tank top and negro underpants is laying on the ground while search at a book .	A female is looking at a book .
entailment	An elders man is speaking to a boy while both are sitting .	Older mens talking
entailment	An outdated males is speaking to a boy while both are sitting .	Older masculine talking
entailment	An antiquated male is speaking to a boy while both are sitting .	Older man talking
entailment	a female in jeans and a females in shorts are petting a baby kangaroo .	Two women are petting a animal .
entailment	a woman in jeans and a woman in shorts are petting a baby kangaroo .	Two woman are petting a zoo .
entailment	a woman in jeans and a women in shorts are petting a baby kangaroo .	Two females are petting a animal .
entailment	People enjoying food outboard of a restaurant .	People eating stuff outdoors .
entailment	People enjoying food outboard of a restaurant .	People eating stuff outdoors .
entailment	People enjoying food outboard of a restaurant .	People eating stuff outdoors .
entailment	A black man wearing tan shorts , a yellow sweatshirt , and a baseball caps is holding up his hand and conversations to an Asian woman posing with another juveniles negro men while they are holding red flags with yellow stars .	a male in shorts
entailment	A black male wearing tan shorts , a yellow sweatshirt , and a baseball ceilings is holding up his hand and discussions to an Asian females posing with another kid negro male while they are holding red flags with yellow stars .	a males in shorts
entailment	A negro male wearing tan shorts , a yellow sweatshirt , and a baseball chap is holding up his hand and talking to an Asian females posing with another young black male while they are holding red flags with yellow stars .	a masculine in shorts
entailment	A masculine a female posing for a images .	Two people are posing for a portrait .
entailment	A man a woman posing for a pictures .	Two people are posing for a portrait .
entailment	A mens a women posing for a photographed .	Two people are posing for a portrait .
entailment	An extreme mountain motorcyclist in mid-jump from underneath rider showing a blue skies .	An extreme motorcyclist in mid-jump from underneath rider showing a blue skies .
entailment	An extreme mountain biker in mid-jump from underneath rider showing a blue skies .	An extreme biker in mid-jump from underneath rider showing a blue skies .
entailment	An extreme mountain biker in mid-jump from underneath rider showing a blue sky .	An extreme biker in mid-jump from underneath rider showing a blue skies .
entailment	A mens wearing and Army shirt is on the ground in a push-up position , while a man in uniform squats beside him .	There is a shirt .
entailment	A masculine wearing and Army shirt is on the ground in a push-up position , while a men in uniforms squats beside him .	There is a shirt .
entailment	A masculine wearing and Army shirt is on the ground in a push-up position , while a mens in uniforms squats beside him .	There is a shirt .
entailment	The backs of a females and her dog as they walk away from the camera with the dog on a red leash and her in a green tank top .	A dog on a red leash walking away .
entailment	The backs of a women and her dog as they walk away from the camera with the dog on a red leash and her in a green tank top .	A dog on a red leash walking away .
entailment	The backs of a woman and her dog as they walk away from the camera with the dog on a red leash and her in a green tank top .	A dog on a red leash walking away .
entailment	A standing man talks to a seated woman while on some sort of vehicles .	Two people are conversation .
entailment	A standing man talks to a seated woman while on some sorted of automobile .	Two people are conversation .
entailment	A standing male talks to a seated female while on some sorts of motors .	Two people are talking .
entailment	A masculine riding his motorbikes wearing his helmet in front of an audience .	A males is riding his bike
entailment	A man riding his cyclist wearing his helmet in front of an audience .	A man is riding his bike
entailment	A mens riding his bike wearing his helmet in front of an audience .	A men is riding his bike
entailment	A masculine with a scotland shirt stands with his hand on hip at an opening of a huge trees .	a men at the openings of a big tree
entailment	A masculine with a whisky shirt stands with his hand on hip at an opens of a big trees .	a mens at the openings of a huge tree
entailment	A males with a bourbon shirt stands with his hand on hip at an open of a large tree .	a mens at the opens of a hefty tree
entailment	An orange on the floor next to a dog .	There 's a dog and an orange on the floor .
entailment	An orange on the floor next to a dog .	There 's a dog and an orange on the floor .
entailment	An orange on the floor next to a dog .	There 's a dog and an orange on the floor .
entailment	A motorcycle in a red and white uniformed is cyclist across a garage full of people .	There is a mens riding a bicycle .
entailment	A bicycling in a red and white uniforms is mopeds across a garage full of people .	There is a man riding a cycling .
entailment	A cyclist in a red and white standardized is cycling across a garage full of people .	There is a man riding a bikes .
entailment	A golfing shoots his ball out of a sand trapping .	The game of golfer being played .
entailment	A golf shoots his ball out of a sand trapping .	The games of golfer being played .
entailment	A golf shoots his ball out of a sand trapping .	The games of golfing being played .
entailment	A adolescents daughters in glasses observes something in the distance .	A persons is search at something from afar .
entailment	A youngsters daughters in glasses observes something in the distance .	A persons is searching at something from afar .
entailment	A miner girl in spectacles observes something in the distance .	A individuals is search at something from afar .
entailment	A group of mountain climbers rests at the summit .	A groups of climbers takes a break .
entailment	A panel of mountain climbers rests at the summit .	A grouping of climbers takes a break .
entailment	A panels of mountain hikers rests at the summit .	A group of climbers takes a break .
entailment	A boy wearing jeans , standing on rocks in a river and throwing a stone .	A boy throwing a stone .
entailment	A boy wearing jeans , standing on rocks in a river and throwing a stone .	A boy throwing a stone .
entailment	A boy wearing jeans , standing on rocks in a river and throwing a stone .	A boy throwing a stone .
entailment	A men in frock undergarments and a blue dress shirt is walking in the shadows of nature .	a men walking around in nature
entailment	A man in dress undergarments and a blue garb shirt is walking in the shadows of nature .	a mens walking around in nature
entailment	A male in garb breeches and a blue dress shirt is walking in the shadows of nature .	a men walking around in nature
entailment	A females holds a journals that says `` Real modifications '' .	a females on a street holding a journal that says `` real adjustments ''
entailment	A female holds a journal that says `` Real shift '' .	a woman on a street holding a journal that says `` real change ''
entailment	A female holds a newspapers that says `` Real altering '' .	a female on a street holding a newspaper that says `` real shifts ''
entailment	A female holds a journals that says `` Real shifts '' .	a woman holding a journal that says `` actual modifications ''
entailment	A female holds a journal that says `` Real shift '' .	a female holding a newspaper that says `` real changed ''
entailment	A women holds a journals that says `` Real change '' .	a woman holding a newspaper that says `` real adjustments ''
entailment	Male in a blue jacket decides to lay in the grass .	The guy wearing a blue jacket is laying on the green grass
entailment	Male in a blue jacket decides to lay in the grass .	The guy wearing a blue jacket is laying on the green grass
entailment	Male in a blue jacket decides to lay in the grass .	The guy wearing a blue jacket is laying on the green grass
entailment	Four man with baseball caps and logo t-shirts laughing together at a table .	Males are socializing with each other while wearing occasional sportswear .
entailment	Four males with baseball ceiling and logo t-shirts laughing together at a table .	Males are socializing with each other while wearing casual clothes .
entailment	Four males with baseball cap and logo t-shirts laughing together at a tables .	Males are socializing with each other while wearing occasional garment .
entailment	A lonely individuals stands on a heavily-eroded cliff-side rock while holding a bare branch aloft .	A solitaire persons stands on a heavily-eroded jumbo cliff-side rock
entailment	A lonesome individuals stands on a heavily-eroded cliff-side rock while holding a nude branch aloft .	A lonesome persons stands on a heavily-eroded huge cliff-side rock
entailment	A unique individuals stands on a heavily-eroded cliff-side rock while holding a naked branch aloft .	A lonesome person stands on a heavily-eroded mammoth cliff-side rock
entailment	A lonesome individuals stands on a heavily-eroded cliff-side rock while holding a nude branch aloft .	A hermit individuals stands on a heavily-eroded cliff-side rock
entailment	A single persons stands on a heavily-eroded cliff-side rock while holding a hairless branch aloft .	A solitaire person stands on a heavily-eroded cliff-side rock
entailment	A hermit person stands on a heavily-eroded cliff-side rock while holding a bare branch aloft .	A lone person stands on a heavily-eroded cliff-side rock
entailment	A males in a scotland shirt is walking on a street where there are advertisement in Chinese .	He is outer .
entailment	A males in a whiskey shirt is walking on a street where there are announcing in Chinese .	He is outer .
entailment	A men in a whisky shirt is walking on a street where there are advertises in Chinese .	He is outdoor .
entailment	Two people walking outdoor in the woods in the winter schedules wearing jerseys with hoods on them .	Two people are going for a stroll in the timber .
entailment	Two people walking exterior in the wood in the winter period wearing blazers with hoods on them .	Two people are going for a stroll in the wooden .
entailment	Two people walking exterior in the wooden in the winter schedule wearing jerseys with hoods on them .	Two people are going for a stroll in the timber .
entailment	A boy in a yellow t-shirt and pink jumper talks on a movable while riding a horse through a crowd of people who are looking on .	A boy has a yellow t-shirt and pink jumper .
entailment	A boy in a yellow t-shirt and pink sweater talks on a portable while riding a horse through a crowd of people who are searching on .	A boy has a yellow t-shirt and pink jumper .
entailment	A boy in a yellow t-shirt and pink jumper talks on a laptop while riding a equestrian through a crowd of people who are quest on .	A boy has a yellow t-shirt and pink sweater .
entailment	A boy in a yellow t-shirt and pink sweater talks on a mobile while riding a equestrian through a crowd of people who are searching on .	A person in a shirt
entailment	A boy in a yellow t-shirt and pink jumper talks on a notepad while riding a equestrian through a crowd of people who are searching on .	A individuals in a shirt
entailment	A boy in a yellow t-shirt and pink sweater talks on a cellular while riding a equestrian through a crowd of people who are search on .	A persons in a shirt
entailment	A miner boy with close-cropped hairdo , wearing a red robe , is holding a negro kettle as someone is approximately to pour something in it .	a little boy is holding a kettle that volition soon be filled
entailment	A teen boy with close-cropped hairstyle , wearing a red gown , is holding a negro kettle as someone is about to pour something in it .	a petite boy is holding a kettle that will soon be filled
entailment	A young boy with close-cropped hair , wearing a red robe , is holding a negro kettle as someone is about to pour something in it .	a little boy is holding a kettle that will soon be filled
entailment	A man wearing red ski underpants , a black jacket , and a white helmet is snowboarding down a mountain .	The masculine is outdoors .
entailment	A man wearing red ski underpants , a negro jacket , and a white helmet is skiing down a mountain .	The men is outdoors .
entailment	A mens wearing red skis slacks , a negro jacket , and a white helmet is skiing down a mountain .	The mens is outdoors .
entailment	A man is pushing myriad cartons of bread down the street .	A person has food exterior .
entailment	A masculine is pushing assorted cartons of bread down the street .	A person has food outer .
entailment	A mens is pushing different cartons of bread down the street .	A persons has food outboard .
entailment	A children females is ordering from a red food truck .	A minors lady is orders food .
entailment	A underage female is ordering from a red food truck .	A young dame is ordering food .
entailment	A teens females is orders from a red food truck .	A teenagers lady is ordering food .
entailment	A minor women is ordering from a red food truck .	A youth dame is orders from a food truck .
entailment	A young female is ordering from a red food truck .	A youth lady is orders from a food truck .
entailment	A youngsters women is order from a red food truck .	A juveniles dame is ordering from a food truck .
entailment	A female carrying a pail of flowers .	A bucket of flowering is carried by a woman .
entailment	A females carry a bucket of flowers .	A bucket of flower is carried by a women .
entailment	A woman carrying a bucket of flowering .	A bucket of flower is carried by a woman .
entailment	A male is laying down interior a black , non-working examining .	The masculine is outside on a vessels .
entailment	A man is laying down inland a negro , non-working examines .	The male is outside on a probing .
entailment	A masculine is laying down interior a black , non-working ship .	The males is outboard on a browsing .
entailment	Three teens perform a skit roughly campsite .	Three adolescents performed a campground skit .
entailment	Three miner perform a skit about campsite .	Three children performed a campground skit .
entailment	Three children perform a skit approximately camping .	Three youngsters performed a camping skit .
entailment	The little miners is sitting in a red playground swing .	The youth is in a playground .
entailment	The small teenaged is sitting in a red playground swing .	The teenage is in a playground .
entailment	The petite minors is sitting in a red playground swing .	The minor is in a playground .
entailment	Four people and a baby are crossed the street at a crosswalk .	People and a baby crossed the street .
entailment	Four people and a baby are crossing the street at a crosswalk .	People and a baby crossing the street .
entailment	Four people and a baby are crossing the street at a crosswalk .	People and a baby cross the street .
entailment	A bunch of people are standing all together in a street with a building in the background .	A groups of people are standing .
entailment	A bunch of people are standing all together in a street with a building in the background .	A panel of people are standing .
entailment	A bunch of people are standing all together in a street with a building in the background .	A groups of people are standing .
entailment	An accident involving a green Sudan and a grey van .	Two motors were in an accidents .
entailment	An accident involving a green Sudan and a gray van .	Two vehicles were in an accident .
entailment	An accident involving a green Sudan and a gray van .	Two motor were in an accidents .
entailment	Women are sitting around a table at a restaurant chatting .	Women are chatting in a restaurant .
entailment	Women are sitting around a tables at a restaurant chatting .	Women are chatting in a restaurant .
entailment	Women are sitting around a table at a restaurant chatting .	Women are chatting in a restaurant .
entailment	A young daughter standing in front of a row of yellow chairs .	A humanity standing .
entailment	A kid daughter standing in front of a row of yellow chairs .	A human standing .
entailment	A miners girl standing in front of a row of yellow chair .	A human standing .
entailment	Two males cooks , one stirring a pot while making a funny face while the other dots at him .	Friends are preparing a meal .
entailment	Two mens cooking , one stirring a pot while making a funny face while the other points at him .	Friends are preparing a meal .
entailment	Two man cook , one stirring a pot while making a funny face while the other dotted at him .	Friends are preparing a meal .
entailment	A man and a women are lurks together on a grassy park field near a waterfront .	Two people are lies outer .
entailment	A men and a women are lurks together on a grassy park field near a waterfront .	Two people are lie outboard .
entailment	A men and a females are lie together on a grassy park field near a waterfront .	Two people are lie exterior .
entailment	A men pulling items on a cart .	A masculine is moving item in a cart .
entailment	A masculine pulling item on a cart .	A men is moving items in a cart .
entailment	A male pulling item on a cart .	A masculine is moving items in a cart .
entailment	Two woman wearing dresses are standing outdoor on the grass while one of them is holding a cup and dish .	Two people are standing on the grass .
entailment	Two females wearing dresses are standing outer on the grass while one of them is holding a cup and dish .	Two people are standing on the grass .
entailment	Two women wearing dresses are standing exterior on the grass while one of them is holding a cup and dish .	Two people are standing on the grass .
entailment	Two girls are playing in the snowy and throwing snowballs .	Two daughter are somewhere icy .
entailment	Two girls are play in the snowy and throwing snowballs .	Two girls are somewhere frigid .
entailment	Two daughters are playing in the snow and throwing snowballs .	Two daughter are somewhere colder .
entailment	A males is painted letters using a stencil onto a round stand-up sign that is lie sideways .	A man uses paint to stencil words on a circular sign laying horizontal yet made to be erected .
entailment	A male is paints letters using a stencil onto a round stand-up sign that is lying sideways .	A masculine uses paintings to stencil words on a circular sign laying horizontal yet made to be erected .
entailment	A males is paintings letters using a stencil onto a round stand-up sign that is lies sideways .	A man uses paint to stencil words on a circular sign laying horizontal yet made to be erected .
entailment	One man on the left with negro hairstyle , wearing spectacles , and another mens on the rights with slightly graying black hairdo , without spectacles but clasping his hands together , are laugh .	the people are laughing
entailment	One men on the left with negro hair , wearing spectacles , and another men on the right with slightly graying black hairstyle , without goggles but clasping his hands together , are laugh .	the people are laughing
entailment	One masculine on the left with black hair , wearing eyeglasses , and another males on the rights with slightly graying negro hair , without sunglasses but clasping his hands together , are laugh .	the people are laughing
entailment	A woman in the mid of a motors is holding a camera and is pointing it toward the backseat .	A daughter is inside a vehicles .
entailment	A female in the media of a motor is holding a camera and is pointing it toward the backseat .	A daughters is interior a car .
entailment	A females in the media of a motor is holding a camera and is pointing it toward the backseat .	A daughter is inner a vehicles .
entailment	A masculine with a light blue t-shirt exterior in the openings wearing red ear protecting while firing a guns .	A male is shooting a gun .
entailment	A masculine with a light blue t-shirt outside in the opening wearing red ear defensive while firing a armed .	A masculine is shooting a gunpoint .
entailment	A men with a light blue t-shirt exterior in the opens wearing red ear protect while firing a weapons .	A man is shooting a shotgun .
entailment	a males with beard sitting down play an audible guitar .	A musician plays on his instrument .
entailment	a man with beard sitting down play an audible guitar .	A musician plays on his instrument .
entailment	a male with beard sitting down playing an acoustics guitar .	A musician plays on his instrument .
entailment	The man in the dark maroon shirt is kicking something .	the guy kicked something
entailment	The man in the dark maroon shirt is kicking something .	the guy kicked something
entailment	The male in the dark maroon shirt is kicking something .	the guy kicked something
entailment	Person with umbrella observes flooded streets with autos in the water .	A person is outside .
entailment	Person with umbrella observes flooded streets with auto in the water .	A person is outdoor .
entailment	Person with umbrella observes flooded streets with auto in the water .	A individuals is outside .
entailment	Person with umbrella observes flooded streets with auto in the water .	A person is standing outer in the rain search at flooding damage .
entailment	Person with umbrella observes flooded streets with vehicular in the water .	A person is standing outer in the rain quest at flood damage .
entailment	Person with umbrella observes flooded streets with autos in the water .	A individuals is standing outside in the rain searches at flood damage .
entailment	The teenager men is trying to balancing on the train tracks .	A teenaged mens is trying to balancing .
entailment	The kid man is trying to balance on the train tracks .	A kids males is trying to balance .
entailment	The teenager male is trying to balance on the train tracks .	A underage men is trying to balances .
entailment	A males wearing no shirt is lifting a shovel by a wheelbarrow as he works outdoor .	A topless males is working outside .
entailment	A mens wearing no shirt is hoisting a shovel by a wheelbarrow as he works outer .	A topless men is working outer .
entailment	A men wearing no shirt is hoisting a shovel by a wheelbarrow as he works outer .	A topless man is working outside .
entailment	A little girl listens to a cellphone .	There is a small girls .
entailment	A little girls listens to a movable .	There is a little daughters .
entailment	A petite girls listens to a mobile .	There is a little girls .
entailment	A female in bridal wear embraces an individual .	The bride hugs the other person .
entailment	A women in bridal wear embraces an individual .	The bride hugs the other persons .
entailment	A female in bridal wear embraces an individual .	The bride hugs the other individuals .
entailment	Two male on stilts and a women twirling a ribbon , lead a festive parade along the streets , while a woman looks on from her window .	Three people are leading a parade .
entailment	Two males on stilts and a females twirling a ribbon , lead a festive parade along the streets , while a woman looks on from her window .	Three people are leading a parade .
entailment	Two masculine on stilts and a women twirling a ribbon , lead a festive parade along the streets , while a female looks on from her window .	Three people are leading a parade .
entailment	A cowboy is showing off his mule next to a horse hauling trailer .	A male is showing off his prizes win mule .
entailment	A cowboy is showing off his mule next to a equestrian hauling trailer .	A mens is showing off his prize won mule .
entailment	A cowboy is showing off his mule next to a equestrian hauling trailer .	A males is showing off his prizes wins mule .
entailment	Four male in safety gear , one holding a camera , are standing on a platform .	The man are working
entailment	Four masculine in safety gear , one holding a camera , are standing on a platform .	The men are working
entailment	Four men in safety gear , one holding a camera , are standing on a platform .	The man are working
entailment	A little teen wearing a helmet is in a baby carrier that is on the floor .	A young is in a baby carrier .
entailment	A little youth wearing a helmet is in a baby carriers that is on the floor .	A minors is in a baby carriers .
entailment	A petite juveniles wearing a helmet is in a baby carriers that is on the floor .	A juveniles is in a baby carrier .
entailment	two teenage boys in school clothes are walking with something in a garbage handbag .	Two boys are walking together carrying a sac .
entailment	two adolescence boys in school clothing are walking with something in a garbage purse .	Two boys are walking together carry a handbag .
entailment	two kid boys in school garment are walking with something in a garbage purses .	Two boys are walking together carry a knapsack .
entailment	A persons in an orange shirt reaching up .	A person is reaching up .
entailment	A individuals in an orange shirt reaching up .	A person is reaching up .
entailment	A persons in an orange shirt reaching up .	A person is reaching up .
entailment	A woman leans over a small fencing to take a photographic of a yellow flowers .	A women is taking pictures
entailment	A female leans over a small fencing to take a photography of a yellow flowers .	A female is taking pictures
entailment	A females leans over a little fence to take a photography of a yellow flowers .	A females is taking pictures
entailment	A adolescents couple riding on a bus with the boy 's arm around the daughters .	The couple are on a bus .
entailment	A youth couple riding on a bus with the boy 's arm around the girl .	The couple are on a bus .
entailment	A youths couple riding on a bus with the boy 's arm around the girl .	The couple are on a bus .
entailment	A women in a green flowered garb is holding a container of yarn animal .	A dame in a dress has a container of yarn toys .
entailment	A woman in a green flowered attire is holding a container of yarn animals .	A dame in a garb has a container of yarn toys .
entailment	A woman in a green flowered dress is holding a container of yarn zoo .	A dame in a dress has a container of yarn toys .
entailment	Several people wearing green shirts walk on the beach together .	People are walking on the beach .
entailment	Several people wearing green shirts walk on the beach together .	People are walking on the beach .
entailment	Several people wearing green shirts walk on the beach together .	People are walking on the beach .
entailment	A panels of four child pose on a muddy beach , smiling and making confronts .	Four kid pose on a beach .
entailment	A panels of four underage pose on a muddy beach , smiling and making faces .	Four youth pose on a beach .
entailment	A panel of four youths pose on a muddy beach , smiling and making confronts .	Four teenagers pose on a beach .
entailment	A monumental crowd is standing around the launched line .	A batch of people are in a race
entailment	A overwhelming crowd is standing around the starting line .	A lot of people are in a race
entailment	A huge crowd is standing around the commencement line .	A batch of people are in a race
entailment	A male attired in blue places mop indoor a green bucket as he stands on a roof that ignoring a city .	A male is holding a mop on a roof .
entailment	A males clothed in blue places mop internal a green pail as he stands on a roof that overlooks a town .	A men is holding a mop on a roof .
entailment	A mens dressed in blue places mop inside a green bucket as he stands on a roof that overlooks a city .	A mens is holding a mop on a roof .
entailment	The petite boy stands in the media of birds who have gathered on the sidewalk .	There are a lot of birds outer by the pavement .
entailment	The little boy stands in the mid of birds who have gathered on the sidewalk .	There are a lot of birds exterior by the pavement .
entailment	The small boy stands in the medium of birds who have gathered on the pavement .	There are a batch of birds exterior by the sidewalk .
entailment	The petite boy stands in the mid of birds who have gathered on the sidewalk .	There is a little boy standing on the pavement .
entailment	The small boy stands in the middle of birds who have gathered on the pavement .	There is a petite boy standing on the pavement .
entailment	The little boy stands in the medium of birds who have gathered on the pavement .	There is a little boy standing on the sidewalk .
entailment	Four youngsters woman gymnasts attired in negro and blue leotards are preparing for their next ordinary .	Gymnast group preparing for a contest .
entailment	Four teen woman gymnasts attired in negro and blue leotards are preparing for their next routine .	Gymnast panel preparing for a competitions .
entailment	Four miner female gymnasts attired in black and blue leotards are preparing for their next normal .	Gymnast grouping preparing for a competitions .
entailment	Four young woman gymnasts dressed in negro and blue leotards are preparing for their next routine .	Gymnasts wearing match leotards practising .
entailment	Four teenaged female gymnasts attired in black and blue leotards are preparing for their next routine .	Gymnasts wearing matches leotards practice .
entailment	Four minors female gymnasts dressed in black and blue leotards are preparing for their next routine .	Gymnasts wearing match leotards practice .
entailment	An Asian women attired in a colorful outfit laughing .	A female is wearing colorful apparel .
entailment	An Asian females clothed in a colorful outfit laugh .	A women is wearing colorful clothing .
entailment	An Asian woman clothed in a colorful outfit laughing .	A female is wearing colorful garment .
entailment	An Asian women attired in a colorful outfit laughing .	The females is not laughing .
entailment	An Asian female clothed in a colorful outfit laugh .	The woman is not laughing .
entailment	An Asian female attired in a colorful outfit laughing .	The females is not laugh .
entailment	two people riding their cycle down a street together .	Folks riding cycle .
entailment	two people riding their bikes down a street together .	Folks riding bicycles .
entailment	two people riding their bike down a street together .	Folks riding bike .
entailment	Two males and two women in blazers walk down a gigantic city street .	There are people outer .
entailment	Two man and two female in jerseys walk down a immense town street .	There are people outdoor .
entailment	Two men and two women in blazers walk down a gigantic town street .	There are people exterior .
entailment	A men in a army uniforms is holding a images with tree in it .	There is one mens in the photography .
entailment	A male in a army uniformed is holding a photographing with trees in it .	There is one males in the image .
entailment	A male in a army uniformed is holding a images with tree in it .	There is one males in the pictures .
entailment	Group of people including a males and a women play instruments on a double-decker red Planet Hollywood sightseeing bus .	A group of people including a mens and a woman are playing instruments on a double-decker red Planet Hollywood sightseeing bus .
entailment	Group of people including a males and a women playing instruments on a double-decker red Planet Hollywood sightseeing bus .	A groups of people including a man and a women are playing instruments on a double-decker red Planet Hollywood tourist bus .
entailment	Group of people including a masculine and a female play instruments on a double-decker red Planet Hollywood sightseeing bus .	A panel of people including a mens and a female are play instruments on a double-decker red Planet Hollywood tourist bus .
entailment	Group of people including a men and a females play instruments on a double-decker red Planet Hollywood tourist bus .	A groups of people on a bus are tourist .
entailment	Group of people including a man and a women play instruments on a double-decker red Planet Hollywood tourist bus .	A panel of people on a bus are sightseeing .
entailment	Group of people including a males and a woman playing instruments on a double-decker red Planet Hollywood tourist bus .	A panel of people on a bus are tourist .
entailment	A red Planet Hollywood bus carries numerous people including a mens in an orange shirt and baseball chaps , one woman wearing a purple shirt and another in a red shirt with her back to the camera .	There is a bus carrying a batch of people on it .
entailment	A red Planet Hollywood bus carries varying people including a men in an orange shirt and baseball cap , one woman wearing a purple shirt and another in a red shirt with her back to the camera .	There is a bus carrying a lot of people on it .
entailment	A red Planet Hollywood bus carries different people including a mens in an orange shirt and baseball caps , one female wearing a purple shirt and another in a red shirt with her back to the camera .	There is a bus carry a batch of people on it .
entailment	Several men at a bar watch a sportsmen games on the tv .	Some male are watching TV at a bar .
entailment	Several man at a bar watch a athletes game on the tvs .	Some mens are watching TV at a bar .
entailment	Several males at a bar watch a athletic game on the tvs .	Some males are watching TV at a bar .
entailment	A individuals in a black and green outfit is riding a bicycling .	a colorfully clothed teenage rides a bike
entailment	A individuals in a black and green outfit is riding a bike .	a colorfully attired youths rides a bike
entailment	A persons in a negro and green outfit is riding a cycling .	a colorfully attired youths rides a bike
entailment	Families with strollers wait in front of a carousel .	Some people are outside
entailment	Families with strollers wait in front of a carousel .	Some people are outside
entailment	Families with strollers wait in front of a carousel .	Some people are outside
entailment	Two youths in blue wetsuits surf .	Two minor surfing in the naval .
entailment	Two smaller in blue wetsuits surfing .	Two teen surfer in the nautical .
entailment	Two youth in blue wetsuits surf .	Two adolescent surfer in the ocean .
entailment	Two miners in blue wetsuits surfing .	Two adolescent surf .
entailment	Two teens in blue wetsuits surf .	Two youngsters surfer .
entailment	Two youthful in blue wetsuits surf .	Two minor surfer .
entailment	There is a line of several trucks with advertisement on the side parked by the side of the pathway , with the `` Grilled Cheese Truck `` and the `` Calbi '' truck in concentrating .	there are myriad trucks
entailment	There is a line of different trucks with advertisements on the side parked by the side of the road , with the `` Grilled Cheese Truck `` and the `` Calbi '' truck in focus .	there are several trucks
entailment	There is a line of varied trucks with advertisements on the side parked by the side of the paths , with the `` Grilled Cheese Truck `` and the `` Calbi '' truck in concentrating .	there are several trucks
entailment	There is a line of many trucks with announcing on the side parked by the side of the pathway , with the `` Grilled Cheese Truck `` and the `` Calbi '' truck in focuses .	there are various food trucks
entailment	There is a line of differing trucks with promotional on the side parked by the side of the paths , with the `` Grilled Cheese Truck `` and the `` Calbi '' truck in focuses .	there are varying food trucks
entailment	There is a line of multiple trucks with advertisements on the side parked by the side of the route , with the `` Grilled Cheese Truck `` and the `` Calbi '' truck in focusing .	there are assorted food trucks
entailment	A adolescence skateboards by a mural of a griffin wielding a flaming saber .	A youths skateboards by a mural .
entailment	A teens skateboards by a mural of a griffin wielding a flaming sword .	A teenager skateboards by a mural .
entailment	A underage skateboards by a mural of a griffin wielding a flaming saber .	A juvenile skateboards by a mural .
entailment	Runners in assorted sportsmen attire , as well as one individual in a spotted-green lungs costume , run to the right .	Runners see a lung costumed person
entailment	Runners in different sport dress , as well as one individual in a spotted-green lungs costume , run to the right .	Runners see a dragon costumed person
entailment	Runners in several sportsman garb , as well as one individual in a spotted-green dragons costume , run to the rights .	Runners see a dragon costumed person
entailment	A female is cleanup up by putting dishes in the dishwasher after making supper .	a women is inside
entailment	A woman is cleanup up by putting dishes in the dishwasher after making supper .	a female is inside
entailment	A females is cleanliness up by putting dishes in the dishwasher after making supper .	a females is inside
entailment	A male in a winter jacket and knitting chap stand with his weapon up at his side in a snowy landscape .	A male is outer in the snowy .
entailment	A men in a winter jacket and knit chap stand with his firearm up at his side in a snow landscape .	A masculine is exterior in the snow .
entailment	A male in a winter jacket and knitting caps stand with his arms up at his side in a snowy landscape .	A man is exterior in the snowy .
entailment	A families is taking portion in a walk-a-thon .	Some of the people shown are linked .
entailment	A family is taking portion in a walk-a-thon .	Some of the people shown are linked .
entailment	A family is taking portion in a walk-a-thon .	Some of the people shown are linked .
entailment	Black dog running very promptly .	A dog is running .
entailment	Black dog running very quickly .	A dog is running .
entailment	Black dog running very fast .	A dog is running .
entailment	Two roadside workers with lime green safety blazers , white tough hats and gloves on with construction cones in the background	Two male are wearing lime green jerseys .
entailment	Two roadside workers with lime green safety jerseys , white difficult hats and gloves on with construction cones in the background	Two male are wearing lime green blazers .
entailment	Two roadside workers with lime green safety jerseys , white hard hats and gloves on with construction cones in the background	Two males are wearing lime green jerseys .
entailment	A groups of people is sitting at a heavy tables and using paintings brushes to form characters on white paper .	The people are using painted brushes .
entailment	A panel of people is sitting at a hefty tables and using paint brushes to form characters on white paper .	The people are using paints brushes .
entailment	A panels of people is sitting at a monumental tables and using painting brushes to form characters on white paper .	The people are using paint brushes .
entailment	a masculine miners is working on a school project .	A teen working on homework .
entailment	a masculine youth is working on a school project .	A teenage working on homework .
entailment	a man kids is working on a school project .	A youth working on homework .
entailment	A boy works on a project in shop class .	The boy 's projects is for a school measure .
entailment	A boy works on a project in shop class .	The boy 's project is for a school measure .
entailment	A boy works on a projects in shop class .	The boy 's projects is for a school activity .
entailment	Chefs prepare food on a grill in front of their customer .	Chefs are making food for client .
entailment	Chefs prepare food on a grill in front of their client .	Chefs are making food for customer .
entailment	Chefs prepare food on a grill in front of their customers .	Chefs are making food for customers .
entailment	A bald , black male wearing safety sunglasses and a long-sleeved black shirt is using a pick and hammer to sculpt a significant rock into art .	A negro man with no hair is making a scultpure with a pick and a hammer .
entailment	A bald , negro male wearing safety spectacles and a long-sleeved black shirt is using a pick and hammer to carve a significant rock into art .	A negro man with no hairdo is making a scultpure with a pick and a hammer .
entailment	A bald , negro male wearing safety glasses and a long-sleeved negro shirt is using a pick and hammer to carve a sizable rock into art .	A negro men with no hair is making a scultpure with a pick and a hammer .
entailment	Three people are walking on a beach .	There are people at the beach .
entailment	Three people are walking on a beach .	There are people at the beach .
entailment	Three people are walking on a beach .	There are people at the beach .
entailment	Three people are walking on a beach .	A few people are near the ocean
entailment	Three people are walking on a beach .	A few people are near the ocean
entailment	Three people are walking on a beach .	A few people are near the ocean
entailment	A brown dog and negro and white dog run along the green grass .	Two dogs run in the grass .
entailment	A brown dog and negro and white dog run along the green grass .	Two dogs run in the grass .
entailment	A brown dog and negro and white dog run along the green grass .	Two dogs run in the grass .
entailment	A men in a blue scotch shirt with negro underclothes is sitting on a box and holding something in his hand .	someone in a scotch shirt sits on a box with something in hand
entailment	A man in a blue bourbon shirt with negro panties is sitting on a box and holding something in his hand .	someone in a whisky shirt sits on a box with something in hand
entailment	A men in a blue scottish shirt with black underpants is sitting on a box and holding something in his hand .	someone in a scotland shirt sits on a box with something in hand
entailment	A group of young sitting on the ground laugh as another boy jumps over the panels .	The boy is jumping over teenager .
entailment	A group of adolescent sitting on the ground laughing as another boy jumps over the panel .	The boy is jumping over smaller .
entailment	A panel of teenage sitting on the ground laugh as another boy jumps over the panel .	The boy is jumping over minors .
entailment	A petite dog watches two huge dogs playing coarse in a field .	A few dogs are play outsides .
entailment	A little dog clocks two overwhelming dogs play coarse in a field .	A few dogs are play outsides .
entailment	A little dog watches two large dogs playing coarse in a field .	A few dogs are play outsides .
entailment	Five people standing under a tent-like structure celebrating the 25th Annual Longboard Classic .	People are celebrating .
entailment	Five people standing under a tent-like structure celebrating the 25th Annual Longboard Classic .	People are celebrating .
entailment	Five people standing under a tent-like structure celebrating the 25th Annual Longboard Classic .	People are celebrating .
entailment	A female in a black outfit lying face first on a yoga carpet ; various paint are hanged on the wall , and the sun shines through a vast window near her .	There is a persons in a room .
entailment	A woman in a black outfit lurks face first on a yoga mat ; multiple paints are hanged on the wall , and the sun shines through a hefty window near her .	There is a person in a rooms .
entailment	A woman in a black outfit lie face first on a yoga carpeting ; myriad paints are hanged on the wall , and the sun shines through a huge window near her .	There is a persons in a rooms .
entailment	Group of people standing and sitting in a field of grass .	The people are outside
entailment	Group of people standing and sitting in a field of grass .	The people are outside
entailment	Group of people standing and sitting in a field of grass .	The people are outside
entailment	Two people are walking through a path with branches from neighbors trees overhead .	Two individuals are walking outdoors .
entailment	Two people are walking through a road with branches from neighboring trees overhead .	Two person are walking outdoors .
entailment	Two people are walking through a pathway with branches from adjacent tree overhead .	Two person are walking outdoors .
entailment	The minor masculine is sitting on a couch smoker a cigarette .	A teenagers man smoker a cigarette
entailment	The youngsters masculine is sitting on a couch tobacco a cigarette .	A adolescent mens tobacco a cigarette
entailment	The teenager man is sitting on a couch smoker a cigarette .	A youngsters mens smoke a cigarette
entailment	Cheerleaders standing on a football field .	Cheerleaders are wearing exterior .
entailment	Cheerleaders standing on a football field .	Cheerleaders are wearing outdoor .
entailment	Cheerleaders standing on a football field .	Cheerleaders are wearing outer .
entailment	Coach talks with football player , other players and crowd in background .	A football coach talks with his player in front of the team and the crowd
entailment	Coach talks with football player , other gamers and crowd in background .	A football coaching talks with his player in front of the team and the crowd
entailment	Coach talks with football player , other gamers and crowd in background .	A football coaching talks with his player in front of the team and the crowd
entailment	A mens with a beer in his hand listens to a females talk .	A masculine has a beer with him .
entailment	A mens with a beer in his hand listens to a females talk .	A males has a beer with him .
entailment	A mens with a beer in his hand listens to a women talk .	A masculine has a beer with him .
entailment	a kid females siting on a park bench in the sun .	A kids female is sitting down
entailment	a teenagers females siting on a park bench in the sun .	A teenage females is sitting down
entailment	a kid female siting on a park bench in the sun .	A adolescence females is sitting down
entailment	A blond woman sits on a park bench while wearing a brown tank top and olive green shorts .	A blonde female sits on a bench outside in a park .
entailment	A blond women sits on a park bench while wearing a brown tank top and olive green shorts .	A blonde females sits on a bench outdoor in a park .
entailment	A blond female sits on a park bench while wearing a brown tank top and olive green shorts .	A blonde females sits on a bench outboard in a park .
entailment	A blond woman sits on a park bench while wearing a brown tank top and olive green shorts .	A blonde woman sits on a bench .
entailment	A blond woman sits on a park bench while wearing a brown tank top and olive green shorts .	A blonde woman sits on a bench .
entailment	A blond females sits on a park bench while wearing a brown tank top and olive green shorts .	A blonde women sits on a bench .
entailment	A women carrying a large packaging on her head walks in front of a building plastered with Portuguese posters announcing a concert .	A woman walks outdoors .
entailment	A women carrying a big packed on her head walks in front of a building plastered with Portuguese posters announcing a concert .	A females walks outdoors .
entailment	A women carrying a mammoth packets on her head walks in front of a building plastered with Portuguese posters ad a concert .	A women walks outdoors .
entailment	A cheerleader in a tight red and white uniforms is passing out white t-shirts at a sportsman events .	A cheerleader passes out shirts
entailment	A cheerleader in a tight red and white uniform is passing out white t-shirts at a athletic event .	A cheerleader passes out shirts
entailment	A cheerleader in a tight red and white uniforms is passing out white t-shirts at a athletes events .	A cheerleader passes out shirts
entailment	Crowd cheerleaders clothed in red , white , and blue smile as they pass out rolled up t-shirts to a full stadium of people .	Cheerleaders pass out rolled up t shirts
entailment	Crowd cheerleaders attired in red , white , and blue smile as they pass out rolled up t-shirts to a full stadium of people .	Cheerleaders pass out rolled up t shirts
entailment	Crowd cheerleaders dressed in red , white , and blue smile as they pass out rolled up t-shirts to a full stadium of people .	Cheerleaders pass out rolled up t shirts
entailment	A brown dog racing through a field .	A dog is race .
entailment	A brown dog racing through a field .	A dog is races .
entailment	A brown dog races through a field .	A dog is errand .
entailment	A dog running in long grass , a housing development behind it .	There is a dog outboard .
entailment	A dog running in lengthy grass , a dwelling development behind it .	There is a dog outer .
entailment	A dog running in lengthy grass , a house development behind it .	There is a dog outdoor .
entailment	An ancient Indian masculine dressed in rags sleeps on the ground using his satchel as a pillow .	An elders Indian male is sleep
entailment	An old Indian men clothed in rags sleeps on the ground using his handbag as a pillow .	An elderly Indian man is sleep
entailment	An elder Indian mens clothed in rags sleeps on the ground using his handbags as a pillow .	An senior Indian mens is sleep
entailment	Children in yellow athletics uniforms climb a tower .	Children in uniformed climbing a tower .
entailment	Children in yellow athletes uniform climbing a tower .	Children in standardized climb a tower .
entailment	Children in yellow athletes uniforms climb a tower .	Children in uniforms climb a tower .
entailment	A Vietnamese women wearing a gray top carries huge clear pockets of groceries using a stick to balances everything on her shoulder .	A persons in a top
entailment	A Vietnamese females wearing a gray top carries overwhelming clear pockets of groceries using a stick to balance everything on her shoulder .	A persons in a top
entailment	A Vietnamese females wearing a gray top carries large clear purses of groceries using a stick to balances everything on her shoulder .	A person in a top
entailment	Two daughter feeding a horse an apple .	Two girls are near an zoo .
entailment	Two girls feeding a equestrian an apple .	Two daughter are near an animals .
entailment	Two daughter feeding a equestrian an apple .	Two daughters are near an zoo .
entailment	A masculine playing cricket	someone plays a game
entailment	A males play cricket	someone plays a game
entailment	A mens play cricket	someone plays a game
entailment	A men in a blue jog suit is running on the pavement in front of a paint .	A male is outer on the streets .
entailment	A man in a blue jogging suit is running on the pavement in front of a paintings .	A males is outer on the streets .
entailment	A mens in a blue jog suit is running on the pavement in front of a paintings .	A males is outdoor on the streets .
entailment	A basketball player in a red uniforms is trying to make a basket but is being blocked by the oppose team .	A basketball player is play basketball .
entailment	A basketball player in a red uniformed is trying to make a basket but is being blocked by the oppose team .	A basketball player is playing basketball .
entailment	A basketball player in a red uniformed is trying to make a basket but is being blocked by the oppose team .	A basketball player is play basketball .
entailment	One mens , shirtless , and a women , clothed , jumping in the water .	Two people are about to be in water .
entailment	One masculine , shirtless , and a females , clothed , jumping in the water .	Two people are about to be in water .
entailment	One mens , shirtless , and a females , dressed , jumping in the water .	Two people are roughly to be in water .
entailment	A small , pale poultry bends down to vessels a crumb .	The poultry is on the ground .
entailment	A little , pale poultry bends down to studied a crumb .	The bird is on the ground .
entailment	A small , pale fowl bends down to probing a crumb .	The bird is on the ground .
entailment	A rugby player running the ball between two downed opponents .	Some people are play rugby .
entailment	A rugby player running the ball between two downed opponents .	Some people are play rugby .
entailment	A rugby player running the ball between two downed opponents .	Some people are playing rugby .
entailment	A person walks outdoor carrying a bag , while a smaller girl in pink walks behind her .	A person carry a knapsack with a daughters behind her
entailment	A person walks outdoor carry a wallets , while a juvenile daughters in pink walks behind her .	A person carry a knapsack with a daughters behind her
entailment	A individuals walks exterior carry a purse , while a teenagers girls in pink walks behind her .	A individuals carrying a handbags with a girl behind her
entailment	Some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	There are differing dogs present .
entailment	Some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	There are varying dogs present .
entailment	Some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	There are various dogs present .
entailment	A male in a suit speaking to a seated females .	A dark headed man in a suit speaking to a seated females .
entailment	A masculine in a suit speaking to a seated females .	A dark headed males in a suit speaking to a seated women .
entailment	A male in a suit speaking to a seated female .	A dark headed men in a suit speaking to a seated female .
entailment	A man in a suit speaking to a seated woman .	A man speaking to a females .
entailment	A men in a suit speaking to a seated females .	A masculine speaking to a females .
entailment	A male in a suit speaking to a seated females .	A male speaking to a woman .
entailment	A adolescence boy using a spatula to handle meat on a grill .	A minors boy is using a utensil to handled meat on a grill .
entailment	A miner boy using a spatula to handled meat on a grill .	A juveniles boy is using a utensil to handle meat on a grill .
entailment	A miners boy using a spatula to handle meat on a grill .	A adolescents boy is using a utensil to handled meat on a grille .
entailment	A men is making a phones calling .	A men is on the phones .
entailment	A men is making a phone calling .	A masculine is on the phones .
entailment	A men is making a telephones calling .	A men is on the cellphones .
entailment	A women is taking a image of a man .	A females is near a man .
entailment	A females is taking a picture of a men .	A female is near a man .
entailment	A women is taking a photographed of a mens .	A woman is near a man .
entailment	A men is ducking down between the red tulips in a flower field .	The male is outer .
entailment	A mens is ducking down between the red tulips in a flowers field .	The mens is outer .
entailment	A man is ducking down between the red tulips in a flowering field .	The men is outboard .
entailment	A dame , clothed in a costume , is posing with an hatchet in the mid of the lumber .	A lady with an hatchet is posing in the mid of the wood .
entailment	A lady , attired in a costume , is posing with an hatchet in the media of the timber .	A dame with an ax is posing in the middle of the wood .
entailment	A lady , attired in a costume , is posing with an ax in the media of the wooden .	A lady with an ax is posing in the mid of the timber .
entailment	Two people connected to ropes wearing bright orange helmets are sitting on a rocky crag high in the mountains .	People rock climbing with rope .
entailment	Two people linked to ropes wearing bright orange helmets are sitting on a rocky crag high in the mountains .	People rock climb with rope .
entailment	Two people linked to ropes wearing bright orange helmets are sitting on a rocky crag high in the mountains .	People rock climb with rope .
entailment	A crowded town street with lots of pedestrians .	There are varied pedestrians on the city street .
entailment	A crowded city street with lots of pedestrians .	There are varying pedestrians on the city street .
entailment	A crowded town street with lots of pedestrians .	There are many pedestrians on the city street .
entailment	A females lowers ballast on a navigating .	The females is adjustments the yachting .
entailment	A females reduce ballast on a studying .	The females is alter the shipping .
entailment	A woman reduced ballast on a boat .	The female is shift the sailing .
entailment	Two hikers are backpacking up a snowy sloping .	Two people are hiking with backpacks up a snow inclined .
entailment	Two climbers are backpacking up a snowy sloping .	Two people are hiking with backpacks up a snow angled .
entailment	Two climbers are backpacking up a snow sloping .	Two people are hiking with backpacks up a snow slanted .
entailment	Two mountaineers are walking across a snowcapped mountain .	Two mountaineers walking on a mountain .
entailment	Two mountaineers are walking across a snowcapped mountain .	Two mountaineers walking on a mountain .
entailment	Two mountaineers are walking across a snowcapped mountain .	Two mountaineers walking on a mountain .
entailment	A dark-skinned persons , crouched while paints a sign .	A person is paints .
entailment	A dark-skinned person , crouched while paint a sign .	A persons is paint .
entailment	A dark-skinned person , crouched while paintings a sign .	A individuals is painted .
entailment	A bald individuals in green apparel stands in front of a brick wall .	A persons is in front of a brick wall .
entailment	A bald persons in green apparel stands in front of a brick wall .	A persons is in front of a brick wall .
entailment	A bald person in green clothing stands in front of a brick wall .	A person is in front of a brick wall .
entailment	Man walking down a brick sidewalk in a company suit reading a paper and smoke a cigar with a females wearing glasses walking behind him to his left .	There are people outside
entailment	Man walking down a brick sidewalk in a corporations suit reading a paper and smoke a cigar with a woman wearing sunglasses walking behind him to his left .	There are people outside
entailment	Man walking down a brick pavement in a corporation suit reading a paper and cigarettes a cigar with a female wearing goggles walking behind him to his left .	There are people outside
entailment	A adolescence masculine is playing a blue guitar .	The male is playing the guitar .
entailment	A juveniles mens is playing a blue guitar .	The masculine is play the guitar .
entailment	A minors men is playing a blue guitar .	The men is playing the guitar .
entailment	A men wearing negro underclothes and a helmet is riding a brown equestrian .	A male is riding a brown equestrian while protect his head with a helmet .
entailment	A mens wearing negro pants and a helmet is riding a brown equestrian .	A mens is riding a brown equestrian while protecting his head with a helmet .
entailment	A men wearing negro pants and a helmet is riding a brown horse .	A man is riding a brown horse while protection his head with a helmet .
entailment	People wait in line in a blizzard .	People are in a blizzard .
entailment	People waiting in line in a blizzard .	People are in a blizzard .
entailment	People wait in line in a blizzard .	People are in a snowstorm .
entailment	Xylophonists play in a dark setting .	someone who plays a xylophone
entailment	Xylophonists play in a dark setting .	someone who plays a xylophone
entailment	Xylophonists playing in a dark setting .	someone who plays a xylophone
entailment	Xylophonists playing in a dark setting .	xylophone is played by someone
entailment	Xylophonists playing in a dark setting .	xylophone is played by someone
entailment	Xylophonists playing in a dark setting .	xylophone is played by someone
entailment	Athletic males in match black trousers performing under the spotlight .	The masculine are wearing negro underclothes .
entailment	Athletic men in matching black underclothes performing under the spotlight .	The men are wearing negro underclothes .
entailment	Athletic male in match negro slacks performing under the spotlight .	The male are wearing black trousers .
entailment	a petite brown and white dog swimming through the pool next to a men .	A male and a petite multicolored dog are in the water .
entailment	a small brown and white dog swimming through the pool next to a males .	A man and a little multicolored dog are in the water .
entailment	a small brown and white dog swim through the pool next to a male .	A male and a petite multicolored dog are in the water .
entailment	a petite brown and white dog swim through the pool next to a males .	A man teaches his rottweiler how to swim .
entailment	a petite brown and white dog swim through the pool next to a males .	A mens teaches his schnauzer how to swim .
entailment	a petite brown and white dog swim through the pool next to a male .	A men teaches his dachshund how to swimming .
entailment	Children nap on a floor while others stand by .	Children are napping on a floor .
entailment	Children nap on a floor while others stand by .	Children are napping on a floor .
entailment	Children nap on a floor while others stand by .	Children are napping on a floor .
entailment	A female wearing a bright orange blouse is weaving .	A female is weaving .
entailment	A female wearing a bright orange blouse is weaving .	A females is weaving .
entailment	A women wearing a bright orange blouse is weaving .	A female is weaving .
entailment	A female wearing white and black carries a serving tray .	A woman is carrying a serving tray .
entailment	A female wearing white and black carries a serving tray .	A women is carrying a serving tray .
entailment	A woman wearing white and black carries a serving tray .	A female is carrying a serving tray .
entailment	A daughters play soccer in a green field with some tree in the background .	Their is a daughter playing soccer in a field .
entailment	A girls playing soccer in a green field with some tree in the background .	Their is a daughters playing soccer in a field .
entailment	A daughter play soccer in a green field with some trees in the background .	Their is a daughters playing soccer in a field .
entailment	A black dog is running through a marsh-like sphere .	A dog is running through a marshy sphere .
entailment	A black dog is running through a marsh-like areas .	A dog is running through a swampy sphere .
entailment	A black dog is running through a marsh-like area .	A dog is running through a marshy sphere .
entailment	Two males are boxing in fights arena .	TWo males are boxing .
entailment	Two males are boxing in fight arena .	TWo masculine are boxing .
entailment	Two male are boxing in fights arena .	TWo man are boxing .
entailment	A guy in a bright green hoodie is crossing a crosswalk while looking at an accident between some automobile and a motorcycles .	A guy looks upon a collision between automobiles .
entailment	A guy in a bright green hoodie is cross a crosswalk while search at an accidents between some cars and a bicycles .	A guy looks upon a collision between automobile .
entailment	A guy in a bright green hoodie is crossed a crosswalk while quest at an accidents between some automobile and a motorbike .	A guy looks upon a collision between car .
entailment	A masculine test model aircraft in an opened field .	A man is test model airways .
entailment	A male test model aviation in an open field .	A masculine is tests model airways .
entailment	A mens tests model aviation in an opens field .	A males is testing model airline .
entailment	A minors boy and an adult masculine looking at ducks in a pond .	People watch ducks in a pond .
entailment	A kid boy and an grownups mens searches at ducks in a pond .	People watch ducks in a pond .
entailment	A adolescents boy and an adults men search at ducks in a pond .	People watch ducks in a pond .
entailment	A small boy punching out flashcards from the cardboard they came in .	A boy holds some flashcards in his hands
entailment	A petite boy punching out flashcards from the cardboard they came in .	A boy holds some flashcards in his hands
entailment	A little boy punching out flashcards from the cardboard they came in .	A boy holds some flashcards in his hands
entailment	A petite boy punching out flashcards from the cardboard they came in .	A boy punches his newer flashcards from the carboard they came i.
entailment	A little boy punching out flashcards from the cardboard they came in .	A boy punches his newest flashcards from the carboard they came i.
entailment	A small boy punching out flashcards from the cardboard they came in .	A boy punches his newer flashcards from the carboard they came i.
entailment	A juvenile women dressed in black attaches knapsack full of flowering to a biking .	The woman is wearing dark garment .
entailment	A adolescents females dressed in negro attaches satchel full of flowering to a cycling .	The woman is wearing dark garments .
entailment	A teenagers women clothed in negro attaches knapsack full of flower to a mopeds .	The women is wearing dark garment .
entailment	Two males are interact with some kinds of mechanical contraption that is mounted on a wall .	Some masculine work on a machine on a wall .
entailment	Two males are interact with some sorts of mechanical contraption that is mounted on a wall .	Some man work on a machine on a wall .
entailment	Two mens are interact with some sort of mechanical contraption that is mounted on a wall .	Some man work on a machine on a wall .
entailment	People shopping at an outdoor market	People are exterior .
entailment	People shopping at an outer market	People are outdoor .
entailment	People shopping at an outdoor market	People are outer .
entailment	People shopping at an outboard market	People are enjoying the sunny day at the market .
entailment	People shopping at an outboard market	People are enjoying the sunny day at the markets .
entailment	People shopping at an outer market	People are enjoying the sunny day at the marketplace .
entailment	The Man is exterior on the beach walking his dog .	There is sand in the ground .
entailment	The Man is outside on the beach walking his dog .	There is sand in the ground .
entailment	The Man is exterior on the beach walking his dog .	There is sand in the ground .
entailment	A group of grownup standing up with adolescence in sportsmen dress kneeling on the ground .	A groups of adults and juveniles .
entailment	A grouping of grownups standing up with adolescence in sportsmen dress kneeling on the ground .	A group of adults and child .
entailment	A group of grownups standing up with youthful in sport frock kneeling on the ground .	A group of grownup and youths .
entailment	A masculine in a negro shirt is roughly to crossing the paths while on his mobiles , another man is laying on the ground while a dame in the background clocks .	Someone is approximately to cross the paths while someone else watches .
entailment	A masculine in a black shirt is about to crossed the route while on his laptop , another male is laying on the ground while a lady in the background clocks .	Someone is about to crossing the routes while someone else watches .
entailment	A male in a negro shirt is about to crossing the paths while on his mobile , another man is laying on the ground while a dame in the background watches .	Someone is about to cross the road while someone else watches .
entailment	A men with a beard is conversation on the mobiles and standing next to someone who is lie down on the street .	A men is prone on the street while another man stands next to him .
entailment	A male with a beard is talking on the laptop and standing next to someone who is lying down on the street .	A mens is prone on the street while another male stands next to him .
entailment	A males with a beard is discussions on the movable and standing next to someone who is lie down on the street .	A mens is prone on the street while another masculine stands next to him .
entailment	A girl in negro slacks doing exercise .	A girl moving her muscles to get exercising in .
entailment	A girls in black underpants doing drills .	A girl moving her muscles to get exercising in .
entailment	A daughters in negro slacks doing exercise .	A daughters moving her muscles to get drills in .
entailment	Family gathered together in a housing enjoying each other corporate .	A families is enjoying a nighttime at home .
entailment	Family gathered together in a houses enjoying each other companies .	A family is enjoying a nightly at home .
entailment	Family gathered together in a housing enjoying each other companies .	A families is enjoying a nightly at home .
entailment	A petite boy in a gray and white striped sweater and tan panties is play on a piece of playground equipment .	A boy is on a playground .
entailment	A petite boy in a grey and white striped sweater and tan underclothes is play on a piece of playground equipment .	A boy is on a playground .
entailment	A small boy in a gray and white striped jumper and tan underpants is playing on a piece of playground equipment .	A boy is on a playground .
entailment	A females in a brown shirt is kneeling in the street .	A female is on the ground outdoor .
entailment	A female in a brown shirt is kneeling in the street .	A women is on the ground outer .
entailment	A women in a brown shirt is kneeling in the street .	A women is on the ground exterior .
entailment	The blond boy is riding roller-coaster with his mouth extensive open .	a boy riding a roller-coaster
entailment	The blond boy is riding roller-coaster with his mouth wide opens .	a boy riding a roller-coaster
entailment	The blond boy is riding roller-coaster with his mouth wide opened .	a boy riding a roller-coaster
entailment	A man in a blue t-shirt is taking a photographer while a female with an umbrella walks behind him .	A men is taking a photography outdoors while a female walks behind him .
entailment	A mens in a blue t-shirt is taking a images while a woman with an umbrella walks behind him .	A male is taking a photograph outdoors while a female walks behind him .
entailment	A men in a blue t-shirt is taking a photography while a women with an umbrella walks behind him .	A masculine is taking a photography outdoors while a female walks behind him .
entailment	Two mens stand near a piece of big machinery .	The machinery is very large
entailment	Two male stand near a piece of enormous machinery .	The machinery is very large
entailment	Two masculine stand near a piece of heavy machinery .	The machinery is very large
entailment	Two males help each other cutting a sheet of plastic .	Two masculine chop some plastic .
entailment	Two mens aided each other cutting a sheet of plastic .	Two masculine chop some plastic .
entailment	Two masculine assist each other cutting a sheet of plastic .	Two males cut some plastic .
entailment	A females swimmer wearing a swim chaps does the butterfly stroke .	A women is swimming .
entailment	A woman swimmer wearing a swim chaps does the butterfly stroke .	A female is swimming .
entailment	A females swimmer wearing a swim chap does the butterflies stroke .	A female is swimming .
entailment	Two daughter aboard an amusement park ride .	Two girl ride an amusement park ride .
entailment	Two girl aboard an amusement park ride .	Two daughters ride an entertainment park ride .
entailment	Two daughters aboard an amusement park ride .	Two daughter ride an amusement park ride .
entailment	A women in a long , dark coat looks through trashcans in Winter .	A women is browsing containers for something .
entailment	A women in a long , dark coat looks through trashcans in Winter .	A females is ship containers for something .
entailment	A women in a long , dark coat looks through trashcans in Winter .	A female is explore containers for something .
entailment	A women with a blue hat is taking photography in an sphere cover in brush .	The females is holding a camera .
entailment	A woman with a blue hat is taking photographer in an area covered in brush .	The woman is holding a camera .
entailment	A females with a blue hat is taking images in an sphere covered in brush .	The female is holding a camera .
entailment	Two boys in running sportswear stretching .	The boys are stretch .
entailment	Two boys in running clothing stretch .	The boys are stretch .
entailment	Two boys in running clothes stretch .	The boys are stretch .
entailment	A man holding a baby who is petting a pony .	A male with a baby is petting a pony .
entailment	A man holding a baby who is petting a pony .	A masculine with a baby is petting a pony .
entailment	A males holding a baby who is petting a pony .	A male with a baby is petting a pony .
entailment	Three females sit at a table , taking notes from three same magazine .	Three woman are reading and write .
entailment	Three women sit at a table , taking notes from three identical magazine .	Three women are reading and writing .
entailment	Three woman sit at a tables , taking notes from three identical magazines .	Three females are reading and write .
entailment	a soccer player wearing a red uniform walks off the field after a games near a parking lot .	There is a field with a parking batch .
entailment	a soccer player wearing a red uniformed walks off the field after a game near a parking lot .	There is a field with a parking batch .
entailment	a soccer player wearing a red uniforms walks off the field after a game near a parking lot .	There is a field with a parking batch .
entailment	A bald male with a white shirt and watch eating food and drinking wine .	There is a bald masculine .
entailment	A bald males with a white shirt and watch eating food and drinking wine .	There is a bald males .
entailment	A bald male with a white shirt and watch eating food and drinking wine .	There is a bald men .
entailment	Three miners , two boys and a daughters , are play with the swings on a playground with residential houses in the background .	The child are less than 20 yrs aging .
entailment	Three young , two boys and a girls , are play with the swings on a playground with residential houses in the background .	The adolescent are less than 20 yrs seniors .
entailment	Three juvenile , two boys and a girl , are playing with the swings on a playground with residential houses in the background .	The juvenile are least than 20 yrs aged .
entailment	A rocker standing with one feet on the stages holding the mics attached to the stand over his head .	A microphone is near the stages .
entailment	A rocker standing with one foot on the stages holding the mics attached to the stand over his head .	A mics is near the stage .
entailment	A rocker standing with one foot on the stage holding the mics attached to the stand over his head .	A microphone is near the stages .
entailment	Expert snowboarding is trying a new ploy .	The persons is skiing .
entailment	Expert skiing is trying a novel trick .	The persons is snowboard .
entailment	Expert skiing is trying a new ploy .	The individuals is snowboarding .
entailment	A skateboarder does a trick in planes .	A individuals skating boarding .
entailment	A skateboarder does a trick in airplane .	A individuals skating boarding .
entailment	A skateboarder does a trick in aviation .	A individuals skate boarding .
entailment	Men sitting on the side of a brick pathway .	me are sitting on the side of a road
entailment	Men sitting on the side of a brick path .	me are sitting on the side of a road
entailment	Men sitting on the side of a brick road .	me are sitting on the side of a road
entailment	Young person in black next to an elder persons in negro and white polka points .	A children persons in negro next to an seniors persons .
entailment	Young individuals in negro next to an old individuals in negro and white polka dotted .	A teenagers person in black next to an antique persons .
entailment	Young persons in negro next to an antique person in black and white polka dot .	A adolescent persons in negro next to an elderly individuals .
entailment	Two child daughters show printing of a line drawing of an animals .	There are adolescent daughter showing animal drawings .
entailment	Two child daughter show printing of a line drawing of an animal .	There are teenagers daughter showing animals drawings .
entailment	Two adolescent girls show prints of a line drawing of an zoo .	There are adolescence daughter showing animals drawings .
entailment	Two woman are reading , one women has a magazine with a Dior announce on the back of it , while the other woman is reading fro mam tough covered book .	Two women are reading , one has a magazines , while the other has a book .
entailment	Two women are reading , one woman has a magazine with a Dior announcing on the back of it , while the other female is reading fro mother harsh covered book .	Two women are reading , one has a magazines , while the other has a book .
entailment	Two women are reading , one female has a magazine with a Dior advertise on the back of it , while the other women is reading fro moms strenuous cover book .	Two females are reading , one has a magazine , while the other has a book .
entailment	Several grownups look on while a teenager daughter plays in a ball pit .	A teen daughter is play .
entailment	Several grownup look on while a youngsters girl plays in a ball pit .	A juveniles daughter is playing .
entailment	Several adults look on while a teenage girls plays in a ball pit .	A youthful girls is play .
entailment	A female with a knapsack , talking on her mobiles , standing on the cornering of the street , waiting to cross .	A woman is holding her sac and conversations .
entailment	A females with a sac , conversation on her mobiles , standing on the corner of the street , waiting to cross .	A female is holding her handbag and conversation .
entailment	A female with a handbag , conversation on her laptop , standing on the corner of the street , waiting to crossing .	A females is holding her purses and discussions .
entailment	A female with a purses , talking on her portable , standing on the corner of the street , waiting to crossed .	A woman holding a bag , and discussions on her mobiles , is standing on the nook of the street , waiting to cross .
entailment	A females with a knapsack , discussions on her notepad , standing on the corner of the street , wait to cross .	A woman holding a purse , and conversation on her notepad , is standing on the nook of the street , wait to crossing .
entailment	A female with a purses , conversations on her mobile , standing on the nook of the street , wait to crossed .	A female holding a handbags , and conversation on her portable , is standing on the nook of the street , waiting to cross .
entailment	Blond-haired girl wearing a bicycle helmet , a black t-shirt that reads `` Twizzlers '' and a printed dog etiquette pendant around her neck .	a daughter with a helmet wears a dog tag
entailment	Blond-haired daughter wearing a motorbikes helmet , a black t-shirt that reads `` Twizzlers '' and a printed dog labeled necklace around her neck .	a daughters with a helmet wears a dog tag
entailment	Blond-haired daughter wearing a biking helmet , a negro t-shirt that reads `` Twizzlers '' and a printed dog tag necklace around her neck .	a daughters with a helmet wears a dog tag
entailment	Firemen stand outdoor of their firetruck with all its lights on .	People stand exterior of their firetruck with all its illumination on .
entailment	Firemen stand exterior of their firetruck with all its lighting on .	People stand outside of their firetruck with all its lights on .
entailment	Firemen stand outboard of their firetruck with all its lights on .	People stand outdoor of their firetruck with all its lighting on .
entailment	This masculine dressed in white trousers and blue shirt , is standing on a ledge in the snowy .	A male is outdoor in the snowy .
entailment	This mens attired in white undergarments and blue shirt , is standing on a ledge in the snowy .	A mens is outdoor in the snowy .
entailment	This male dressed in white pants and blue shirt , is standing on a ledge in the snow .	A masculine is exterior in the snowy .
entailment	A crowd watching a skateboarder .	A person is skateboarding
entailment	A crowd watching a skateboarder .	A persons is skateboarding
entailment	A crowd watching a skateboarder .	A persons is skateboarding
entailment	A mens holding a briefcase on a metro .	A male holds a briefcase .
entailment	A male holding a briefcase on a underpass .	A males holds a briefcase .
entailment	A masculine holding a briefcase on a underground .	A male holds a briefcase .
entailment	A negro dog with a blue collar is jumping into the water .	A dog is going to get wet .
entailment	A black dog with a blue collar is jumping into the water .	A dog is going to get wet .
entailment	A black dog with a blue collar is jumping into the water .	A dog is going to get wet .
entailment	A youthful barefoot girls wearing a helmet walks down a mossy covered fallen down tree .	A females teenager , with no footwear but a helmet on , walks on top of a trees that has fallen down .
entailment	A teenager barefoot girl wearing a helmet walks down a mossy covered fallen down tree .	A women smaller , with no footwear but a helmet on , walks on top of a tree that has fallen down .
entailment	A teens barefoot daughter wearing a helmet walks down a mossy cover fallen down trees .	A female minor , with no shoe but a helmet on , walks on top of a trees that has fallen down .
entailment	The boy in pajama panties jumps off the sofa .	The boy is jumping up
entailment	The boy in pajama underpants jumps off the sofa .	The boy is jumping up
entailment	The boy in pajama underpants jumps off the sofa .	The boy is jumping up
entailment	Two adolescents running past a dinosaur in the wooden .	Young people are running outdoors .
entailment	Two teenage running past a dinosaur in the lumber .	Young people are running outdoors .
entailment	Two youths running past a dinosaur in the wooden .	Young people are running outdoors .
entailment	A drummer wearing a scottish shirt , jeans , and a purple had bangs his drum .	A drummer play on drums .
entailment	A drummer wearing a whisky shirt , jeans , and a purple had bangs his drums .	A drummer playing on drumming .
entailment	A drummer wearing a scotch shirt , jeans , and a purple had bangs his drumming .	A drummer playing on drum .
entailment	The mens in white is play basketball against the mens in blue .	Two mens are engaging in a sportsman action .
entailment	The males in white is playing basketball against the man in blue .	Two male are engaging in a athlete measure .
entailment	The man in white is play basketball against the mens in blue .	Two mens are engaging in a sport measure .
entailment	Five boys in blue shirts drawing at a tables .	There are teenaged wearing blue .
entailment	Five boys in blue shirts drawing at a tables .	There are teenaged wearing blue .
entailment	Five boys in blue shirts drawing at a tables .	There are minors wearing blue .
entailment	Man jumping over a rusted fences on a blue bike .	Man doing a ploy riding his cycling .
entailment	Man jumping over a rusted fence on a blue cyclist .	Man doing a ploy riding his motorbikes .
entailment	Man jumping over a rusted fencing on a blue motorbikes .	Man doing a ploy riding his moped .
entailment	Two daughters playing catch on a lawn	Children playing a game on green grass .
entailment	Two girls play catch on a lawn	Children play a games on green grass .
entailment	Two girls play catch on a lawn	Children play a game on green grass .
entailment	A juveniles girl in a yellow top and a flowered skirt is standing on a blanket and biting on a toy .	A daughter is standing .
entailment	A youth daughter in a yellow top and a flowered skirt is standing on a blanket and biting on a toy .	A girl is standing .
entailment	A juveniles daughters in a yellow top and a flowered skirt is standing on a blanket and biting on a toy .	A daughters is standing .
entailment	A women in a negro hooded sweatshirt walking with a jumbo dog .	A women walking a dog
entailment	A female in a negro hooded sweatshirt walking with a massive dog .	A females walking a dog
entailment	A women in a black hooded sweatshirt walking with a huge dog .	A woman walking a dog
entailment	A groups of people are icing skating in a gigantic town .	The people are outside skating .
entailment	A group of people are frosting skate in a monumental town .	The people are outboard skating .
entailment	A panel of people are icing skating in a big town .	The people are outdoor skating .
entailment	A daughters wearing a knit chaps , gloves , winter jacket , snowy pants and boots stands by a frozen waterfall , with a metal poles by her side .	A daughter is near a freezing waterfall .
entailment	A daughters wearing a knitting ceilings , gloves , winter jacket , snow slacks and boots stands by a freeze waterfall , with a metallic pole by her side .	A girls is near a freeze waterfall .
entailment	A daughter wearing a knit chaps , gloves , winter jacket , snow underclothes and boots stands by a freezes waterfall , with a metallic pole by her side .	A daughter is near a frozen waterfall .
entailment	A daughters wearing a knitting caps , gloves , winter jacket , snow slacks and boots stands by a frozen waterfall , with a metals poles by her side .	A teen daughter is by a waterfall .
entailment	A daughter wearing a knitting chaps , gloves , winter jacket , snow underpants and boots stands by a frozen waterfall , with a metallic poles by her side .	A miner daughter is by a waterfall .
entailment	A girls wearing a knitted chaps , gloves , winter jacket , snowy slacks and boots stands by a frozen waterfall , with a metal poles by her side .	A teen girl is by a waterfall .
entailment	A Young daughter wearing a blue ski caps and red and grey two tone jacket stands between two bits of frosting .	A daughters standing near ice .
entailment	A Young daughters wearing a blue skis ceilings and red and grey two tone jacket stands between two bits of icing .	A girl standing near ice .
entailment	A Young girls wearing a blue skis ceilings and red and gray two tone jacket stands between two bits of ice .	A daughter standing near frosting .
entailment	A Young girl wearing a blue skis cap and red and gray two tone jacket stands between two bits of icing .	A girl is standing in a winter landscape .
entailment	A Young girls wearing a blue skis ceilings and red and grey two tone jacket stands between two bits of icing .	A girls is standing in a winter landscape .
entailment	A Young girls wearing a blue skis ceiling and red and gray two tone jacket stands between two bits of icing .	A girls is standing in a winter landscape .
entailment	a woman and a teenager both wearing red outfits walking up a street	Two people wearing red outfits walking on a street
entailment	a females and a minors both wearing red outfits walking up a street	Two people wearing red outfits walking on a street
entailment	a women and a teenaged both wearing red outfits walking up a street	Two people wearing red outfits walking on a street
entailment	Security officers working outdoor .	A security officers is outdoor .
entailment	Security officer working outboard .	A security officers is exterior .
entailment	Security officers working exterior .	A security officer is outboard .
entailment	African females walking through field .	THere is women explorer through the fields .
entailment	African woman walking through field .	THere is female exploring through the fields .
entailment	African women walking through field .	THere is female explores through the fields .
entailment	An African individuals standing in a wheat field .	A individuals standing in a wheat field .
entailment	An African person standing in a wheat field .	A individuals standing in a wheat field .
entailment	An African persons standing in a wheat field .	A individuals standing in a wheat field .
entailment	a wet golden retriever is walking through a lake	A wet golden retriever is in a lake .
entailment	a wet golden retriever is walking through a lake	A wet golden retriever is in a lake .
entailment	a wet golden retriever is walking through a lake	A wet golden retriever is in a lake .
entailment	Many people sit , some stand outboard of a huge brick building .	people sit and stand together by a building
entailment	Many people sit , some stand exterior of a jumbo brick building .	people sit and stand together by a building
entailment	Many people sit , some stand outboard of a massive brick building .	people sit and stand together by a building
entailment	A males wearing red goggles is carry two cameras .	The males has two cameras .
entailment	A man wearing red spectacles is carrying two cameras .	The male has two cameras .
entailment	A males wearing red sunglasses is carry two cameras .	The masculine has two cameras .
entailment	Two females walking near some trees in warm , dark-colored sportswear , one with a hat , one with an upraised collar .	two females walk
entailment	Two women walking near some trees in warming , dark-colored clothing , one with a hat , one with an upraised collar .	two woman walk
entailment	Two women walking near some tree in warming , dark-colored clothing , one with a hat , one with an upraised collar .	two woman walk
entailment	A barefoot males in an orange shirt , shorts , and a baseball caps is sitting on the opening tailgate of a silver pickup truck .	A males is sitting on a cars .
entailment	A barefoot masculine in an orange shirt , shorts , and a baseball caps is sitting on the opened tailgate of a silver pickup truck .	A mens is sitting on a motor .
entailment	A barefoot mens in an orange shirt , shorts , and a baseball caps is sitting on the open tailgate of a silver pickup truck .	A masculine is sitting on a autos .
entailment	A man walks by a building at nightly .	A mens is walking .
entailment	A male walks by a building at nightly .	A masculine is walking .
entailment	A masculine walks by a building at overnight .	A men is walking .
entailment	A individuals is sitting on the edge of a rock cliff .	A person sitting on a rock cliff .
entailment	A person is sitting on the edge of a rock cliff .	A person sitting on a rock cliff .
entailment	A persons is sitting on the edge of a rock cliff .	A persons sitting on a rock cliff .
entailment	A male , boy and a white dog are search at a display of postal .	A mens with a boy and their white dog are searching at postcards .
entailment	A male , boy and a white dog are search at a display of postcards .	A males with a boy and their white dog are searches at postcards .
entailment	A male , boy and a white dog are searches at a display of postcards .	A mens with a boy and their white dog are search at postal .
entailment	A masculine dressed in a light blue shirt dumping item from a bin into another bin , while standing in a room full of food donations .	It is food collected rooms as a gifts .
entailment	A men dressed in a light blue shirt dumping items from a ben into another bin , while standing in a room full of food donations .	It is food collection rooms as a dons .
entailment	A mens clothed in a light blue shirt dumping item from a bin into another ben , while standing in a rooms full of food donations .	It is food collections rooms as a gifts .
entailment	Two minor work together on a projects at a table .	Two youth are doing something together .
entailment	Two adolescence work together on a project at a tables .	Two youth are doing something together .
entailment	Two youthful work together on a project at a tables .	Two juveniles are doing something together .
entailment	A males wearing a blue apron and lengthy rubber boots is drag a flotation device from a long row of flotation devices .	A men in rubber boots and a work apron is rubbing his face in between pulling floating objects .
entailment	A masculine wearing a blue apron and long rubber boots is drag a flotation device from a lengthy row of flotation devices .	A man in rubber boots and a work apron is rubbing his face in between pulling floating objects .
entailment	A male wearing a blue apron and lengthy rubber boots is dragging a flotation device from a lengthy row of flotation devices .	A males in rubber boots and a work apron is rubbing his face in between pulling floating objects .
entailment	A mens wearing a blue apron and lengthy rubber boots is dragging a flotation device from a long row of flotation devices .	A male wearing work clothes and boots is working on a flotation device .
entailment	A mens wearing a blue apron and long rubber boots is drag a flotation device from a lengthy row of flotation devices .	A males wearing work sportswear and boots is working on a flotation device .
entailment	A masculine wearing a blue apron and long rubber boots is dragging a flotation device from a lengthy row of flotation devices .	A man wearing work sportswear and boots is working on a flotation device .
entailment	A worker is preparing fishes to be sold at a marketplace .	A persons is working at a market .
entailment	A worker is preparing fishes to be selling at a markets .	A individuals is working at a marketplace .
entailment	A worker is preparing fish to be selling at a marketplace .	A person is working at a marketplace .
entailment	A group of kid is splashing in deep water nearby a rock formation .	The miners are in deep water
entailment	A group of miner is splashing in deep water vicinity a rock formation .	The juvenile are in deep water
entailment	A group of underage is splashing in deep water vicinity a rock formation .	The child are in deep water
entailment	A male with an afro and bandanna playing electrified guitar .	the guy with the afro is play on the guitar
entailment	A man with an afro and bandanna play electrified guitar .	the guy with the afro is playing on the guitar
entailment	A man with an afro and bandanna play electricity guitar .	the guy with the afro is playing on the guitar
entailment	A men wearing a striped shirt has a camera slung over his shoulder .	The males with the stripped shirt is carrying a camera on his organ .
entailment	A masculine wearing a striped shirt has a camera slung over his shoulder .	The man with the stripped shirt is carry a camera on his body .
entailment	A male wearing a striped shirt has a camera slung over his shoulder .	The men with the stripped shirt is carry a camera on his organ .
entailment	A miner ladies squatting at hillside sipping on a drank the other one with the white purses is discussions photographing .	Young women are outdoors .
entailment	A youth ladies squatting at hillside sipping on a drank the other one with the white pockets is conversations photographing .	Young women are outdoors .
entailment	A teen ladies squatting at hillside sipping on a drank the other one with the white bag is conversations photo .	Young females are outdoors .
entailment	A bird is perched on a line of some sort attached to a poles .	A poultry is standing on a poles line .
entailment	A poultry is perched on a line of some sorted attached to a pole .	A bird is standing on a pole line .
entailment	A poultry is perched on a line of some kinds attached to a pole .	A fowl is standing on a poles line .
entailment	A teen boy wearing a suit and top hat is holding hands with a daughter in a green dress .	the boy is wearing officially clothes
entailment	A teen boy wearing a suit and top hat is holding hands with a girl in a green dress .	the boy is wearing formally clothes
entailment	A youthful boy wearing a suit and top hat is holding hands with a daughter in a green dress .	the boy is wearing official clothes
entailment	a boy in a beige shirt is slumber in a cars .	A individuals is in a vehicle
entailment	a boy in a beige shirt is sleep in a cars .	A persons is in a vehicle
entailment	a boy in a beige shirt is sleep in a vehicles .	A persons is in a vehicle
entailment	Two boys in front of a soda machine .	Two boys are at a machine .
entailment	Two boys in front of a soda machine .	Two boys are at a machine .
entailment	Two boys in front of a soda machine .	Two boys are at a machine .
entailment	A women with a green headscarf , blue shirt and a very big grin .	The woman is very happy .
entailment	A females with a green headscarf , blue shirt and a very heavy grin .	The female is very happy .
entailment	A women with a green headscarf , blue shirt and a very heavy grin .	The women is very happy .
entailment	Man walking a petite pug .	A males is near a dog .
entailment	Man walking a small pug .	A males is near a dog .
entailment	Man walking a little pug .	A man is near a dog .
entailment	Three people sitting on a tables , one female is speaking , and people are listening to them .	Two people are listening to the other persons on the tables speak .
entailment	Three people sitting on a table , one females is speaking , and people are listening to them .	Two people are listening to the other persons on the tables speak .
entailment	Three people sitting on a tables , one woman is speaking , and people are listening to them .	Two people are listening to the other persons on the table speak .
entailment	a mountaineer wearing a red headband is pulling himself up some gray rocks high above some green foliage .	A climber pulls himself up some rocks
entailment	a mountaineer wearing a red headband is pulling himself up some gray rocks high above some green foliage .	A mountaineer pulls itself up some rocks
entailment	a mountaineer wearing a red headband is pulling himself up some grey rocks high above some green foliage .	A climber pulls himself up some rocks
entailment	A adolescent hugs a birdhouse .	There is a teenage and a birdhouse .
entailment	A underage hugs a birdhouse .	There is a adolescent and a birdhouse .
entailment	A teenaged hugs a birdhouse .	There is a youths and a birdhouse .
entailment	The teenagers lady is giving the outdated men a hug .	The lady is giving the elder male a hug .
entailment	The minor dame is giving the aging males a hug .	The dame is giving the age male a hug .
entailment	The teen lady is giving the ancient mens a hug .	The lady is giving the antique male a hug .
entailment	An Asian women attired in a black blouse and knee lengths undergarments is waling across a wet street holding a collapsed umbrella .	A person in a blouse
entailment	An Asian female clothed in a black blouse and knee length underpants is waling across a wet street holding a collapsed umbrella .	A persons in a blouse
entailment	An Asian females dressed in a negro blouse and knee lengths underclothes is waling across a wet street holding a collapsed umbrella .	A individuals in a blouse
entailment	Man in plaid shirt sing into mics while playing an audible guitar .	A male is sings .
entailment	Man in plaid shirt sings into microphone while play an acoustics guitar .	A masculine is sing .
entailment	Man in whiskey shirt sings into microphone while playing an audible guitar .	A mens is sung .
entailment	A couple stands at the top of a flight of outside stairs kissing one another .	A couple stands near some stairs .
entailment	A couple stands at the top of a flight of outboard stairs kiss one another .	A couple stands near some stairs .
entailment	A couple stands at the top of a flight of outer stairs kissing one another .	A couple stands near some stairs .
entailment	a mens with a red headband climb a rock cliff looms over greenery .	A mens is outdoors .
entailment	a mens with a red headband climb a rock cliff loom over greenery .	A males is outdoors .
entailment	a male with a red headband climbing a rock cliff looming over greenery .	A mens is outdoors .
entailment	A mens wearing a shite short-sleeved shirt kisses a women wearing a light pink jacket while standing on a public street .	A mens is kiss a woman
entailment	A men wearing a shite short-sleeved shirt kisses a females wearing a light pink jacket while standing on a public street .	A masculine is kissing a woman
entailment	A males wearing a shite short-sleeved shirt kisses a female wearing a light pink jacket while standing on a public street .	A mens is kiss a woman
entailment	A petite boy clocks from his stroller as an ancient boy with a yellow balloon wanders a few steps away in a fair like setting .	A boy has a yellow balloon .
entailment	A petite boy watches from his stroller as an antique boy with a yellow balloon wanders a few steps away in a fair like setting .	A boy has a yellow balloon .
entailment	A little boy clocks from his stroller as an senior boy with a yellow balloon wanders a few steps away in a fair like setting .	A boy has a yellow balloon .
entailment	A females covering her face in laughter at the dinner table .	A women is at a dinner tables .
entailment	A woman covering her face in laughter at the dinner tables .	A woman is at a dinner table .
entailment	A woman covering her face in laughter at the dinner tables .	A woman is at a dinner tables .
entailment	Walkers on a concrete boardwalk under a blue sky .	walkers under a blue sky
entailment	Walkers on a concrete boardwalk under a blue skies .	walkers under a blue sky
entailment	Walkers on a concrete boardwalk under a blue sky .	walkers under a blue sky
entailment	A minors african boy skipping rocks .	There 's a teenage boy with rocks in hand .
entailment	A teen african boy skipping rocks .	There 's a minor boy with rocks in hand .
entailment	A child african boy skipping rocks .	There 's a teen boy with rocks in hand .
entailment	A dog camouflaged in the tall grasses along a rocky shore	The dog is outdoors .
entailment	A dog hiding in the tall grasses along a rocky shore	The dog is outdoors .
entailment	A dog disguised in the tall grasses along a rocky shore	The dog is outdoors .
entailment	A men wearing a blue laboratory coat , safety spectacles , and gloves is working at a little machine with a hefty computers screen .	A man is wearing a coat .
entailment	A males wearing a blue darkroom coat , safety sunglasses , and gloves is working at a small machine with a vast computer screen .	A male is wearing a coat .
entailment	A masculine wearing a blue lab coat , safety glasses , and gloves is working at a little machine with a mammoth computer screen .	A mens is wearing a coat .
entailment	While two pupils are jumping , others in a classroom are sitting or standing .	Two schoolboys jumping in a class .
entailment	While two students are jumping , others in a classroom are sitting or standing .	Two pupil jumping in a class .
entailment	While two student are jumping , others in a classroom are sitting or standing .	Two student jumping in a class .
entailment	A photographed of a female in a black coat standing in front of a mammoth two-paneled picture depicting a females in a gray dress search down with her hand in a pockets .	There are two female in the photo
entailment	A photo of a females in a black coat standing in front of a gigantic two-paneled picture depicting a females in a gray garb quest down with her hand in a purse .	There are two women in the photo
entailment	A images of a female in a negro coat standing in front of a mammoth two-paneled photography depicting a women in a grey attire looking down with her hand in a handbag .	There are two women in the photo
entailment	A females runs on the beach .	There is a individuals jog by the shore .
entailment	A female runs on the beach .	There is a person jogging by the shore .
entailment	A female runs on the beach .	There is a person jog by the shoreline .
entailment	Businessman walking as two arrows point to him .	There is a businessman is walking .
entailment	Businessman walking as two arrows point to him .	There is a businessman is walking .
entailment	Businessman walking as two arrows point to him .	There is a businessman is walking .
entailment	Two official clothed , bald elder women	Two bald females .
entailment	Two officially dressed , bald ancient women	Two bald females .
entailment	Two officially attired , bald elderly women	Two bald female .
entailment	A women with a stroller is passing a man walking a dog .	There are people outboard .
entailment	A women with a stroller is passing a males walking a dog .	There are people outboard .
entailment	A woman with a stroller is passing a male walking a dog .	There are people outdoor .
entailment	A females in a white and red basketball uniformed with the number fifteen on her torso prepares to shoot a free throw .	A women in a white and red basketball standardized .
entailment	A female in a white and red basketball uniform with the number fifteen on her chest prepares to shoot a free throw .	A female in a white and red basketball standardized .
entailment	A women in a white and red basketball uniforms with the number fifteen on her torso prepares to shoot a free throw .	A female in a white and red basketball standardized .
entailment	Two people are play wiffle ball in a suburban areas .	People are playing a variation of baseball .
entailment	Two people are playing wiffle ball in a suburban zone .	People are play a variation of baseball .
entailment	Two people are playing wiffle ball in a suburban zone .	People are play a variation of baseball .
entailment	Two people play badminton .	Two people holding rackets .
entailment	Two people playing badminton .	Two people holding rackets .
entailment	Two people play badminton .	Two people holding rackets .
entailment	Two women wearing ballerina attire are conversing with one another .	Two ballerina are conversations .
entailment	Two females wearing ballerina attire are conversing with one another .	Two ballerina are discussions .
entailment	Two female wearing ballerina attire are conversing with one another .	Two ballerina are conversations .
entailment	Two females wearing ballerina garb are conversing with one another .	Two woman are conversation .
entailment	Two females wearing ballerina garb are conversing with one another .	Two woman are discussions .
entailment	Two females wearing ballerina frock are conversing with one another .	Two women are talking .
entailment	An antiquated men holds up a sign .	A men is holding a sign .
entailment	An older mens holds up a sign .	A man is holding a sign .
entailment	An antique masculine holds up a sign .	A male is holding a sign .
entailment	Several bicyclers are carrying their moped up a grassy hill .	People carrying cycle .
entailment	Several bicyclers are carrying their motorcycle up a grassy hill .	People carry cycling .
entailment	Several bicyclers are carrying their bikes up a grassy hill .	People carry cyclist .
entailment	Bearded black clothed man performer is displaying his skills by swinging a fire line in each hand in arcs .	A sideshow male in a negro costume is performing a ploy with fire for the audience .
entailment	Bearded black attired man performer is displaying his capacity by swinging a fire line in each hand in arcs .	A sideshow mens in a negro costume is performing a trick with fire for the audience .
entailment	Bearded black clothed man performer is displaying his abilities by swinging a fire line in each hand in arcs .	A sideshow men in a negro costume is performing a ploy with fire for the audience .
entailment	A cart of big water containers is in front of two women who are standing as well as two women who are walking down the street .	The cart of water is large .
entailment	A cart of enormous water containers is in front of two women who are standing as well as two females who are walking down the street .	The cart of water is large .
entailment	A cart of jumbo water containers is in front of two female who are standing as well as two women who are walking down the street .	The cart of water is massive .
entailment	A homeless men pushes an overfilled plastic blue shopping cart .	A mens has a shopping cart
entailment	A homeless man pushes an overfilled plastic blue shopping cart .	A male has a shopping cart
entailment	A homeless men pushes an overfilled plastic blue shopping cart .	A males has a shopping cart
entailment	Several male in negro t-shirts and chaps are using with metals rods to smash food that 's lie on a round table with a hole in the centre .	men using metals rods
entailment	Several men in black t-shirts and chap are using with metal rods to smash food that 's lies on a round tables with a hole in the centre .	men using metallic rods
entailment	Several mens in negro t-shirts and cap are using with metallic rods to smash food that 's lurks on a round tables with a hole in the centre .	men using metal rods
entailment	A helmeted men airborne on a motorbikes on a dirt route .	A males ridding his cyclist .
entailment	A helmeted men airborne on a bicycle on a filth road .	A male ridding his mopeds .
entailment	A helmeted men airborne on a bikes on a dirt routes .	A male ridding his cyclist .
entailment	People are riding their bikes down a route .	People have bicycle .
entailment	People are riding their bike down a path .	People have bicycle .
entailment	People are riding their motorcycle down a road .	People have cycling .
entailment	Two woman stand in the street both wearing matching outfits with cop like jackets that say Polotie .	Two women look like Police in similar jackets standing in the street .
entailment	Two females stand in the street both wearing match outfits with police like jackets that say Polotie .	Two women look like Police in similar jackets standing in the street .
entailment	Two women stand in the street both wearing matches outfits with police like jerseys that say Polotie .	Two women look like Police in similar jerseys standing in the street .
entailment	Women play volleyball in the sand near the marina .	Women play a sport
entailment	Women play volleyball in the sand near the maritime .	Women playing a sport
entailment	Women play volleyball in the sand near the marines .	Women play a sport
entailment	There are two minors , a soccer ball , a dog and a goat outer in a field .	Two underage are in a field .
entailment	There are two teens , a soccer ball , a dog and a goat outside in a field .	Two youngsters are in a field .
entailment	There are two minors , a soccer ball , a dog and a goat outboard in a field .	Two teenage are in a field .
entailment	Two women look at a tables with several item on it in some kinds of market that others are currently studying .	two woman are looking
entailment	Two females look at a tables with several item on it in some sorted of markets that others are currently vessels .	two woman are looking
entailment	Two females look at a table with varied items on it in some sort of market that others are currently investigate .	two women are looking
entailment	A man juggles a flaming staff in the dark .	A men juggling .
entailment	A males juggles a flaming staff in the dark .	A masculine juggling .
entailment	A mens juggles a flaming staff in the dark .	A masculine juggling .
entailment	an aging cobbler in his factory	The shoemaker is internal .
entailment	an seniors cobbler in his factory	The shoemaker is inland .
entailment	an elders cobbler in his factory	The cobbler is indoor .
entailment	A male in a grassy field throws a stick for a grouping of three brown dogs .	A men is play with dogs .
entailment	A males in a grassy field throws a stick for a panel of three brown dogs .	A men is playing with dogs .
entailment	A males in a grassy field throws a stick for a groups of three brown dogs .	A males is playing with dogs .
entailment	A player on the red soccer team has just scored a targets while the opposed team clocks the ball go in .	A soccer player scored a purposes .
entailment	A player on the red soccer team has just scored a target while the opposing team clocks the ball go in .	A soccer player scored a goal .
entailment	A player on the red soccer team has just scored a intent while the oppose team watches the ball go in .	A soccer player scored a purposes .
entailment	A masculine wearing a gray shirt and pink wristband plays the drum .	a men in a gray shirt and pink wristband plays drums
entailment	A males wearing a gray shirt and pink wristband plays the drum .	a masculine in a grey shirt and pink wristband plays drums
entailment	A masculine wearing a grey shirt and pink wristband plays the drum .	a males in a grey shirt and pink wristband plays drums
entailment	A female wearing a straw hat is sitting among a variety of differing foods while holding a drink .	A female is sitting near food .
entailment	A female wearing a straw hat is sitting among a variety of many foods while holding a drink .	A women is sitting near food .
entailment	A women wearing a straw hat is sitting among a variety of varied foods while holding a drink .	A females is sitting near food .
entailment	An Asian dame is holding a cup and sitting in front of a table covered in assorted foods .	There is a table next to a dame .
entailment	An Asian lady is holding a cup and sitting in front of a tables cover in varying foods .	There is a table next to a lady .
entailment	An Asian lady is holding a cup and sitting in front of a tables cover in different foods .	There is a tables next to a lady .
entailment	A females records a paper notices to a board .	A female taping something to a board .
entailment	A female registering a paper notices to a board .	A women register something to a board .
entailment	A woman registering a paper notice to a board .	A females registers something to a board .
entailment	A males sits on his throne behind the drum .	A masculine is behind some drums .
entailment	A masculine sits on his throne behind the drums .	A man is behind some drumming .
entailment	A men sits on his throne behind the drumming .	A man is behind some drum .
entailment	A toddler is intrigued by a toy lego set in a bookcase .	A kids is interested in a toy .
entailment	A toddler is intrigued by a toy lego set in a bookshop .	A youth is interested in a toy .
entailment	A toddler is intrigued by a toy lego set in a librarian .	A juvenile is interested in a toy .
entailment	A red hot airways balloon lands in a field among a crowd .	A hot planes balloon is making a landing .
entailment	A red hot aircraft balloon lands in a field among a crowd .	A hot airliner balloon is making a landing .
entailment	A red hot aeroplane balloon lands in a field among a crowd .	A hot aircraft balloon is making a landing .
entailment	A mom holds her newborns baby .	A person holding a teenagers .
entailment	A mum holds her newborns baby .	A persons holding a youthful .
entailment	A mummy holds her infants baby .	A individuals holding a minor .
entailment	A blond females speaks with a groups of teens dark-haired women students carrying pieces of paper .	A females speaks to other women .
entailment	A blond females speaks with a groups of minors dark-haired female students carrying pieces of paper .	A women speaks to other woman .
entailment	A blond female speaks with a panel of teen dark-haired females pupils carry pieces of paper .	A women speaks to other woman .
entailment	A teenager boy wearing a red shirt runs along a gravel routes .	A boy is outdoors .
entailment	A youth boy wearing a red shirt runs along a gravel road .	A boy is outdoors .
entailment	A teen boy wearing a red shirt runs along a gravel routes .	A boy is outdoors .
entailment	A woman in a burgundy coat exits Trader Joe 's with a cart full of groceries .	a female outside
entailment	A female in a burgundy coat exits Trader Joe 's with a cart full of groceries .	a females outside
entailment	A females in a burgundy coat exits Trader Joe 's with a cart full of groceries .	a women outside
entailment	A women is walking with a full shopping cart away from a Trader Joe 's .	A woman is walking away from Trader Joe 's with a full shopping cart .
entailment	A women is walking with a full shopping cart away from a Trader Joe 's .	A women is walking away from Trader Joe 's with a full shopping cart .
entailment	A women is walking with a full shopping cart away from a Trader Joe 's .	A women is walking away from Trader Joe 's with a full shopping cart .
entailment	A savings worker looking with a flashlight under a slab in a ruined building .	A worker searching a ruined building .
entailment	A rescue worker search with a flashlight under a slab in a ruined building .	A worker quest a ruined building .
entailment	A savings worker looking with a flashlight under a slab in a ruined building .	A worker searches a ruined building .
entailment	A blond female speaks with a panels of teenaged dark-haired women pupil carrying pieces of paper .	A blond speaks with a panel of children dark-haired female students carrying pieces of paper .
entailment	A blond woman speaks with a group of adolescent dark-haired females student carry pieces of paper .	A blond speaks with a group of minor dark-haired female schoolchildren carrying pieces of paper .
entailment	A blond women speaks with a panel of teens dark-haired female pupil carry pieces of paper .	A blond speaks with a group of minor dark-haired females students carry pieces of paper .
entailment	A firefighting searching for something using a flashlight .	An zone is lighted up by flashlight .
entailment	A firefighters searching for something using a flashlight .	An area is lit up by flashlight .
entailment	A firefighters looking for something using a flashlight .	An areas is lit up by flashlight .
entailment	A firefighting quest for something using a flashlight .	A firefighting is in the dark .
entailment	A fireman searches for something using a flashlight .	A firemen is in the dark .
entailment	A firemen looking for something using a flashlight .	A firefighting is in the dark .
entailment	A firefighting with a neon helmet and a pickaxe inspected some debris with a flashlight .	A firefighter with an hatchet looks at some debris .
entailment	A firefighters with a neon helmet and a pickaxe exam some debris with a flashlight .	A fireman with an axe looks at some debris .
entailment	A firemen with a neon helmet and a pickaxe inspect some debris with a flashlight .	A firefighting with an ax looks at some debris .
entailment	A dark-haired masculine in a black standardized is speaking to a man wearing a black jacket and negro helmet on a motorbikes .	A men in a uniforms is talking to another males .
entailment	A dark-haired men in a black standardized is speaking to a man wearing a negro jacket and black helmet on a motorbike .	A males in a uniformed is discussions to another masculine .
entailment	A dark-haired masculine in a negro uniforms is speaking to a mens wearing a black jacket and black helmet on a cycle .	A men in a uniform is talking to another man .
entailment	There is a man poking a lengthy stick up towards the ceiling .	The male is holding a stick .
entailment	There is a masculine poking a long stick up toward the cap .	The masculine is holding a stick .
entailment	There is a males poking a long stick up towards the ceilings .	The males is holding a stick .
entailment	A masculine is sitting at a restaurant tables outdoors .	A males is exterior .
entailment	A man is sitting at a restaurant table outdoors .	A masculine is outboard .
entailment	A men is sitting at a restaurant table outdoors .	A men is exterior .
entailment	Young adolescents waving American flags for a soldier	Children are waving flags .
entailment	Young juveniles waving American flags for a soldier	Children are waving flags .
entailment	Young teens waving American flags for a soldier	Children are waving flags .
entailment	The women in the black shirt hands papers to the child surrounding her .	Someone giving out paper .
entailment	The female in the negro shirt hands papers to the underage surrounding her .	Someone giving out paper .
entailment	The woman in the black shirt hands papers to the teenager surrounding her .	Someone giving out paper .
entailment	A man in a helmet and protected gear driving a go kart , numbered 65 , on a narrow paved paths .	A masculine drive a go kart , numbered 65 , on a restrained paved routing .
entailment	A male in a helmet and protective gear drives a go kart , numbered 65 , on a narrow paved pathway .	A male drive a go kart , numbered 65 , on a limited paved routing .
entailment	A male in a helmet and defensive gear driving a go kart , numbered 65 , on a confined paved pathway .	A males drives a go kart , numbered 65 , on a confined paved route .
entailment	A petite children in a red jacket is sitting on a men 's shoulders and holding his head .	The child 's hands are on the masculine 's head .
entailment	A petite smaller in a red jacket is sitting on a men 's shoulders and holding his head .	The teenager 's hands are on the men 's head .
entailment	A small juveniles in a red jacket is sitting on a mens 's shoulders and holding his head .	The juveniles 's hands are on the men 's head .
entailment	Four youths and an antique man and women playing in water just up to the bottom of masculine 's swim trunks .	A grouping of people are playing in the water .
entailment	Four minor and an elderly man and female playing in water just up to the bottom of men 's swimming trunks .	A groups of people are play in the water .
entailment	Four teens and an aged males and women play in water just up to the bottom of masculine 's swimming trunks .	A group of people are playing in the water .
entailment	A zaftig female in a pipe top and jeans dances outdoors , with a guitarist behind her .	A women is dances .
entailment	A zaftig female in a tubing top and jeans dance outdoors , with a guitarist behind her .	A women is dancing .
entailment	A zaftig woman in a tubing top and jeans dancing outdoors , with a guitarist behind her .	A woman is dance .
entailment	A women wearing a ball chap squats down to touch the cracked earth .	A squatting females wearing a hat touching the ground .
entailment	A females wearing a ball ceiling squats down to touching the cracked earth .	A squatting female wearing a hat touch the ground .
entailment	A women wearing a ball caps squats down to touch the cracked earth .	A squatting woman wearing a hat touch the ground .
entailment	People waiting to crossed the street on the side of a pavement .	People are wait to crossing the street .
entailment	People waiting to crossed the street on the side of a sidewalk .	People are wait to crossing the street .
entailment	People wait to crossed the street on the side of a pavement .	People are waiting to cross the street .
entailment	Little daughters blows bubbles in a public square .	Little daughter blows bubbles .
entailment	Little girl blows bubbles in a public squares .	Little girls blows bubbles .
entailment	Little daughter blows bubbles in a public square .	Little girl blows bubbles .
entailment	An antique gentlemen looks at the camera while he is building a deck .	A mankind looks at the camera while building something .
entailment	An antique gentleman looks at the camera while he is building a deck .	A mankind looks at the camera while building something .
entailment	An elders gentleman looks at the camera while he is building a deck .	A humanity looks at the camera while building something .
entailment	An elders gentleman looks at the camera while he is building a deck .	An older gentlemen in overalls looks at the camera while he is building a stained red deck in front of a house .
entailment	An old gentlemen looks at the camera while he is building a deck .	An aging gentlemen in overalls looks at the camera while he is building a stained red deck in front of a housing .
entailment	An antiquated gentlemen looks at the camera while he is building a deck .	An outdated gentleman in overalls looks at the camera while he is building a stained red deck in front of a house .
entailment	Group of minors grownups posing for images near spanish-language sign .	The people are near a sign .
entailment	Group of adolescents grownup posing for photograph near spanish-language sign .	The people are near a sign .
entailment	Group of youngsters adult posing for images near spanish-language sign .	The people are near a sign .
entailment	two shirtless male jumping over a street rail , probably practicing new dance moves .	Two mens without shirts are jumping in the street .
entailment	two shirtless male jumping over a street rail , probably practicing newer dances moves .	Two man without shirts are jumping in the street .
entailment	two shirtless males jumping over a street rail , probably practise new dancing moves .	Two males without shirts are jumping in the street .
entailment	A boy plays with a motorized cars next to a dirty street lined with actual autos .	a boy played in the streets with his motorized vehicles .
entailment	A boy plays with a motorized car next to a dirty street lined with actual car .	a boy played in the streets with his motorized cars .
entailment	A boy plays with a motorized cars next to a dirty street lined with real cars .	a boy played in the streets with his motorized cars .
entailment	The petite adolescence is wearing winter apparel and a hat .	The little teens is dressed for winter .
entailment	The petite youths is wearing winter garments and a hat .	The little minor is clothed for winter .
entailment	The petite teenager is wearing winter clothes and a hat .	The petite kids is clothed for winter .
entailment	A little white curly-haired dog runs across the sidewalk with a stick in its mouth .	A dog runs with a stick in his mouth .
entailment	A small white curly-haired dog runs across the sidewalk with a stick in its mouth .	A dog runs with a stick in his mouth .
entailment	A petite white curly-haired dog runs across the sidewalk with a stick in its mouth .	A dog runs with a stick in his mouth .
entailment	A child white males in running gear is jogging by the water .	A male is drills by water .
entailment	A teenage white male in running gear is jogging by the water .	A male is exercises by water .
entailment	A kids white masculine in running gear is jog by the water .	A mens is exercise by water .
entailment	A kid girls with water wings leaps into a crowded pool	There are people in a pool .
entailment	A underage girl with water wings leaps into a crowded pool	There are people in a pool .
entailment	A adolescents girls with water wings leaps into a crowded pool	There are people in a pool .
entailment	Girl in red jumping up	The girl in red is in the planes .
entailment	Girl in red jumping up	The girls in red is in the airplanes .
entailment	Girl in red jumping up	The girls in red is in the airways .
entailment	A boy wearing a helmet is jumping his skateboard .	A boy is jumping his skateboard
entailment	A boy wearing a helmet is jumping his skateboard .	A boy is jumping his skateboard
entailment	A boy wearing a helmet is jumping his skateboard .	A boy is jumping his skateboard
entailment	A female is walking her dog along a snow ground .	A female is with her dog outside .
entailment	A woman is walking her dog along a snowy ground .	A woman is with her dog outdoor .
entailment	A women is walking her dog along a snow ground .	A female is with her dog exterior .
entailment	3 ladies with digit on their shirts running .	There are ladies running .
entailment	3 ladies with numbers on their shirts running .	There are ladies running .
entailment	3 ladies with numbers on their shirts running .	There are ladies running .
entailment	A middle-aged masculine in a green jacket is conversations to another middle-aged males in a light blue tee-shirt .	Two aged friends catching up with each other .
entailment	A middle-aged man in a green jacket is conversations to another middle-aged men in a light blue tee-shirt .	Two seniors friends catching up with each other .
entailment	A middle-aged men in a green jacket is discussions to another middle-aged mens in a light blue tee-shirt .	Two old friends catching up with each other .
entailment	A middle-aged man in a green jacket is conversation to another middle-aged male in a light blue tee-shirt .	Older male with green jacket conversing with another mens .
entailment	A middle-aged mens in a green jacket is conversations to another middle-aged male in a light blue tee-shirt .	Older masculine with green jacket conversing with another male .
entailment	A middle-aged males in a green jacket is conversations to another middle-aged mens in a light blue tee-shirt .	Older men with green jacket conversing with another masculine .
entailment	A males in a blue shirt was arguing with a men in a green jacket and began to raise his fist in anger .	a males argues with another who is making menacing jeastures
entailment	A men in a blue shirt was arguing with a male in a green jacket and began to raise his fist in anger .	a males argues with another who is making menacing jeastures
entailment	A masculine in a blue shirt was arguing with a male in a green jacket and started to raise his fist in anger .	a male argues with another who is making menacing jeastures
entailment	A men in a blue shirt was arguing with a masculine in a green jacket and launched to raise his fist in anger .	a male argues with another who is raising his fist
entailment	A masculine in a blue shirt was arguing with a man in a green jacket and begin to raise his fist in anger .	a mens argues with another who is raising his fist
entailment	A man in a blue shirt was arguing with a masculine in a green jacket and launches to raise his fist in anger .	a masculine argues with another who is raising his fist
entailment	This women is snowboarding down a snow hill .	This women is on a hill .
entailment	This females is skiing down a snow hill .	This female is on a hill .
entailment	This woman is skiing down a snowy hill .	This women is on a hill .
entailment	A lady sitting on a bench with a book on her lap with a boy and daughters on either side of her .	A women and two youngsters next to each other .
entailment	A dame sitting on a bench with a book on her lap with a boy and girls on either side of her .	A females and two adolescents next to each other .
entailment	A lady sitting on a bench with a book on her lap with a boy and girl on either side of her .	A women and two young next to each other .
entailment	A minors blows a whistling and wears white face paintings , earmuffs , and a yellow hat while another miners clocks .	A persons in face paint
entailment	A young blows a whistling and wears white face paints , earmuffs , and a yellow hat while another young watches .	A persons in face paint
entailment	A children blows a whistle and wears white face paintings , earmuffs , and a yellow hat while another adolescence clocks .	A persons in face paint
entailment	A grouping of people are riding down a roller coaster that appears to be called the `` Cyclone . ''	A photographer of people enjoying themselves at an amusement park .
entailment	A group of people are riding down a roller coaster that appears to be called the `` Cyclone . ''	A pictures of people enjoying themselves at an entertainment park .
entailment	A groups of people are riding down a roller coaster that appears to be called the `` Cyclone . ''	A photo of people enjoying themselves at an amusement park .
entailment	Small daughters in a pink garb is play electronic drums pads with sticks .	the girls is wearing pink colours frok
entailment	Small girl in a pink dress is play electronic drum pads with sticks .	the girls is wearing pink colours frok
entailment	Small girl in a pink frock is playing electronic drum pads with sticks .	the girls is wearing pink color frok
entailment	Small daughters in a pink frock is playing electronic drum pads with sticks .	a daughters is play electronic drums
entailment	Small daughter in a pink attire is playing electronic drums pads with sticks .	a girls is play electronic drums
entailment	Small daughters in a pink dress is playing electronic drum pads with sticks .	a daughters is playing electronic drums
entailment	A stoplight displaying two motorbikes symbols , a left-turning green arrow and a red forward signaling stands in the foreground while a masculine in a white hat and blue shirt cyclist along a red paths .	This masculine is outside .
entailment	A stoplight displaying two motorcycle symbols , a left-turning green arrow and a red forward signalling stands in the foreground while a males in a white hat and blue shirt cyclist along a red routing .	This masculine is outboard .
entailment	A stoplight displaying two biking symbols , a left-turning green arrow and a red forwards signals stands in the foreground while a men in a white hat and blue shirt moped along a red road .	This male is outboard .
entailment	The masculine is throwing a toy to a brown and negro dog in the park .	A males and a dog are at a park .
entailment	The mens is throwing a toy to a brown and negro dog in the park .	A masculine and a dog are at a park .
entailment	The mens is throwing a toy to a brown and negro dog in the park .	A males and a dog are at a park .
entailment	The male is throwing a toy to a brown and black dog in the park .	A males and a dog are at a dog park .
entailment	The men is throwing a toy to a brown and negro dog in the park .	A male and a dog are at a dog park .
entailment	The men is throwing a toy to a brown and negro dog in the park .	A men and a dog are at a dog park .
entailment	The teenager Asian woman is using an umbrella , and is in front of a brightly colored patch of flowering in the back .	A female is using a hefty umbrella .
entailment	The smaller Asian females is using an umbrella , and is in front of a brightly colored patch of flowering in the back .	A female is using a mammoth umbrella .
entailment	The teens Asian female is using an umbrella , and is in front of a brightly colored patch of flowers in the back .	A female is using a massive umbrella .
entailment	The smaller Asian woman is using an umbrella , and is in front of a brightly colored patch of flowering in the back .	A females is using an umbrella .
entailment	The smaller Asian females is using an umbrella , and is in front of a brightly colored patch of flowers in the back .	A female is using an umbrella .
entailment	The youths Asian females is using an umbrella , and is in front of a brightly colored patch of flower in the back .	A woman is using an umbrella .
entailment	A women with a vest and red shirt is holding her hand up above a negro and white dog that is jumping .	The females is wearing a vest .
entailment	A women with a vest and red shirt is holding her hand up above a negro and white dog that is jumping .	The female is wearing a vest .
entailment	A females with a vest and red shirt is holding her hand up above a black and white dog that is jumping .	The females is wearing a vest .
entailment	A boy making an `` oh ! '' face in front of a bay .	A youth is at the bay .
entailment	A boy making an `` oh ! '' face in front of a bay .	A adolescence is at the bay .
entailment	A boy making an `` oh ! '' face in front of a bay .	A kid is at the bay .
entailment	Three men in hats and a females in a red shirt explores the produce presented to them by the men in the blue shirt and white hat .	Three masculine adn a females look at produce
entailment	Three male in hats and a women in a red shirt studied the produce presented to them by the males in the blue shirt and white hat .	Three mens adn a female look at produce
entailment	Three man in hats and a female in a red shirt browsing the produce presented to them by the male in the blue shirt and white hat .	Three masculine adn a female look at produce
entailment	A miner boy walks on a pipes that stretches over water .	A boy is walking outdoor .
entailment	A teenagers boy walks on a pipes that stretches over water .	A boy is walking outboard .
entailment	A teenaged boy walks on a pipe that stretches over water .	A boy is walking outer .
entailment	Two teenaged are sitting on a white blanket , while the other adolescents is sitting in the filth .	two adolescence are together
entailment	Two teen are sitting on a white blanket , while the other youthful is sitting in the filth .	two teenage are together
entailment	Two young are sitting on a white blanket , while the other miner is sitting in the dirt .	two teens are together
entailment	The red motocross motorcycle and its rider are airborne above the trees .	A rider is riding his motocross moped .
entailment	The red motocross cycle and its rider are airborne above the trees .	A rider is riding his motocross moped .
entailment	The red motocross mopeds and its rider are airborne above the tree .	A rider is riding his motocross mopeds .
entailment	3 people on plains sailing smiling towards the camera .	3 smiling people on a boat
entailment	3 people on plains navigator smiling toward the camera .	3 smiling people on a boat
entailment	3 people on plain ships smiling towards the camera .	3 smiling people on a boat
entailment	3 people on plains studied smiling towards the camera .	3 boating people being videotaped taped .
entailment	3 people on plains studying smiling towards the camera .	3 boating people being videotaping taped .
entailment	3 people on plains sail smiling towards the camera .	3 boating people being videotapes taped .
entailment	A crowd of people fills the street in front of a McDonald 's .	There is a crowd outdoor the restaurant .
entailment	A crowd of people filling the street in front of a McDonald 's .	There is a crowd exterior the restaurant .
entailment	A crowd of people filling the street in front of a McDonald 's .	There is a crowd exterior the restaurant .
entailment	A juvenile , well-dressed black males seated behind a drumming set and smiling .	a males is smiling
entailment	A miner , well-dressed black mens seated behind a drums set and smiling .	a male is smiling
entailment	A minor , well-dressed negro males seated behind a drum set and smiling .	a mens is smiling
entailment	A guy is attempting to perform a skateboard trick while jumping over part of a white building in an try to land on the concrete outside .	The guy is a skateboarder .
entailment	A guy is attempting to perform a skateboarding ploy while jumping over part of a white building in an try to land on the concrete outer .	The guy is a skateboarder .
entailment	A guy is attempting to perform a skateboarding trick while jumping over part of a white building in an try to land on the concrete exterior .	The guy is a skateboarder .
entailment	This persons looks to be skiing on a very little pile of snow on a sunny chilly day .	Young snowboarder size up their next jump
entailment	This person looks to be snowboard on a very small pile of snow on a sunny chilly day .	Young snowboarder size up their next jump
entailment	This person looks to be snowboarding on a very petite piling of snow on a sunny chilly day .	Young snowboarder sizing up their next jump
entailment	A person , in a striped blue shirt and pants , is running along .	The persons is running
entailment	A persons , in a striped blue shirt and breeches , is running along .	The individuals is running
entailment	A persons , in a striped blue shirt and slacks , is running along .	The individuals is running
entailment	A male looks purpose while sculpting a gargoyle .	The males is working on art .
entailment	A man looks targeting while sculpting a gargoyle .	The men is working on art .
entailment	A males looks purpose while sculpting a gargoyle .	The masculine is working on art .
entailment	A males sitting and a woman laying in his lap kissing each other .	A males sitting and females laying in his lap .
entailment	A mens sitting and a female laying in his lap kiss each other .	A men sitting and woman laying in his lap .
entailment	A male sitting and a females laying in his lap kissing each other .	A men sitting and woman laying in his lap .
entailment	A masculine performing automobile mend in front of a building .	The man is fixing a motors .
entailment	A masculine performing car repairing in front of a building .	The male is fixing a auto .
entailment	A masculine performing automobiles repairs in front of a building .	The mens is fixing a motors .
entailment	People on a nature walk with nets and backpacks with trees to the left of them .	People walking through nature .
entailment	People on a nature walk with nets and backpacks with tree to the left of them .	People walking through nature .
entailment	People on a nature walk with nets and backpacks with tree to the left of them .	People walking through nature .
entailment	A males holding a yellow surfboard facing the marines .	A males is holding a surfboard .
entailment	A men holding a yellow surfboard facing the navy .	A males is holding a surfboard .
entailment	A masculine holding a yellow surfboard facing the oceanic .	A males is holding a surfboard .
entailment	A children boy in green shorts balances on a pipes above a river .	A person balancing .
entailment	A youths boy in green shorts balance on a piping above a river .	A person balances .
entailment	A juvenile boy in green shorts balances on a pipes above a river .	A person balance .
entailment	A water scene with a sunset in the background .	There is a water scene with the sunset in the back .
entailment	A water scene with a sunset in the background .	There is a water scene with the sunset in the back .
entailment	A water scene with a sunset in the background .	There is a water scene with the sunset in the back .
entailment	The masculine is performing a trick on a bicycle high in the airline .	A man is performing a ploy on a bicycles .
entailment	The man is performing a trick on a bicycle high in the airplane .	A man is performing a trick on a motorbikes .
entailment	The mens is performing a ploy on a bicycle high in the airliner .	A masculine is performing a trick on a cyclist .
entailment	A wakeboarder .	A individuals with a wakeboard .
entailment	A wakeboarder .	A individuals with a wakeboard .
entailment	A wakeboarder .	A persons with a wakeboard .
entailment	A blond female wearing a pearl bracelet is about to kissing a masculine wearing a white shirt .	Two people are going to kissing .
entailment	A blond women wearing a pearl bracelet is approximately to kiss a masculine wearing a white shirt .	Two people are going to kiss .
entailment	A blond women wearing a perla bracelet is roughly to kiss a men wearing a white shirt .	Two people are going to kissing .
entailment	A minors man waring black and carrying a skateboarding looks at an outside skateboarding park .	A guy with a skateboard is searching at a park to skateboarding .
entailment	A juvenile males waring negro and carrying a skateboarding looks at an exterior skateboard park .	A guy with a skateboard is search at a park to skateboard .
entailment	A youth mens waring negro and carry a skateboard looks at an outboard skateboard park .	A guy with a skateboard is searching at a park to skateboarding .
entailment	Two masculine at a fish markets filled with boxes of fishes and freshly cutting fillets examining a weigh scaling .	Two males work at a marketplace .
entailment	Two men at a fish markets filled with boxes of fish and freshly cut fillets shipping a weighing scale .	Two masculine work at a markets .
entailment	Two masculine at a fish markets filled with boxes of fish and freshly chop fillets probing a weights scaling .	Two mens work at a markets .
entailment	A child men wearing a green shirt and a hat attempts a trick on a skateboard while riding it in a skating park next to a beach .	There is a persons skateboard .
entailment	A minor male wearing a green shirt and a hat attempts a ploy on a skateboard while riding it in a skate park next to a beach .	There is a individuals skateboarding .
entailment	A miners male wearing a green shirt and a hat attempts a ploy on a skateboard while riding it in a skate park next to a beach .	There is a persons skateboard .
entailment	an asian males in a black tracksuit is watching student doing exercised on basketball courts .	people excercise on court
entailment	an asian mens in a negro tracksuit is watching students doing exercised on basketball court .	people excercise on court
entailment	an asian masculine in a black tracksuit is watching student doing exercised on basketball courts .	people excercise on court
entailment	Four males wearing orange vests are putting in a steel beam on the ground .	Humans in orange
entailment	Four man wearing orange vests are putting in a steel beam on the ground .	Humans in orange
entailment	Four men wearing orange vests are putting in a steel beam on the ground .	Humans in orange
entailment	A females in a fur lined scotch purple jacket stands by a tables full of eating minor .	A females wears a bourbon jacket as she stands near teenage sitting at a tables .
entailment	A woman in a fur lined scotsman purple jacket stands by a tables full of eating teenager .	A female wears a scottish jacket as she stands near teenaged sitting at a table .
entailment	A female in a fur lined scotsman purple jacket stands by a table full of eating adolescent .	A woman wears a scotsman jacket as she stands near minor sitting at a table .
entailment	The baseball gamers near the pitch mound are celebrating as the batsman walks away .	The batsman is on a various team than the others around the pitch mound .
entailment	The baseball players near the pitch mound are celebrating as the batsman walks away .	The batsman is on a varying team than the others around the pitch mound .
entailment	The baseball players near the pitching mound are celebrating as the batsman walks away .	The batsman is on a various team than the others around the pitch mound .
entailment	The blond teenager men who had been splattered with paint colour of blue , orange , and green held up his camera to take a photos .	A masculine covered in paint takes a picture .
entailment	The blond teenage men who had been splattered with painting colour of blue , orange , and green held up his camera to take a photo .	A masculine covered in paints takes a photograph .
entailment	The blond smaller male who had been splattered with paints colors of blue , orange , and green held up his camera to take a picture .	A male cover in paintings takes a picture .
entailment	A man wearing solely a hat , boots , and underwear is walking the pavement with a guitar strapped around his shoulder .	A man wearing solely a hat , boots , and underwear is walking the sidewalk
entailment	A man wearing solely a hat , boots , and underwear is walking the sidewalk with a guitar strapped around his shoulder .	A men wearing solely a hat , boots , and underwear is walking the sidewalk
entailment	A male wearing solely a hat , boots , and underwear is walking the pavement with a guitar strapped around his shoulder .	A male wearing solely a hat , boots , and underwear is walking the sidewalk
entailment	Two juveniles daughter with long brunette hairdo , standing in front of a stone wall playing a games .	Two daughters play a games .
entailment	Two teenagers girls with long brunette hair , standing in front of a stone wall playing a games .	Two girls play a games .
entailment	Two adolescents girls with long brunette hairstyle , standing in front of a stone wall play a game .	Two girls play a game .
entailment	Group of Asians inscription some tapes .	A panel of Asians log a videotaped .
entailment	Group of Asians record some video .	A panels of Asians logs a videotapes .
entailment	Group of Asians taping some videotaped .	A group of Asians tape a video .
entailment	A brunette female holding a small girls attired in pink is kneeling next to a pasture white and brown llama in the foreground of a mountainous community .	A females holds a petite daughters .
entailment	A brunette women holding a little daughters dressed in pink is kneeling next to a grazing white and brown llama in the foreground of a hilly community .	A women holds a small daughters .
entailment	A brunette female holding a little girls clothed in pink is kneeling next to a grazing white and brown llama in the foreground of a mountainous community .	A females holds a little girl .
entailment	Four people and a dog out in the lumber .	There are zoo outdoors .
entailment	Four people and a dog out in the timber .	There are zoo outdoors .
entailment	Four people and a dog out in the wooden .	There are animals outdoors .
entailment	A teenager girl with a purple shirt and a pink hairstyle bands standing near the wood .	A petite daughters is standing outdoor .
entailment	A adolescent daughter with a purple shirt and a pink hairdo band standing near the woods .	A small girls is standing outdoor .
entailment	A juveniles girl with a purple shirt and a pink hair band standing near the woods .	A small girl is standing outdoor .
entailment	A males in a white shirt and baseball hat is pushing a cart carry varied pockets on a street .	A men is walking outside .
entailment	A male in a white shirt and baseball hat is pushing a cart carry myriad sac on a street .	A men is walking outdoor .
entailment	A masculine in a white shirt and baseball hat is pushing a cart carrying varied wallets on a street .	A masculine is walking exterior .
entailment	A men and a teenager painted a post .	The boy and his father making the post look better .
entailment	A mens and a teenager paints a post .	The boy and his fathers making the post look better .
entailment	A mens and a juveniles painting a post .	The boy and his fathers making the post look better .
entailment	White dog high jumping over some pillows .	The dog is jumping over pillows .
entailment	White dog high jumping over some pillows .	The dog is jumping over pillows .
entailment	White dog high jumping over some pillows .	The dog is jumping over pillows .
entailment	A lady with blue jeans and a brown shirt is speaking on her notebook on the second floor of the mall .	the lady is conversations on her phne
entailment	A lady with blue jeans and a brown shirt is speaking on her portable on the second floor of the mall .	the lady is conversation on her phne
entailment	A lady with blue jeans and a brown shirt is speaking on her movable on the second floor of the mall .	the lady is conversations on her phne
entailment	Young boy wearing pjs lurks down in bed and sleeping on a colorful striped pillow .	A miner boy is slept on a pillow .
entailment	Young boy wearing pajamas lie down in bed and slumber on a colorful striped pillow .	A juvenile boy is slumber on a pillow .
entailment	Young boy wearing pajamas lies down in bed and sleeping on a colorful striped pillow .	A teen boy is slumber on a pillow .
entailment	A men , with a full face mask , sits on a pavement playing the guitar .	A males is wearing a mask
entailment	A man , with a full face mask , sits on a pavement play the guitar .	A mens is wearing a mask
entailment	A mens , with a full face mask , sits on a sidewalk playing the guitar .	A mens is wearing a mask
entailment	In front is a guy sing and play guitar and a white shirted drummer in the back .	There are people making music .
entailment	In front is a guy singing and play guitar and a white shirted drummer in the back .	There are people making music .
entailment	In front is a guy sing and play guitar and a white shirted drummer in the back .	There are people making music .
entailment	a dog approximately to leap to catch a Frisbee	The dog is going to catch a frisbee .
entailment	a dog about to jump to catch a Frisbee	The dog is going to catch a frisbee .
entailment	a dog roughly to jump to catch a Frisbee	The dog is going to catch a frisbee .
entailment	A females in orange goggles is playing the drums while speaking into a microphone in front of a massive sign .	A female is playing drumming and speaking at the same time .
entailment	A woman in orange sunglasses is playing the drums while speaking into a microphone in front of a enormous sign .	A woman is play drums and speaking at the identical hourly .
entailment	A female in orange eyeglasses is playing the drum while speaking into a mics in front of a big sign .	A females is playing drumming and speaking at the same times .
entailment	These people are in standardized at a lacrosse type games .	There are people at a lacrosse game .
entailment	These people are in uniform at a lacrosse type game .	There are people at a lacrosse games .
entailment	These people are in uniforms at a lacrosse type games .	There are people at a lacrosse game .
entailment	A couple walking their dog .	A dog is going for a walk .
entailment	A couple walking their dog .	A dog is going for a walk .
entailment	A couple walking their dog .	A dog is going for a walk .
entailment	Two woman and a little daughter are resting with food and drank near a logs in a grassy field under flowers trees .	3 daughter are resting
entailment	Two women and a petite daughters are rest with food and drink near a registering in a grassy field under flowering trees .	3 girls are resting
entailment	Two female and a small girl are rest with food and drank near a recording in a grassy field under flower trees .	3 daughter are resting
entailment	A petite juvenile with a wallets walks down a limited route next to a paint wall .	A little miner is walking on a road
entailment	A small miners with a purses walks down a restrained pathway next to a paint wall .	A small kids is walking on a road
entailment	A small youth with a handbag walks down a confined pathway next to a painting wall .	A little youngsters is walking on a road
entailment	a lady looks surprised .	Something happened that just surprised a women .
entailment	a dame looks surprised .	Something happened that just surprised a females .
entailment	a dame looks surprised .	Something happened that just surprised a female .
entailment	a brown dog with a yellow toy in his mouth is jumping off the grassy ground	A dog is play in the grass .
entailment	a brown dog with a yellow toy in his mouth is jumping off the grassy ground	A dog is play in the grass .
entailment	a brown dog with a yellow toy in his mouth is jumping off the grassy ground	A dog is play in the grass .
entailment	Two man with matches t-shirts fold a towel in the living room .	Two mens are in the living rooms .
entailment	Two male with matching t-shirts fold a towel in the living room .	Two masculine are in the living room .
entailment	Two man with matches t-shirts fold a towel in the living room .	Two masculine are in the living rooms .
entailment	Two man wearing red blazers are searches out over some water and one masculine has yellow headsets on his ears .	The jerseys being worn are red .
entailment	Two masculine wearing red jackets are searches out over some water and one mens has yellow handset on his ears .	The jackets being worn are red .
entailment	Two masculine wearing red jerseys are searching out over some water and one men has yellow earphones on his ears .	The jerseys being worn are red .
entailment	Two males wearing red blazers are search out over some water and one mens has yellow headsets on his ears .	Some men wearing jerseys are searches out over the water and one has headphones in .
entailment	Two males wearing red jackets are search out over some water and one masculine has yellow headphones on his ears .	Some men wearing blazers are searches out over the water and one has headphones in .
entailment	Two male wearing red blazers are searching out over some water and one males has yellow handset on his ears .	Some males wearing jerseys are searching out over the water and one has headset in .
entailment	A bearded mens jumps in the snow with the marina in the background and an orange , recumbent motorcycle parked near a route sign .	A human jumping .
entailment	A bearded mens jumps in the snow with the marina in the background and an orange , recumbent mopeds parked near a routing sign .	A mankind jumping .
entailment	A bearded mens jumps in the snow with the naval in the background and an orange , recumbent bicycle parked near a paths sign .	A humanity jumping .
entailment	A individuals standing next to an antique dark building .	A persons standing near a building .
entailment	A persons standing next to an archaic dark building .	A individuals standing near a building .
entailment	A persons standing next to an older dark building .	A person standing near a building .
entailment	Young people and a minors are walking in the woodland in a sunny day .	Young people and a adolescent are walking in the forest .
entailment	Young people and a juvenile are walking in the woodland in a sunny day .	Young people and a youthful are walking in the forestry .
entailment	Young people and a young are walking in the forests in a sunny day .	Young people and a child are walking in the forester .
entailment	Young people and a kid are walking in the forests in a sunny day .	Young people and a teens are walking on a sunny day .
entailment	Young people and a minors are walking in the forester in a sunny day .	Young people and a teenage are walking on a sunny day .
entailment	Young people and a children are walking in the forester in a sunny day .	Young people and a teenaged are walking on a sunny day .
entailment	Two masculine are wearing caps are searches at the ground with surprised expressions on their confront .	Two males are shocked by what they see .
entailment	Two masculine are wearing chaps are searches at the ground with surprised expressions on their confronts .	Two masculine are shocked by what they see .
entailment	Two mens are wearing cap are searches at the ground with surprised expressions on their faces .	Two male are shocked by what they see .
entailment	A youths enjoying themselves on a yellow slide at a park .	The adolescence are playing on a slide .
entailment	A juveniles enjoying themselves on a yellow slide at a park .	The youths are play on a slide .
entailment	A kid enjoying themselves on a yellow slide at a park .	The underage are playing on a slide .
entailment	A person stands between two giant statues that look like confront .	A mankind is standing between two large objects .
entailment	A individuals stands between two giant statues that look like confronts .	A human is standing between two huge objects .
entailment	A persons stands between two giant statues that look like confronts .	A humanity is standing between two overwhelming objects .
entailment	Two girl wearing hats are running through snow drifts outside .	two girl running
entailment	Two daughter wearing hats are running through snow drifts outboard .	two daughter running
entailment	Two girls wearing hats are running through snow drifts outside .	two daughter running
entailment	Two teenagers minor girls hiking through the snow on a icy winter day .	Teenagers are hiking in the chilly .
entailment	Two youngsters youthful daughters hiking through the snow on a icy winter day .	Teenagers are hiking in the colder .
entailment	Two young teens girl hiking through the snow on a chilly winter day .	Teenagers are hiking in the frigid .
entailment	A performance groups is staged in one joint motion .	There 's a performance panel doing something together .
entailment	A performance panels is staged in one joint motion .	There 's a performance grouping doing something together .
entailment	A performance grouping is staged in one collective motion .	There 's a performance panels doing something together .
entailment	Two minors wearing hooded tops laughing with each other .	children laugh
entailment	Two teenagers wearing hooded tops laughing with each other .	children laugh
entailment	Two youths wearing hooded tops laughing with each other .	children laugh
entailment	A toddler is sitting at the bottom of a slide and smiling .	A youngsters is playing .
entailment	A toddler is sitting at the bottom of a slide and smiling .	A minors is play .
entailment	A toddler is sitting at the bottom of a slide and smiling .	A teens is playing .
entailment	A teens boy is following through on a kick during a soccer games , while two players on the oppose team challenge .	A soccer game is being played .
entailment	A adolescence boy is following through on a kick during a soccer games , while two gamers on the opposing team challenge .	A soccer game is being played .
entailment	A young boy is following through on a kick during a soccer games , while two players on the oppose team challenge .	A soccer game is being played .
entailment	Two male scrimmage in soccer , as a referees looks on .	the ref clocks the two male in the scrimmage game
entailment	Two mens scrimmage in soccer , as a referees looks on .	the ref watches the two mens in the scrimmage game
entailment	Two man scrimmage in soccer , as a umpire looks on .	the ref clocks the two masculine in the scrimmage game
entailment	Four juveniles are playing in some water .	The adolescence are wet .
entailment	Four miner are play in some water .	The juveniles are wet .
entailment	Four adolescence are playing in some water .	The teenaged are wet .
entailment	At an outboard event on a overwhelming tables , varied workers form an assembly line in which they prepare food , with myriad squeeze bottles and dispensers visible and a woman wearing plastic gloves in the foreground .	Workers preparing for a catered events , with several condiments lining the food tables .
entailment	At an outer events on a massive table , myriad workers form an assembly line in which they prepare food , with numerous squeeze bottles and dispensers visible and a females wearing plastic gloves in the foreground .	Workers preparing for a catered events , with varied condiments lining the food tables .
entailment	At an exterior events on a big tables , diverse workers form an assembly line in which they prepare food , with assorted squeeze bottles and dispensers visible and a women wearing plastic gloves in the foreground .	Workers preparing for a catered events , with myriad condiments lining the food tables .
entailment	A panels of three people are digging a immense trench in a yard while another individuals walks close by .	There is a hole in the yard .
entailment	A group of three people are dig a overwhelming trench in a yard while another person walks close by .	There is a hole in the yard .
entailment	A panel of three people are digging a massive trench in a yard while another individuals walks close by .	There is a hole in the yard .
entailment	a breakdancer men is performing for the teens at school	A mens is break dance at a school
entailment	a breakdancer men is performing for the kids at school	A mens is break dances at a school
entailment	a breakdancer man is performing for the teenager at school	A men is break dance at a school
entailment	A miner doing gymnastics	A miners is doing gymnastics .
entailment	A kid doing gymnastics	A teenagers is doing gymnastic .
entailment	A minors doing gymnastics	A minors is doing gymnastic .
entailment	Four youngsters girls playing in the water .	Four girls are in the water .
entailment	Four teenage girl play in the water .	Four daughter are in the water .
entailment	Four teenager girl playing in the water .	Four daughter are in the water .
entailment	A youth girls is playing a musical instrument and sing into a microphone .	A gifted youngsters sing into a mic and plays an instrument .
entailment	A adolescents daughter is play a musical instrument and sings into a microphone .	A talented teenage singing into a mic and plays an instrument .
entailment	A teens daughter is playing a musical instrument and singing into a microphone .	A talented kids sings into a mic and plays an instrument .
entailment	A youthful female with brown hair and an archaic males with gray hair and a sweater jump in the aeroplane on a snow hill with snowshoes on their footing .	A male and a female are playing in the snowy exterior .
entailment	A teen females with brown hairstyle and an elder males with grey hairdo and a jumper jump in the plane on a snowy hill with snowshoes on their feet .	A masculine and a women are play in the snow outer .
entailment	A youthful women with brown hairstyle and an archaic males with gray hairstyle and a sweater jump in the planes on a snowy hill with snowshoes on their footing .	A men and a women are playing in the snowy outboard .
entailment	A teenage females with brown hairstyle and an elders males with gray hairstyle and a jumper jump in the airplanes on a snowy hill with snowshoes on their foot .	A mens and a woman are jumping in the snow .
entailment	A juveniles females with brown hair and an aged masculine with gray hairstyle and a sweater jump in the airlines on a snowy hill with snowshoes on their footing .	A males and a females are jumping in the snowy .
entailment	A minors women with brown hairstyle and an elder masculine with gray hairstyle and a jumper jump in the airways on a snowy hill with snowshoes on their foot .	A male and a women are jumping in the snowy .
entailment	This woman is setting out a vegetable collects for selling in the markets .	A females in her vegetable marketplace .
entailment	This females is setting out a vegetable collecting for sell in the marketplace .	A women in her vegetable marketplace .
entailment	This female is setting out a vegetable collections for sale in the marketplace .	A woman in her vegetable marketplace .
entailment	A couple of females are talking to each other while one is flicking her cigarette .	One of the female is a smokers .
entailment	A couple of women are discussions to each other while one is flicking her cigarette .	One of the woman is a cigarettes .
entailment	A couple of females are conversations to each other while one is flicking her cigarette .	One of the female is a tobacco .
entailment	A surfing is riding a wave in a vast organs of water .	The surfer is surfer .
entailment	A surf is riding a wave in a large bodies of water .	The surfing is surf .
entailment	A surf is riding a wave in a immense agency of water .	The surfing is surfer .
entailment	A surfing on a wave .	A surf catching a swell .
entailment	A surf on a wave .	A surfing catching a swell .
entailment	A surfing on a wave .	A surfer catching a swell .
entailment	A masculine in eyeglasses in a basement .	The cellar has a male in it .
entailment	A masculine in glasses in a basement .	The basement has a men in it .
entailment	A males in spectacles in a basement .	The cellar has a males in it .
entailment	A juveniles men wearing khaki underpants and a check shirt is jumping over large rocks with green mountains and a lagoon in the background .	A masculine is jumping over some rocks near the mountains .
entailment	A underage masculine wearing khaki underclothes and a checks shirt is jumping over huge rocks with green mountains and a lagoon in the background .	A males is jumping over some rocks near the mountains .
entailment	A juveniles male wearing khaki underpants and a checks shirt is jumping over large rocks with green mountains and a lagoon in the background .	A masculine is jumping over some rocks near the mountains .
entailment	A woman sweep in front of a ladder on a busy street .	A women cleans up near a ladder
entailment	A women sweeping in front of a ladder on a busy street .	A female cleans up near a ladder
entailment	A woman sweep in front of a ladder on a busy street .	A women cleans up near a ladder
entailment	A teenage daughter running on grass	The girls is not standing still .
entailment	A teens daughter running on grass	The girl is not standing still .
entailment	A teenage girls running on grass	The daughter is not standing still .
entailment	A balding man with sunglasses stands in front of a colorful display .	A individuals is standing upright .
entailment	A balding mens with eyeglasses stands in front of a colorful display .	A person is standing vertical .
entailment	A balding men with glasses stands in front of a colorful display .	A persons is standing vertical .
entailment	pedestrian walking on the street	A persons walking on the street outside .
entailment	pedestrian walking on the street	A persons walking on the street outer .
entailment	pedestrian walking on the street	A individuals walking on the street outer .
entailment	One males clocks while another breakdances , balancing himself for a moment on one hand .	A masculine breakdances while someone clocks .
entailment	One masculine clocks while another breakdances , balance himself for a moment on one hand .	A masculine breakdances while someone watches .
entailment	One masculine clocks while another breakdances , balance himself for a moment on one hand .	A masculine breakdances while someone watches .
entailment	The men in the black t-shirt is trying to throw something .	The males is in a black shirt .
entailment	The men in the negro t-shirt is trying to throw something .	The masculine is in a negro shirt .
entailment	The males in the black t-shirt is trying to throw something .	The mens is in a negro shirt .
entailment	People orders and picking up food at a restaurant window .	There are people who are about to eat .
entailment	People orders and picking up food at a restaurant window .	There are people who are roughly to eat .
entailment	People order and picking up food at a restaurant window .	There are people who are about to eat .
entailment	A soccer team is standing on the field wait for their periods to make a move .	People are play athletics exterior .
entailment	A soccer team is standing on the field waiting for their times to make a move .	People are play sportsmen exterior .
entailment	A soccer team is standing on the field waiting for their timetable to make a move .	People are play athletes outdoor .
entailment	Several males assistance each other pull in a fishing net .	The men are fishing .
entailment	Several males assists each other pull in a fishing net .	The mens are fishing .
entailment	Several mens assisting each other pull in a fishing netted .	The masculine are fishing .
entailment	The collie is standing outdoors on a sandy sphere .	The collie is standing in the sand .
entailment	The collie is standing outdoors on a sandy zone .	The collie is standing in the sand .
entailment	The collie is standing outdoors on a sandy sphere .	The collie is standing in the sand .
entailment	A grouping of people voyage in a little wooden boats .	Several people sitting in a probing .
entailment	A groups of people travelling in a small wood investigating .	Several people sitting in a explorer .
entailment	A groups of people trip in a petite wooden examine .	Several people sitting in a vessels .
entailment	a dog jumps over the pole .	dog is jumping over a pole
entailment	a dog jumps over the poles .	dog is jumping over a pole
entailment	a dog jumps over the pole .	dog is jumping over a pole
entailment	baseball player dressed in blue with a red helmet at home plate in front of a catcher and umpire swinging a bat	A baseball player is swinging a bat .
entailment	baseball player attired in blue with a red helmet at home plate in front of a catcher and referee swinging a bat	A baseball player is swinging a bat .
entailment	baseball player dressed in blue with a red helmet at home plate in front of a catcher and referees swinging a bat	A baseball player is swinging a bat .
entailment	A toddler sits on a stone wall surrounded by fallen leaves .	A little kid sits quietly on a hand built rock wall in autumn
entailment	A toddler sits on a stone wall surrounded by fallen leaves .	A petite adolescent sits quietly on a hand built rock wall in autumn
entailment	A toddler sits on a stone wall surrounded by fallen leaves .	A petite underage sits quietly on a hand built rock wall in autumn
entailment	A males performer sung and plays the guitar in front of a mics .	A males is singing a song .
entailment	A male performer sung and plays the guitar in front of a mics .	A males is sung a song .
entailment	A males performer sings and plays the guitar in front of a mics .	A male is sing a song .
entailment	A masculine with media lengths curly hairstyle , wearing a button down shirt and bracelets , singing into a mics while he plays a guitar .	A individuals with hair
entailment	A masculine with media length curly hair , wearing a button down shirt and bracelets , sing into a mics while he plays a guitar .	A persons with hair
entailment	A mens with medium length curly hair , wearing a button down shirt and bracelets , singing into a mics while he plays a guitar .	A individuals with hair
entailment	A man in a negro coat and hat and a female in a blue coat with pink hat snowshoeing on the side of a path with a stoplight in the background .	A masculine and woman are outdoor in the snowy .
entailment	A mens in a negro coat and hat and a female in a blue coat with pink hat snowshoeing on the side of a routing with a stoplight in the background .	A mens and women are outboard in the snowy .
entailment	A mens in a negro coat and hat and a females in a blue coat with pink hat snowshoeing on the side of a routing with a stoplight in the background .	A men and women are exterior in the snow .
entailment	A four piece band plays a song on a medium-size stage .	A bands is play music on a stage .
entailment	A four piece bands plays a song on a medium-size stages .	A bands is play music on a stage .
entailment	A four piece band plays a song on a medium-size stages .	A band is play music on a stage .
entailment	Two mens in costumes with fake carrot noses , top hats , goggles and white fur coats that contain white electricity lighting .	People in costumes
entailment	Two males in costumes with fake carrot noses , top hats , glasses and white fur coats that contain white electricity lighting .	People in costumes
entailment	Two masculine in costumes with fake carrot noses , top hats , sunglasses and white fur coats that contain white electrified illumination .	People in costumes
entailment	One miner boy in a yellow long-sleeved shirt and jeans sitting down , with five adult in front of him , one operating a video camera .	An adult using a videotaping camera .
entailment	One juvenile boy in a yellow long-sleeved shirt and jeans sitting down , with five grownup in front of him , one operating a videotaping camera .	An adults using a videotapes camera .
entailment	One kid boy in a yellow long-sleeved shirt and jeans sitting down , with fifth adult in front of him , one operating a video camera .	An adult using a videotapes camera .
entailment	Two males are dressed up as snowmen .	men are clothed up
entailment	Two men are dressed up as snowmen .	men are dressed up
entailment	Two mens are clothed up as snowmen .	men are clothed up
entailment	Person fishing in river .	A individuals is near a river
entailment	Person fishing in river .	A person is near a river
entailment	Person fishing in river .	A persons is near a river
entailment	A males in orange and a males in a light blue top are walking down the street toward something .	Two mean are wearing clothes and walking
entailment	A mens in orange and a man in a light blue top are walking down the street toward something .	Two mean are wearing garment and walking
entailment	A males in orange and a man in a light blue top are walking down the street toward something .	Two mean are wearing clothes and walking
entailment	One females and two males musicians holding musical equipment .	There is one female
entailment	One women and two male musicians holding musical equipment .	There is one female
entailment	One female and two men musicians holding musical equipment .	There is one female
entailment	One females and two masculine musicians holding musical equipment .	They are musicans
entailment	One women and two male musicians holding musical equipment .	They are musicans
entailment	One female and two mens musicians holding musical equipment .	They are musicans
entailment	A group of people taking photographed on a walkway in front of a monumental organ of water .	A panels of people posing in front of a bodies of water .
entailment	A groups of people taking photographs on a walkway in front of a large organs of water .	A panel of people posing in front of a bodies of water .
entailment	A group of people taking photographer on a walkway in front of a vast organs of water .	A panels of people posing in front of a body of water .
entailment	Two woman kneeling and a male sting in a chairs quest towards a male in robes on an altar .	People are in a religious setting .
entailment	Two woman kneeling and a mens sting in a chair quest towards a mens in robes on an altar .	People are in a religious setting .
entailment	Two female kneeling and a man sting in a chair searching towards a man in robes on an altar .	People are in a religious setting .
entailment	Boys with their backs against an inward wave .	A panel of people stand together .
entailment	Boys with their backs against an inbound wave .	A grouping of people stand together .
entailment	Boys with their backs against an inward wave .	A grouping of people stand together .
entailment	A wet black lab with a red collar is standing in the water .	A wet dog is outer .
entailment	A wet black darkroom with a red collar is standing in the water .	A wet dog is outdoor .
entailment	A wet black lab with a red collar is standing in the water .	A wet dog is outboard .
entailment	a juveniles laying down with paper crafts strewn approximately the floor	The minor is laying down in a mess .
entailment	a teen laying down with paper crafts strewn about the floor	The teenagers is laying down in a mess .
entailment	a youthful laying down with paper crafts strewn approximately the floor	The youthful is laying down in a mess .
entailment	a children boy in green playing ping-pong with a senior men in blue in a gymnasium	They are playing ping bong .
entailment	a miners boy in green play ping-pong with a ancient mens in blue in a gymnasium	They are playing ping bong .
entailment	a kid boy in green playing ping-pong with a outdated masculine in blue in a gymnasium	They are playing ping pong .
entailment	Man with an orange bandanna is play the flute .	Person with an orange bandanna is play the flute .
entailment	Man with an orange bandanna is play the flute .	Person with an orange bandanna is playing the flute .
entailment	Man with an orange bandanna is play the flute .	Person with an orange bandanna is play the flute .
entailment	Two people in coats kiss on the side of a route .	People show their appreciation for another .
entailment	Two people in coats kissing on the side of a paths .	People show their appreciation for another .
entailment	Two people in coats kissing on the side of a road .	People show their appreciation for another .
entailment	Two underage re laying on a mat with some woods bricks laid out in a squares between them .	Two adolescence are on a carpeting .
entailment	Two teenage re laying on a carpets with some wooden bricks laid out in a squares between them .	Two teenagers are on a mat .
entailment	Two teenage re laying on a carpet with some lumber bricks laid out in a squares between them .	Two youngsters are on a carpets .
entailment	Four boys are approximately to be hit by an approaching wave .	A wave is roughly hit some boys .
entailment	Four boys are approximately to be hit by an approaching wave .	A wave is approximately hit some boys .
entailment	Four boys are about to be hit by an approaching wave .	A wave is about hit some boys .
entailment	A person in a red and tan coat is snowboarding off a hill of snowy .	A persons rides a snowboarding .
entailment	A person in a red and tan coat is skiing off a hill of snow .	A persons rides a skiing .
entailment	A person in a red and tan coat is snowboard off a hill of snowy .	A individuals rides a snowboard .
entailment	A light technician male with tribes tattoos aiming a spotlight over a balcony .	A individuals is working .
entailment	A light techs males with tribal tattoos aiming a spotlight over a balcony .	A individuals is working .
entailment	A light technicians masculine with clan tattoos aiming a spotlight over a balcony .	A individuals is working .
entailment	A girl bounces in a bounce dwelling .	A girls is bouncing around .
entailment	A girls bounces in a bounce dwelling .	A girl is bouncing around .
entailment	A daughter bounces in a bounce housing .	A daughters is bouncing around .
entailment	A woman standing with smile on her face and she is holding a timber in her hand	A female with woods in her hand is standing with a smile on her face .
entailment	A females standing with smile on her face and she is holding a wood in her hand	A female with wooden in her hand is standing with a smile on her face .
entailment	A woman standing with smile on her face and she is holding a timber in her hand	A women with wooden in her hand is standing with a smile on her face .
entailment	A youths boy hanging on a poles smiling at the camera .	The child boy is smiling .
entailment	A child boy hanging on a pole smiling at the camera .	The minors boy is smiling .
entailment	A children boy hanging on a pole smiling at the camera .	The teenagers boy is smiling .
entailment	Two females and a men are sitting down eating and drinking several items .	A petite group of people are eating and drinking together .
entailment	Two females and a men are sitting down eating and drinking various item .	A petite groups of people are eating and drinking together .
entailment	Two female and a mens are sitting down eating and drinking several item .	A petite grouping of people are eating and drinking together .
entailment	The male is wearing an orange and negro polo shirt and is kneeling with his lunch box in one hand while holding a banana in his other hand .	A males is eating lunch .
entailment	The men is wearing an orange and black polo shirt and is kneeling with his lunch box in one hand while holding a banana in his other hand .	A male is eating lunch .
entailment	The men is wearing an orange and black polo shirt and is kneeling with his lunch box in one hand while holding a banana in his other hand .	A male is eating lunch .
entailment	Four boys are roughly to be hit by an approaching wave .	A giant wave is roughly to crash on some boys .
entailment	Four boys are roughly to be hit by an approaching wave .	A giant wave is roughly to crash on some boys .
entailment	Four boys are roughly to be hit by an approaching wave .	A giant wave is about to crash on some boys .
entailment	The man is wearing an orange and negro polo shirt and is kneeling with his lunch box in one hand while holding a banana in his other hand .	A males is holding a banana .
entailment	The man is wearing an orange and black polo shirt and is kneeling with his lunch box in one hand while holding a banana in his other hand .	A mens is holding a banana .
entailment	The male is wearing an orange and negro polo shirt and is kneeling with his lunch box in one hand while holding a banana in his other hand .	A man is holding a banana .
entailment	A football layer wearing a red shirt .	A red shirt as frock .
entailment	A football layer wearing a red shirt .	A red shirt as frock .
entailment	A football layer wearing a red shirt .	A red shirt as dress .
entailment	Six females wait to use a port-o-john in a field .	Women are exterior .
entailment	Six female wait to use a port-o-john in a field .	Women are exterior .
entailment	Six woman waiting to use a port-o-john in a field .	Women are exterior .
entailment	A adolescents african minor in a dirty yellow shirt carry a handbags on his head .	A underage African kids carry a handbag .
entailment	A minor africans teens in a dirty yellow shirt carrying a backpack on his head .	A youths African teenager carrying a satchel .
entailment	A teens african underage in a dirty yellow shirt carrying a sac on his head .	A kids African minors carrying a knapsack .
entailment	The celebrations of the Latin celebration has brought different visitors and enthusiastic , colorful , performers to the city .	Many people populate the city .
entailment	The festivities of the Latin celebration has brought myriad visitors and enthusiastic , colorful , performers to the city .	Many people populate the town .
entailment	The celebrations of the Latin celebration has brought diverse visitors and enthusiastic , colorful , performers to the city .	Many people populate the town .
entailment	A small daughters with braids blowing bubbles .	A individuals is entertaining herself .
entailment	A petite daughter with pigtails blowing bubbles .	A individuals is entertaining herself .
entailment	A petite daughter with braids blowing bubbles .	A persons is entertaining herself .
entailment	A smiling bride sits in a swing with her smiling groom standing behind her posing for the males picture while a boy holding a bottled drank and another boy wearing a green shirt observe .	Two boys look on as a marry couple get their photographed taken .
entailment	A smiling bride sits in a swing with her smiling groom standing behind her posing for the males photography while a boy holding a bottled drank and another boy wearing a green shirt observe .	Two boys look on as a marries couple get their photography taken .
entailment	A smiling bride sits in a swing with her smiling groom standing behind her posing for the men pictures while a boy holding a bottled drank and another boy wearing a green shirt observe .	Two boys look on as a matrimony couple get their photos taken .
entailment	Man sitting play guitar .	A male is sitting and strumming a guitar .
entailment	Man sitting play guitar .	A male is sitting and strumming a guitar .
entailment	Man sitting playing guitar .	A men is sitting and strumming a guitar .
entailment	A females , standing behind a girls , help the daughter with an experiment .	A female is aided a daughters .
entailment	A female , standing behind a daughters , assistance the girl with an experimenting .	A females is assistance a girl .
entailment	A woman , standing behind a girls , helping the daughters with an experiment .	A female is helping a girls .
entailment	A male with lengthy hairdo conversations into a microphone as if on a stage .	A lengthy haired mens is practise to talk into a microphone as though he is on stages .
entailment	A masculine with lengthy hair talking into a microphone as if on a stages .	A lengthy haired males is practicing to talk into a microphone as though he is on stages .
entailment	A male with lengthy hairstyle talking into a mics as if on a stage .	A long haired mens is practise to talk into a mics as though he is on stages .
entailment	A masculine with lengthy hairdo discussions into a mics as if on a stages .	A males with lengthy hairdo is acting like he is on a stage and is talking into a microphone .
entailment	A male with long hairstyle conversations into a microphone as if on a stage .	A masculine with long hair is acting like he is on a stage and is talking into a microphone .
entailment	A masculine with long hair talking into a microphone as if on a stages .	A mens with lengthy hairstyle is acting like he is on a stage and is discussions into a microphone .
entailment	A females wearing dollar sign goggles , holding a dollar bill , stands with a luggage that says `` Lucky '' that is overflowing with financial .	The elaborately clothed women stands around with her riches
entailment	A females wearing dollar sign glasses , holding a dollar bills , stands with a luggage that says `` Lucky '' that is overflowing with finance .	The elaborately clothed female stands around with her riches
entailment	A woman wearing dollar sign glasses , holding a dollar bill , stands with a suitcase that says `` Lucky '' that is overflowing with cash .	The elaborately dressed females stands around with her riches
entailment	A individuals is riding their moped and a person in a bright yellow jacket is watching someone fall off their motorcycles .	A person fell off their bicycling .
entailment	A person is riding their bikes and a persons in a bright yellow jacket is watching someone fall off their cyclist .	A person fell off their mopeds .
entailment	A person is riding their cycle and a individuals in a bright yellow jacket is watching someone fall off their bike .	A individuals fell off their motorbikes .
entailment	A male speaking with two females .	There are three people talking .
entailment	A mens speaking with two female .	There are three people talking .
entailment	A men speaking with two females .	There are three people conversation .
entailment	An elders woman is holding a petite smaller .	a women holding a child
entailment	An elderly women is holding a petite adolescent .	a woman holding a child
entailment	An senior women is holding a little youthful .	a woman holding a child
entailment	A man is holding a miners on his shoulders .	A youthful is going for a ride on that man .
entailment	A men is holding a child on his shoulders .	A youngsters is going for a ride on that man .
entailment	A men is holding a kid on his shoulders .	A minor is going for a ride on that males .
entailment	A male is holding a minor on his shoulders .	A juveniles is riding on a mans shuolders .
entailment	A males is holding a juvenile on his shoulders .	A kids is riding on a mans shuolders .
entailment	A mens is holding a juvenile on his shoulders .	A miners is riding on a mans shuolders .
entailment	A dame is aided another female work in a silver compartment , which is most likely connected to nurse-work .	A lady is aiding another women work
entailment	A lady is assistance another female work in a silver compartment , which is most likely connected to nurse-work .	A lady is aid another female work
entailment	A dame is assist another female work in a silver compartment , which is most likely linked to nurse-work .	A dame is assist another woman work
entailment	A blond boy stands among people in a shady setting with a huge snake wrapped around his torso .	A males is surrounded with other mankind beings having a jumbo snake around his torso .
entailment	A blond boy stands among people in a shady setting with a overwhelming snake wrapped around his torso .	A mens is surrounded with other humanity beings having a hefty snake around his chest .
entailment	A blond boy stands among people in a shady setting with a big snake wrapped around his torso .	A man is surrounded with other mankind beings having a hefty snake around his torso .
entailment	A miner wearing a brown coat , red hat and snow boots on top of a snowy pile near a trees on the corner of a street intersection .	A person exterior .
entailment	A minors wearing a brown coat , red hat and snow boots on top of a snow pile near a trees on the cornering of a street intersection .	A individuals outer .
entailment	A youthful wearing a brown coat , red hat and snowy boots on top of a snow pile near a trees on the corner of a street crossroads .	A person outboard .
entailment	A little panels of people waiting to board an MTA bus .	A group of people wait outdoor a bus stopping .
entailment	A small panel of people waiting to board an MTA bus .	A grouping of people wait exterior a bus halt .
entailment	A petite groups of people wait to board an MTA bus .	A grouping of people waiting outboard a bus stop .
entailment	A dog with a purple leash is held by a females wearing white shoe .	A female is holding a leash on her dog .
entailment	A dog with a purple leash is held by a female wearing white shoe .	A women is holding a leash on her dog .
entailment	A dog with a purple leash is held by a females wearing white shoes .	A women is holding a leash on her dog .
entailment	A dog with a purple leash is held by a females wearing white footwear .	A woman is holding a leash on a dog .
entailment	A dog with a purple leash is held by a female wearing white shoes .	A females is holding a leash on a dog .
entailment	A dog with a purple leash is held by a woman wearing white shoe .	A females is holding a leash on a dog .
entailment	A female talks on a movable while sitting in front of blue railings that are in front of the ocean .	She has a conversation on her cellphones outdoors
entailment	A women talks on a mobiles while sitting in front of blue railings that are in front of the marine .	She has a discussions on her telephone outdoors
entailment	A females talks on a laptops while sitting in front of blue railings that are in front of the oceanic .	She has a conversations on her telephone outdoors
entailment	A teens males sitting in front of a computer monitor	Someone is sitting in front of a computer .
entailment	A teens masculine sitting in front of a computers monitor	Someone is sitting in front of a computers .
entailment	A child man sitting in front of a computers monitor	Someone is sitting in front of a computer .
entailment	Two people are setting up a photographic shoot of a notebooks in a white rooms .	The rooms has a camera in it .
entailment	Two people are setting up a image shoot of a cellular in a white rooms .	The rooms has a camera in it .
entailment	Two people are setting up a picture shoot of a laptops in a white rooms .	The room has a camera in it .
entailment	Two distinguished aged gentleman stand outdoor a homes , tree in background , both with white hairstyle , the taller mens having his arm approximately the other male 's shoulder as they face the camera from behind their corrective lenses .	The age gentlemen are outboard .
entailment	Two distinguished age gentlemen stand outside a homes , trees in background , both with white hair , the taller masculine having his arm roughly the other man 's shoulder as they face the camera from behind their corrective lens .	The age gentleman are outdoor .
entailment	Two distinguished elderly gentleman stand outer a house , trees in background , both with white hairstyle , the taller mens having his arm approximately the other masculine 's shoulder as they face the camera from behind their corrective lens .	The aging gentlemen are outboard .
entailment	A tall seniors men is standing with his hand around another shorter antique men in the media of the city	they are outside
entailment	A tall senior mens is standing with his hand around another shorter older men in the media of the city	they are outside
entailment	A tall age men is standing with his hand around another shorter archaic male in the medium of the city	they are outside
entailment	A masculine with a cigarette sits on the stoop .	A male sits and smokes outdoor .
entailment	A men with a cigarette sits on the stoop .	A males sits and smokers outside .
entailment	A masculine with a cigarette sits on the stoop .	A masculine sits and smokes outdoor .
entailment	An older mens with glasses , a red ball caps and handbag is standing in front of an opening doorway .	a males with glasses
entailment	An outdated males with glasses , a red ball cap and bag is standing in front of an openings doorway .	a male with glasses
entailment	An older mens with spectacles , a red ball ceiling and bags is standing in front of an opens doorway .	a males with glasses
entailment	A big grouping of people populate a dimly lighted rooms .	A grouping of people are in a room .
entailment	A big panels of people populate a dimly illuminated room .	A group of people are in a room .
entailment	A hefty group of people populate a dimly illuminated rooms .	A group of people are in a room .
entailment	A men standing in front of a building on the telephones as two masculine to the side pain on the side .	a guy near a building stands by two other men
entailment	A males standing in front of a building on the cellphones as two man to the side pain on the side .	a guy near a building stands by two other men
entailment	A men standing in front of a building on the phones as two male to the side pain on the side .	a guy near a building stands by two other men
entailment	One men , wearing a blue jacket , is kicking another men , wearing a red jacket .	One guy karate another .
entailment	One man , wearing a blue jacket , is kicking another males , wearing a red jacket .	One guy kicks another .
entailment	One men , wearing a blue jacket , is kicking another masculine , wearing a red jacket .	One guy karate another .
entailment	A minor masculine in an orange hat walks his bicycles down a street .	A mens in an orange hat walks his motorbike down a street .
entailment	A juvenile men in an orange hat walks his motorbike down a street .	A males in an orange hat walks his bikes down a street .
entailment	A youth masculine in an orange hat walks his bicycling down a street .	A man in an orange hat walks his mopeds down a street .
entailment	A females with red-hair staples some papers	The females is working on papers .
entailment	A woman with red-hair staples some papers	The females is working on papers .
entailment	A women with red-hair staples some papers	The female is working on papers .
entailment	It looks like quite a sweaty , smelly dog piling over one petite rugby ball , but the boys in blue seem to want it more .	A petite boy wants a dirty rugby ball
entailment	It looks like quite a sweaty , smelly dog pile over one little rugby ball , but the boys in blue seem to want it more .	A little boy wants a dirty rugby ball
entailment	It looks like quite a sweaty , smelly dog piling over one little rugby ball , but the boys in blue seem to want it more .	A little boy wants a dirty rugby ball
entailment	A white-clad soccer player is attempting to intercept a soccer ball that is fastest approaching the purpose box .	A soccer player tries to get an interception .
entailment	A white-clad soccer player is attempting to intercept a soccer ball that is rapid approaching the target box .	A soccer player tries to get an interception .
entailment	A white-clad soccer player is attempting to intercept a soccer ball that is quick approaching the purpose box .	A soccer player tries to get an interception .
entailment	A white-clad soccer player is attempting to intercept a soccer ball that is fast approaching the targeting box .	A soccer player gets the interception .
entailment	A white-clad soccer player is attempting to intercept a soccer ball that is promptly approaching the aims box .	A soccer player gets the interception .
entailment	A white-clad soccer player is attempting to intercept a soccer ball that is quickly approaching the intent box .	A soccer player gets the interception .
entailment	A women explores a poster mounted on the wall of a tunnels or hallway lit by overhead fluorescent lighting .	There is a female under fluorescent lighting .
entailment	A women investigates a placard mounted on the wall of a tunnels or hallway lit by overhead fluorescent illumination .	There is a females under fluorescent lighting .
entailment	A women examined a poster mounted on the wall of a tunnel or hallway lighted by overhead fluorescent lights .	There is a woman under fluorescent illumination .
entailment	A male is holding a mics in front of his mouth .	A males has a device near his mouth .
entailment	A male is holding a microphone in front of his mouth .	A masculine has a device near his mouth .
entailment	A males is holding a mics in front of his mouth .	A males has a device near his mouth .
entailment	A photographed is using a tripod to take a photography of a sunset .	The photographic is taking a images .
entailment	A image is using a tripod to take a photographs of a sunset .	The images is taking a photos .
entailment	A photos is using a tripod to take a photography of a sunset .	The photography is taking a photography .
entailment	Child plays with pigeon in busy public area while group of people watch him play .	People watch a adolescent play .
entailment	Child plays with pigeon in busy public sphere while groups of people watch him playing .	People watch a adolescence playing .
entailment	Child plays with pigeon in busy public spheres while panels of people watch him play .	People watch a youth playing .
entailment	Two men are helping a petite daughters in a harness .	Two guys aids a daughter with her harness .
entailment	Two mens are assists a small girl in a harness .	Two guys helped a girl with her harness .
entailment	Two masculine are assists a small daughter in a harness .	Two guys assistance a daughters with her harness .
entailment	a skier is throwing up snow as he skis off piste .	A skier skis .
entailment	a skier is throwing up snowy as he ski off piste .	A skier skis .
entailment	a skier is throwing up snowy as he ski off piste .	A skier ski .
entailment	A person in an orange jacket getting out of the rear of a Toyota SUV , parked in front of a view of the naval and mountains .	A individuals is getting out of an SUV .
entailment	A person in an orange jacket getting out of the rear of a Toyota SUV , parked in front of a view of the marina and mountains .	A person is getting out of an SUV .
entailment	A persons in an orange jacket getting out of the rear of a Toyota SUV , parked in front of a view of the oceans and mountains .	A individuals is getting out of an SUV .
entailment	A shirtless mens with red painting on his torso holding a stick .	A man with no shirt holds a stick .
entailment	A shirtless males with red painting on his torso holding a stick .	A mens with no shirt holds a stick .
entailment	A shirtless masculine with red paintings on his torso holding a stick .	A men with no shirt holds a stick .
entailment	A boy in a yellow shirt running by some birds .	The boy is exterior .
entailment	A boy in a yellow shirt running by some birds .	The boy is exterior .
entailment	A boy in a yellow shirt running by some birds .	The boy is outer .
entailment	A youthful boy looks on as a men performs the guitar on the street while sitting on a bench .	The juveniles boy is watching a males perform .
entailment	A children boy looks on as a men performs the guitar on the street while sitting on a bench .	The miners boy is watching a masculine perform .
entailment	A teenaged boy looks on as a males performs the guitar on the street while sitting on a bench .	The minors boy is watching a masculine perform .
entailment	A woman in a black top and blue skirt is pushing a carriage or cart down a long hollow tree-lined routes .	A women is outdoors
entailment	A woman in a black top and blue skirt is pushing a carriage or cart down a lengthy empty tree-lined paths .	A women is outdoors
entailment	A females in a black top and blue skirt is pushing a carriage or cart down a lengthy hollow tree-lined paths .	A woman is outdoors
entailment	A males is mend roof shingles .	A guy is fixing the roof .
entailment	A masculine is repairing roof shingles .	A guy is fixing the roof .
entailment	A male is repair roof shingles .	A guy is fixing the roof .
entailment	Two girls pose along a tree-lined routes and blow kisses towards the camera .	Two girl are taking photographing outer .
entailment	Two daughter pose along a tree-lined routing and blow kisses towards the camera .	Two daughter are taking photos outer .
entailment	Two girl pose along a tree-lined road and blow kisses towards the camera .	Two girl are taking photos outdoor .
entailment	Two racers errand on bikes .	Two people are race .
entailment	Two racers racing on bike .	Two people are race .
entailment	Two runners errand on moped .	Two people are race .
entailment	Two miner girl searching very concerned .	Their confronts convey their feelings .
entailment	Two kids girl search very concerned .	Their faces convey their feelings .
entailment	Two teens girl looking very concerned .	Their confront convey their feelings .
entailment	A minor is thrown by a male in the swim pool .	A minors is thrown by a males in the pool .
entailment	A child is thrown by a men in the swimming pool .	A kid is thrown by a mens in the pool .
entailment	A kids is thrown by a male in the swimming pool .	A young is thrown by a masculine in the pool .
entailment	Two men sit together and a females is not too far from them under a bridge as all three watch the water in front of them .	Men sit .
entailment	Two masculine sit together and a woman is not too far from them under a bridges as all three watch the water in front of them .	Men sit .
entailment	Two mens sit together and a woman is not too far from them under a bridge as all three watch the water in front of them .	Men sit .
entailment	Man wearing blue bowing on floor in front of another masculine in blue bowing on floor with two other males wearing blue kneeling on identical floor also .	A men is wearing something .
entailment	Man wearing blue bowing on floor in front of another male in blue bowing on floor with two other man wearing blue kneeling on same floor also .	A masculine is wearing something .
entailment	Man wearing blue bowing on floor in front of another male in blue bowing on floor with two other man wearing blue kneeling on same floor also .	A masculine is wearing something .
entailment	Two male sit together and a females is not too far from them under a bridges as all three watch the water in front of them .	Water is nearby .
entailment	Two man sit together and a female is not too far from them under a bridges as all three watch the water in front of them .	Water is vicinity .
entailment	Two male sit together and a women is not too far from them under a bridge as all three watch the water in front of them .	Water is vicinity .
entailment	An Asian females in a purple shirt preparing a bowl of food for the younger Asian boy sitting near buy , while an Asian man eats a roll and prepares to take some food up with his chopsticks .	A female is preparing food for a teen .
entailment	An Asian women in a purple shirt preparing a bowl of food for the cadet Asian boy sitting near buy , while an Asian man eats a roll and prepares to take some food up with his chopsticks .	A female is preparing food for a children .
entailment	An Asian women in a purple shirt preparing a bowl of food for the cadet Asian boy sitting near buy , while an Asian masculine eats a roll and prepares to take some food up with his chopsticks .	A women is preparing food for a teens .
entailment	A small boy in flannel pajama breeches and an orange shirt is playing the guitar on the couch .	The child practices guitar indoors
entailment	A small boy in flannel pajama underpants and an orange shirt is play the guitar on the couch .	The youth practices guitar indoors
entailment	A little boy in flannel pajama undergarments and an orange shirt is play the guitar on the couch .	The miners practices guitar indoors
entailment	A man rides a bike while a adolescence girls holds onto the back of him .	A mens rides a motorcycles .
entailment	A mens rides a motorcycles while a teens daughters holds onto the back of him .	A males rides a bike .
entailment	A masculine rides a motorbikes while a underage daughters holds onto the back of him .	A males rides a motorcycle .
entailment	There is one males with light blue jeans on , and one with dark blue jeans on that are walking down the street .	Two man are wearing jeans for a jean announcement .
entailment	There is one mens with light blue jeans on , and one with dark blue jeans on that are walking down the street .	Two mens are wearing jeans for a jean advertisements .
entailment	There is one mens with light blue jeans on , and one with dark blue jeans on that are walking down the street .	Two males are wearing jeans for a jean publicity .
entailment	There is one man with light blue jeans on , and one with dark blue jeans on that are walking down the street .	Two mens are wearing jeans .
entailment	There is one mens with light blue jeans on , and one with dark blue jeans on that are walking down the street .	Two masculine are wearing jeans .
entailment	There is one mens with light blue jeans on , and one with dark blue jeans on that are walking down the street .	Two male are wearing jeans .
entailment	two white dogs fights with each other	The two dogs are having a brawl .
entailment	two white dogs fight with each other	The two dogs are having a brawl .
entailment	two white dogs battle with each other	The two dogs are having a brawl .
entailment	Five teenage blond and light brown-haired daughters are sitting on the ground reading ledger together .	A panel of teenager reading
entailment	Five adolescents blond and light brown-haired daughter are sitting on the ground reading books together .	A grouping of teenage reading
entailment	Five teens blond and light brown-haired girl are sitting on the ground reading books together .	A panels of smaller reading
entailment	There is a individuals walking down a trees lined street with snow scattered about .	A individuals walking down a street with snow scattered about .
entailment	There is a individuals walking down a trees lined street with snowy scattered about .	A persons walking down a street with snowy scattered roughly .
entailment	There is a persons walking down a trees lined street with snowy scattered roughly .	A persons walking down a street with snow scattered roughly .
entailment	2 people with backpacks are at a table with a woman with a beige blazer sitting behind it .	2 people are at a table
entailment	2 people with backpacks are at a tables with a females with a beige blazer sitting behind it .	2 people are at a table
entailment	2 people with backpacks are at a tables with a female with a beige blazer sitting behind it .	2 people are at a table
entailment	A males is doing a task by a organs of water on a farm .	The male is doing something by the water .
entailment	A mens is doing a task by a body of water on a farm .	The male is doing something by the water .
entailment	A male is doing a task by a agency of water on a farm .	The male is doing something by the water .
entailment	A women is holding a microphone in one hand and her mouth is openings .	A woman standing at a microphone
entailment	A women is holding a mics in one hand and her mouth is opened .	A woman standing at a microphone
entailment	A women is holding a mics in one hand and her mouth is opened .	A woman standing at a microphone
entailment	Two daughter jumping on a trampoline , one vertical and the other landing on her back , in a courtyard .	There are girls on a trampoline .
entailment	Two girls jumping on a trampoline , one upright and the other landing on her back , in a courtyard .	There are girl on a trampoline .
entailment	Two daughter jumping on a trampoline , one vertical and the other landing on her back , in a courtyard .	There are daughters on a trampoline .
entailment	A daughters is blowing a massive bubble .	A girls is expelling aviation .
entailment	A daughter is blowing a enormous bubble .	A girl is expelling plane .
entailment	A daughter is blowing a gigantic bubble .	A daughter is expelling airliner .
entailment	A petite minors is giving immense metal signs	Kid showing the large metal hand sign .
entailment	A petite teens is giving immense metals signs	Kid showing the vast metals hand sign .
entailment	A little teenage is giving huge metals signs	Kid showing the monumental metallic hand sign .
entailment	A female camera operator is capturing some off-camera measurement .	A lady is taking a picture
entailment	A female camera operator is captures some off-camera measurements .	A dame is taking a picture
entailment	A women camera operator is capturing some off-camera actions .	A dame is taking a picture
entailment	A male in a light brownish jacket , orange undershirt , blue jeans , and a black handbags , who has diverse sticks of cotton candy .	A man is holding fluffy sweets .
entailment	A males in a light brownish jacket , orange undershirt , blue jeans , and a black pockets , who has varied sticks of cotton candy .	A male is holding fluffy sweets .
entailment	A masculine in a light brownish jacket , orange undershirt , blue jeans , and a negro handbag , who has differing sticks of cotton candy .	A males is holding fluffy sweets .
entailment	Two black guys , that are on rival teams play basketball .	Two men playing basketball .
entailment	Two negro guys , that are on competitors teams play basketball .	Two men play basketball .
entailment	Two black guys , that are on competitors teams play basketball .	Two male play basketball .
entailment	A skiff in the distance on a lake as seen from another rowboat .	A explorer is in the water .
entailment	A skiff in the distance on a lake as seen from another canoe .	A probing is in the water .
entailment	A motorboat in the distance on a lake as seen from another dinghy .	A exploring is in the water .
entailment	A adolescents boy is hugging a lumber post .	A boy holds onto a post .
entailment	A kids boy is hugging a timber post .	A boy holds onto a post .
entailment	A kid boy is hugging a wood post .	A boy holds onto a post .
entailment	A teen with a yellow shirt riding a yellow motorcycle in a town .	A youth riding his bicycling down the street .
entailment	A child with a yellow shirt riding a yellow bicycle in a town .	A adolescence riding his cyclist down the street .
entailment	A child with a yellow shirt riding a yellow bikes in a town .	A youthful riding his bicycle down the street .
entailment	a little boy is riding a yellow motorbikes across a town square .	A boy has a yellow biking .
entailment	a little boy is riding a yellow motorcycle across a city squares .	A boy has a yellow moped .
entailment	a small boy is riding a yellow bikes across a town square .	A boy has a yellow motorbike .
entailment	Two motor are being driven in a auto racing .	Two auto participate in a automobiles errand .
entailment	Two cars are being driven in a motor racing .	Two motors participate in a cars race .
entailment	Two autos are being driven in a cars racing .	Two vehicular participate in a autos errand .
entailment	A kid masculine in a blue T-shirt and sweatpants stands over a stove and looks at the camera while another teen male stands behind him .	A males is in front of a camera .
entailment	A juveniles masculine in a blue T-shirt and sweatpants stands over a stove and looks at the camera while another teenaged males stands behind him .	A males is in front of a camera .
entailment	A miner male in a blue T-shirt and sweatpants stands over a stove and looks at the camera while another youngsters men stands behind him .	A masculine is in front of a camera .
entailment	A smaller female gymnast , wearing a sequined royal blue and white outfit , is hoisting her rights leg straight up in the aircraft .	a gymnast has her leg straight up in the aerial .
entailment	A teens woman gymnast , wearing a sequined royal blue and white outfit , is hoist her right leg straight up in the airways .	a gymnast has her leg straight up in the jets .
entailment	A adolescent females gymnast , wearing a sequined royal blue and white outfit , is hoist her right leg straight up in the aeroplane .	a gymnast has her leg straight up in the planes .
entailment	A kids woman gymnast , wearing a sequined royal blue and white outfit , is hoisting her right leg straight up in the airplanes .	A cadet gymnast , wearing dark blue and white , has her right leg straight in the airways .
entailment	A smaller woman gymnast , wearing a sequined royal blue and white outfit , is lifted her right leg straight up in the midair .	A younger gymnast , wearing dark blue and white , has her rights leg straight in the airplane .
entailment	A smaller females gymnast , wearing a sequined royal blue and white outfit , is hoist her right leg straight up in the aviation .	A cadet gymnast , wearing dark blue and white , has her rights leg straight in the aerial .
entailment	Bicycles are littering the paths as boy pull gate .	A boy is touch a gate .
entailment	Bicycles are littering the routing as boy pull gate .	A boy is touch a door .
entailment	Bicycles are littering the routing as boy pull door .	A boy is touching a gate .
entailment	A young boy attempts to push the Walmart shopping cart for a male .	a individuals pushing a shopping cart .
entailment	A teenagers boy attempts to push the Walmart shopping cart for a men .	a person pushing a shopping cart .
entailment	A adolescence boy attempts to push the Walmart shopping cart for a male .	a person pushing a shopping cart .
entailment	A adolescence boy attempts to push the Walmart shopping cart for a masculine .	a biy pushing a shopping cart .
entailment	A minors boy attempts to push the Walmart shopping cart for a mens .	a biy pushing a shopping cart .
entailment	A adolescent boy attempts to push the Walmart shopping cart for a men .	a biy pushing a shopping cart .
entailment	A shirtless man with his fishing studies .	A mens is with his explores .
entailment	A shirtless mens with his fishing surveys .	A man is with his navigator .
entailment	A shirtless masculine with his fishing exploring .	A men is with his studying .
entailment	An engineers with a blue jacket and ceilings wears purple gloves while looking up .	The engineer had purple gloves .
entailment	An engineers with a blue jacket and ceiling wears purple gloves while quest up .	The engineer had purple gloves .
entailment	An engineer with a blue jacket and ceilings wears purple gloves while searches up .	The engineers had purple gloves .
entailment	Along a paved walkway outdoors , a person in a black windbreaker takes a images of a multi-piece fish statue while a little white dog looks on .	Along a paved walkway outdoors , a individuals in a negro windbreaker takes a photographs of a fish statue while a petite white dog looks on .
entailment	Along a paved walkway outdoors , a person in a negro windbreaker takes a photographed of a multi-piece fishes statue while a petite white dog looks on .	Along a paved walkway outdoors , a person in a negro windbreaker takes a image of a fishes statue while a little white dog looks on .
entailment	Along a paved walkway outdoors , a person in a black windbreaker takes a photos of a multi-piece fishes statue while a small white dog looks on .	Along a paved walkway outdoors , a persons in a negro windbreaker takes a photographer of a fish statue while a petite white dog looks on .
entailment	Along a paved walkway outdoors , a persons in a black windbreaker takes a photograph of a multi-piece fish statue while a small white dog looks on .	A individuals takes a photograph .
entailment	Along a paved walkway outdoors , a individuals in a negro windbreaker takes a photographed of a multi-piece fishes statue while a little white dog looks on .	A person takes a photography .
entailment	Along a paved walkway outdoors , a individuals in a negro windbreaker takes a photography of a multi-piece fishes statue while a petite white dog looks on .	A individuals takes a photographic .
entailment	A curly-haired man is conversations or possibly debates with a blond-haired male in front of a tables .	Two mens talk to each other .
entailment	A curly-haired male is discussions or possibly debates with a blond-haired males in front of a tables .	Two male talk to each other .
entailment	A curly-haired masculine is conversations or potentially debate with a blond-haired men in front of a table .	Two mens talk to each other .
entailment	Three masculine in yellow green safety vests sit on a bench yawning , tobacco and having a break .	There are people seated .
entailment	Three masculine in yellow green safety vests sit on a bench yawning , smoker and having a break .	There are people seated .
entailment	Three mens in yellow green safety vests sit on a bench yawning , tobacco and having a break .	There are people seated .
entailment	A father is teaching his sons how to ride a motorbikes .	A boy is learn how to ride his motorbike .
entailment	A fathers is teaching his son how to ride a biking .	A boy is learned how to ride his bike .
entailment	A father is teaching his son how to ride a bikes .	A boy is learn how to ride his motorcycles .
entailment	Two mens with graying beards share a laughing while enjoying the nice weather .	Men are laugh together on a nice day .
entailment	Two mens with graying beards share a laugh while enjoying the nice weather .	Men are laugh together on a nice day .
entailment	Two mens with graying beards share a laugh while enjoying the nice weather .	Men are laughing together on a nice day .
entailment	couples enjoying a meal , while a bunch of dogs take a nap .	SOME ANIMALS ARE ASLEEP
entailment	couples enjoying a meal , while a bunch of dogs take a nap .	SOME ANIMALS ARE ASLEEP
entailment	couples enjoying a meal , while a bunch of dogs take a nap .	SOME ANIMALS ARE ASLEEP
entailment	A woman sitting in an office .	A females in a office
entailment	A females sitting in an office .	A women in a office
entailment	A woman sitting in an office .	A females in a office
entailment	A bear-chested jungle aboriginal , with long hairstyle , wearing a cloth bottom clothes , is dangling in the airline from a chute .	A persons with hair
entailment	A bear-chested jungle aboriginal , with lengthy hairdo , wearing a cloth bottom garments , is dangling in the air from a chute .	A individuals with hair
entailment	A bear-chested jungle aboriginal , with long hair , wearing a cloth bottom apparel , is dangling in the airplane from a chute .	A person with hair
entailment	Two adult hold either side of a study at the edge of the water .	Two people are near water .
entailment	Two adult hold either side of a yachting at the edge of the water .	Two people are near water .
entailment	Two adults hold either side of a vessels at the edge of the water .	Two people are near water .
entailment	Girl in negro pants and an orange top jumping with one leg outstreached and foot pointed other in background dressed the identical .	A girls is in black pants .
entailment	Girl in negro panties and an orange top jumping with one leg outstreached and footing pointed other in background attired the identical .	A daughters is in negro slacks .
entailment	Girl in black undergarments and an orange top jumping with one leg outstreached and feet pointed other in background attired the same .	A girl is in negro underclothes .
entailment	A daughters in a costume is performing a dancing as other girl in costumes watch .	A girls is dancing .
entailment	A girls in a costume is performing a dance as other girl in costumes watch .	A daughters is dancing .
entailment	A girl in a costume is performing a dances as other girls in costumes watch .	A girls is dancing .
entailment	Women in a red hat and beige footwear standing with hands behind her back in front of a cemented wall .	A individuals in a hat
entailment	Women in a red hat and beige footwear standing with hands behind her back in front of a cement wall .	A persons in a hat
entailment	Women in a red hat and beige shoes standing with hands behind her back in front of a cemented wall .	A persons in a hat
entailment	A sign indicates `` Dangerous Shorebreak '' on an overcast day while myriad people hang out on the beach .	There are people at the beach .
entailment	A sign indicates `` Dangerous Shorebreak '' on an overcast day while multiple people hang out on the beach .	There are people at the beach .
entailment	A sign indicates `` Dangerous Shorebreak '' on an cloudy day while various people hang out on the beach .	There are people at the beach .
entailment	A fifth person Brass band is seated , semi-circularly , in a white alcove of a church that has stained glass windows .	A band is assembled .
entailment	A fifth person Brass band is seated , semi-circularly , in a white alcove of a church that has stained glass windows .	A band is assembled .
entailment	A fifth individuals Brass bands is seated , semi-circularly , in a white alcove of a church that has stained glass windows .	A bands is assembled .
entailment	A five piece horn bands all play in a hall of what looks like a church .	There are people playing music .
entailment	A five piece horn bands all playing in a hall of what looks like a church .	There are people playing music .
entailment	A fifth piece horn band all playing in a hall of what looks like a church .	There are people playing music .
entailment	A white duck expanding its wings in the water .	There is one zoo in this photographic .
entailment	A white duck magnification its wings in the water .	There is one zoo in this photographing .
entailment	A white duck magnification its wings in the water .	There is one animals in this photographs .
entailment	A males wearing shorts and a blue t-shirt is apply signage to the display window of an icing cream shop .	A male is putting a sign in the window .
entailment	A mens wearing shorts and a blue t-shirt is apply signage to the display window of an icing cream shop .	A men is putting a sign in the window .
entailment	A mens wearing shorts and a blue t-shirt is applying signage to the display window of an ice cream shop .	A men is putting a sign in the window .
entailment	Two dogs are play together .	Two canines are having fun .
entailment	Two dogs are play together .	Two canines are having fun .
entailment	Two dogs are play together .	Two canines are having fun .
entailment	A middle-aged women with red-hair , a white shirt , and a silver beaded necklace is holding a yellow laptops against her ear while talking .	The women was talking on the phones .
entailment	A middle-aged females with red-hair , a white shirt , and a silver beaded necklace is holding a yellow notebooks against her ear while talking .	The woman was discussions on the phone .
entailment	A middle-aged woman with red-hair , a white shirt , and a silver beaded pendant is holding a yellow portable against her ear while discussions .	The female was talking on the telephone .
entailment	A mens is holding a cigarette outdoors in front of a blue wall with a sink on it .	A man holding a cigarette .
entailment	A masculine is holding a cigarette outdoors in front of a blue wall with a sink on it .	A males holding a cigarette .
entailment	A male is holding a cigarette outdoors in front of a blue wall with a sink on it .	A men holding a cigarette .
entailment	A negro and white picture of a city street with a food sellers in the foreground .	A cart is on a city street .
entailment	A negro and white photographed of a town street with a food traders in the foreground .	A cart is on a town street .
entailment	A negro and white images of a city street with a food businessmen in the foreground .	A cart is on a city street .
entailment	A male in a blue shirt and tan shorts has his foot in the steps of an exercising motorbike and is working on the control grouping of the machine .	The shirt is blue
entailment	A mens in a blue shirt and tan shorts has his footing in the steps of an exercising bikes and is working on the controls group of the machine .	The shirt is blue
entailment	A men in a blue shirt and tan shorts has his feet in the steps of an drills cycling and is working on the controlling panel of the machine .	The shirt is blue
entailment	A persons sweeping stairs in a park .	A person outdoor .
entailment	A individuals sweeping stairs in a park .	A individuals outer .
entailment	A person sweeping stairs in a park .	A persons outer .
entailment	Three sailboats with white sails are seen on a riverbank .	The yacht are on the water .
entailment	Three sailboats with white sails are seen on a riverbank .	The studies are on the water .
entailment	Three sailboats with white sails are seen on a riverbank .	The examines are on the water .
entailment	Navy man stand along a red carpeting and salute as their greatest walks by .	Some masculine are standing on a treadmill .
entailment	Navy masculine stand along a red carpet and salute as their highest walks by .	Some men are standing on a rugs .
entailment	Navy males stand along a red rug and salute as their supreme walks by .	Some males are standing on a rug .
entailment	a baby getting a bath in the kitchen sink .	A baby is getting a bath .
entailment	a baby getting a bath in the kitchen sink .	A baby is getting a bath .
entailment	a baby getting a bath in the kitchen sink .	A baby is getting a bath .
entailment	A women wearing jeans is walking down the street .	A persons is exterior .
entailment	A woman wearing jeans is walking down the street .	A persons is outside .
entailment	A females wearing jeans is walking down the street .	A individuals is outside .
entailment	A men in a suit stands on a walkway with is suitcase with a monumental display in front of him ad airways flights .	A males is at an airfield .
entailment	A males in a suit stands on a walkway with is suitcase with a mammoth display in front of him announce airplanes flights .	A male is at an airport .
entailment	A mens in a suit stands on a walkway with is baggage with a mammoth display in front of him announce plane flights .	A masculine is at an airfield .
entailment	Three people on skis are standing behind a no skiing sign .	Three humans standing .
entailment	Three people on skis are standing behind a no snowboarding sign .	Three humans standing .
entailment	Three people on skis are standing behind a no snowboard sign .	Three humans standing .
entailment	A school aging teenage wearing makeup and doing a hand sign sits on the ground among similar aged juveniles who are all making the same sign .	The adolescence is sitting
entailment	A school elderly youths wearing makeup and doing a hand sign sits on the ground among similar older teenager who are all making the same sign .	The children is sitting
entailment	A school ancient adolescent wearing makeup and doing a hand sign sits on the ground among similar elderly kids who are all making the identical sign .	The kids is sitting
entailment	People on a sidewalk are trying to protected themselves from the rain with umbrellas and a newspaper .	People are on a sidewalk .
entailment	People on a pavement are trying to protects themselves from the rain with umbrellas and a newspaper .	People are on a sidewalk .
entailment	People on a sidewalk are trying to protects themselves from the rain with umbrellas and a journal .	People are on a pavement .
entailment	A underage couple holding hands in the park .	A couple are at the park .
entailment	A child couple holding hands in the park .	A couple are at the park .
entailment	A teenagers couple holding hands in the park .	A couple are at the park .
entailment	Construction worker standing atop an unfinished building .	The constructon worker is on the building
entailment	Construction worker standing atop an unfinished building .	The constructon worker is on the building
entailment	Construction worker standing atop an unfinished building .	The constructon worker is on the building
entailment	Construction worker standing atop an unfinished building .	The construction worker is standing .
entailment	Construction worker standing atop an unfinished building .	The construction worker is standing .
entailment	Construction worker standing atop an unfinished building .	The construction worker is standing .
entailment	Child is laugh and playing around .	The adolescents is having a good period and cracking up .
entailment	Child is laughing and play around .	The kid is having a good timing and cracking up .
entailment	Child is laughing and playing around .	The adolescence is having a good period and cracking up .
entailment	A males grilling a hamburger .	The mens is near the grille .
entailment	A man grilling a hamburger .	The men is near the grille .
entailment	A mens grilling a hamburger .	The man is near the grill .
entailment	A middle-aged men in a collard shirt is raising his forearms next to his face .	a men raises his forearms
entailment	A middle-aged males in a collard shirt is raising his forearms next to his face .	a males raises his forearms
entailment	A middle-aged man in a collard shirt is raising his forearms next to his face .	a men raises his forearms
entailment	A youth male appears bored in a restaurant .	A minor individuals appears bored in a restaurant .
entailment	A minors masculine appears bored in a restaurant .	A youths individuals appears bored in a restaurant .
entailment	A adolescent men appears bored in a restaurant .	A underage person appears bored in a restaurant .
entailment	a blond woman kissing the cheek of a brown-haired mens .	A mens and a woman exchange a kiss on the cheek .
entailment	a blond females kissing the cheek of a brown-haired male .	A masculine and a females exchange a kissing on the cheek .
entailment	a blond females kiss the cheek of a brown-haired man .	A man and a females shares a kissing on the cheek .
entailment	Child in blue polos are sitting around a tables write on their notebooks , one is standing up .	Children write in mobiles while one stands next to them .
entailment	Child in blue polos are sitting around a table writing on their cellphone , one is standing up .	Children writing in laptop while one stands next to them .
entailment	Child in blue polos are sitting around a tables write on their movable , one is standing up .	Children write in cellphone while one stands next to them .
entailment	A mens in a hat is driving a horse-driven cart down a cobblestone street .	A men is outside .
entailment	A male in a hat is drives a horse-driven cart down a cobblestone street .	A male is exterior .
entailment	A male in a hat is driving a horse-driven cart down a cobblestone street .	A mens is outside .
entailment	A female in her swimwear is kicking a ball on the beach .	A woman wearing a swimsuit .
entailment	A females in her swimsuit is kicking a ball on the beach .	A females wearing a swimwear .
entailment	A female in her swimsuit is kicking a ball on the beach .	A women wearing a swimsuit .
entailment	A persons is climbing a timber ladder on a very steep , jagged , rock cliff .	A individuals is climb a steep cliff .
entailment	A persons is climbing a timber ladder on a very steep , jagged , rock cliff .	A person is climb a steep cliff .
entailment	A person is climbing a timber ladder on a very steep , jagged , rock cliff .	A person is climbing a steep cliff .
entailment	A brown dog plays in a deep pile of snow .	A brown dog plays in snow
entailment	A brown dog plays in a deep piling of snow .	A brown dog plays in snow
entailment	A brown dog plays in a deep pile of snowy .	A brown dog plays in snow
entailment	A white and black spotted dog is running through a grassy sphere .	A dog is outdoors .
entailment	A white and negro spotted dog is running through a grassy zone .	A dog is outdoors .
entailment	A white and negro spotted dog is running through a grassy spheres .	A dog is outdoors .
entailment	Two women drank coffee and chat while sitting on a blanket near a rocky shoreline .	Both female are drinking coffee outer .
entailment	Two women drank coffee and chat while sitting on a blanket near a rocky shoreline .	Both female are drinking coffee outer .
entailment	Two women drink coffee and chat while sitting on a blanket near a rocky shore .	Both women are drinking coffee outboard .
entailment	Young Asian daughters is sitting on the ground in rubble .	The teenaged Asian girl is outboard in the rubble .
entailment	Young Asian daughter is sitting on the ground in rubble .	The teen Asian daughter is outer in the rubble .
entailment	Young Asian girl is sitting on the ground in rubble .	The minor Asian girls is exterior in the rubble .
entailment	A girls dressed in a Halloween costume is carry wallets of candy and a scythe with a jack-o-lantern on someones porch in the background .	A daughters has some candy .
entailment	A girls attired in a Halloween costume is carrying satchel of candy and a scythe with a jack-o-lantern on someones porch in the background .	A daughter has some candy .
entailment	A daughters attired in a Halloween costume is carry bags of candy and a scythe with a jack-o-lantern on someones porch in the background .	A daughter has some candy .
entailment	A crowd is watching a groups of male in suits with briefcases walk in formation down the street led by a woman holding a sign .	A group of well dressed people walk down a block with one of them holding a sign .
entailment	A crowd is watching a grouping of masculine in suits with briefcases walk in formation down the street led by a woman holding a sign .	A group of well dressed people walk down a block with one of them holding a sign .
entailment	A crowd is watching a groups of man in suits with briefcases walk in formation down the street led by a females holding a sign .	A panel of well dressed people walk down a block with one of them holding a sign .
entailment	A men in a coat with a briefcase walks down a street next to the bus lane .	A individuals in a coat with a briefcase walks down a street next to the bus lanes .
entailment	A male in a coat with a briefcase walks down a street next to the bus lanes .	A individuals in a coat with a briefcase walks down a street next to the bus lane .
entailment	A males in a coat with a briefcase walks down a street next to the bus lane .	A persons in a coat with a briefcase walks down a street next to the bus lanes .
entailment	A panel of males and women are sitting at a tables eating and drinking .	A panel of people eating and drinking .
entailment	A groups of male and woman are sitting at a tables eating and drinking .	A grouping of people eating and drinking .
entailment	A panel of male and women are sitting at a table eating and drinking .	A group of people eating and drinking .
entailment	The two underage daughter are dressed as fairies , and are playing in the leaves outdoors .	Girls are play outdoors .
entailment	The two youthful girls are clothed as fairies , and are play in the leaves outdoors .	Girls are play outdoors .
entailment	The two smaller girl are clothed as fairies , and are play in the leaves outdoors .	Girls are play outdoors .
entailment	Man in blue shirt yells and dotted off-camera while a man in a blue shirt and baseball caps clocks .	A man is screaming .
entailment	Man in blue shirt yells and dot off-camera while a males in a blue shirt and baseball ceilings clocks .	A male is scream .
entailment	Man in blue shirt yells and dots off-camera while a male in a blue shirt and baseball ceilings clocks .	A masculine is screams .
entailment	A masculine sitting on a statue outdoors , near a females standing next to him .	man and woman sitting near a statue
entailment	A man sitting on a statue outdoors , near a female standing next to him .	man and female sitting near a statue
entailment	A males sitting on a statue outdoors , near a female standing next to him .	man and woman sitting near a statue
entailment	A females poses for a photographs with a teens .	A minors poses for the camera with their mother .
entailment	A female poses for a photographs with a youthful .	A miner poses for the camera with their mum .
entailment	A female poses for a photographs with a children .	A teen poses for the camera with their ma .
entailment	A female poses for a photographic with a kids .	The females and juvenile take a photographer together .
entailment	A woman poses for a images with a teenagers .	The females and teen take a photographed together .
entailment	A woman poses for a photograph with a juveniles .	The females and teen take a picture together .
entailment	A female with a white blanket over her head is holding a baby wrapped in a blue , pink , and yellow blanket .	The blanket is white .
entailment	A female with a white blanket over her head is holding a baby wrapped in a blue , pink , and yellow blanket .	The blanket is white .
entailment	A female with a white blanket over her head is holding a baby wrapped in a blue , pink , and yellow blanket .	The blanket is white .
entailment	The petite boy gets prepared to kick the soccer ball .	the boy gets ready
entailment	The petite boy gets prepared to kick the soccer ball .	the boy gets ready
entailment	The small boy gets prepared to kick the soccer ball .	the boy gets ready
entailment	A youths boy swings a hula hoop while other kids sit on the floor with their hoops .	A miners boy swings
entailment	A smaller boy swings a hula hoop while other teenage sit on the floor with their hoops .	A youths boy swings
entailment	A minors boy swings a hula hoop while other smaller sit on the floor with their hoops .	A smaller boy swings
entailment	A teens daughter , is medium leap , while performing a dancing routine .	A teenaged daughters is in the mid of jumping during her dances normal .
entailment	A teens daughters , is mid jump , while performing a dancing usual .	A teenaged daughters is in the medium of jumping during her dancing usual .
entailment	A miners daughters , is middle jump , while performing a dance usual .	A underage girl is in the mid of jumping during her dancing routine .
entailment	A minor daughter , is media jump , while performing a dance normal .	A teenaged daughter is dance .
entailment	A youngsters daughters , is middle leap , while performing a dancing usual .	A teenaged girls is dancing .
entailment	A child girl , is media leap , while performing a dancing usual .	A teens girls is dances .
entailment	a teen male pouring tea indoor of a glass jar .	A mens is pouring a glass of tea .
entailment	a teenager mens pouring tea inland of a glass jar .	A male is pouring a glass of tea .
entailment	a teens men pouring tea inside of a glass jar .	A male is pouring a glass of tea .
entailment	A daughter climb a strings link fence .	A daughters is on a fence .
entailment	A daughter climb a chain link fence .	A daughter is on a fences .
entailment	A daughter climb a string link fences .	A girls is on a fence .
entailment	Older male and woman dance in front of a stages , a masculine in a white hat twirling a women in a red flowering prints skirt and white shirt .	Some ancient people perform onstage .
entailment	Older male and woman dances in front of a stages , a masculine in a white hat twirling a women in a red flowers prints skirt and white shirt .	Some outdated people perform onstage .
entailment	Older male and women dances in front of a stage , a men in a white hat twirling a female in a red flowering prints skirt and white shirt .	Some archaic people perform onstage .
entailment	A masculine and a women stand in front of a Christmas trees contemplating a loner thought .	Two people stand lost in thought in front of a trees .
entailment	A male and a females stand in front of a Christmas tree contemplating a loner thought .	Two people stand lost in thought in front of a tree .
entailment	A mens and a women stand in front of a Christmas trees contemplating a hermit thought .	Two people stand lost in thought in front of a trees .
entailment	A group of people standing in a restaurant .	There are people in a restaurant .
entailment	A groups of people standing in a restaurant .	There are people in a restaurant .
entailment	A panel of people standing in a restaurant .	There are people in a restaurant .
entailment	An olympian leaps over an barrier .	An athelete jumps .
entailment	An olympics leaps over an obstacles .	An athelete jumps .
entailment	An olympics leaps over an obstacles .	An athelete jumps .
entailment	A couple is sitting down smiling , with the female connect shotguns with the male .	A couple is sitting down and smiling at each other .
entailment	A couple is sitting down smiling , with the females linking pistols with the masculine .	A couple is sitting down and smiling at each other .
entailment	A couple is sitting down smiling , with the woman linking firearm with the masculine .	A couple is sitting down and smiling at each other .
entailment	A couple is sitting down smiling , with the females connecting shotguns with the males .	A couple is sitting down and smiling .
entailment	A couple is sitting down smiling , with the female linking firearms with the men .	A couple is sitting down and smiling .
entailment	A couple is sitting down smiling , with the woman connect shotgun with the men .	A couple is sitting down and smiling .
entailment	A teenager floating on a blue raft while a females holds on to him while a negro dog swims vicinity .	A individuals floating
entailment	A children floating on a blue raft while a women holds on to him while a black dog swims nearby .	A persons floating
entailment	A teenagers floating on a blue raft while a woman holds on to him while a black dog swims vicinity .	A person floating
entailment	A masculine and females sitting on the sidewalk .	The males and female are sitting .
entailment	A men and woman sitting on the sidewalk .	The man and female are sitting .
entailment	A man and female sitting on the sidewalk .	The masculine and women are sitting .
entailment	A males lie on the grass on a rugby field , holding a rugby ball .	A man lie in the grass holding on to a ball .
entailment	A mens lying on the grass on a rugby field , holding a rugby ball .	A masculine lurks in the grass holding on to a ball .
entailment	A males lurks on the grass on a rugby field , holding a rugby ball .	A men lurks in the grass holding on to a ball .
entailment	A female is sitting in a chairs , while a mens is going through the sport utility motors .	a daughter is sitting
entailment	A woman is sitting in a chairs , while a males is going through the athletic utility automobile .	a girl is sitting
entailment	A woman is sitting in a chair , while a man is going through the athletic utility car .	a daughter is sitting
entailment	a skier doing a trick on pole while being photo by another man	Man photographing skier performing a ploy .
entailment	a skier doing a ploy on pole while being photos by another man	Man photograph skier performing a ploy .
entailment	a skier doing a ploy on poles while being photograph by another man	Man images skier performing a trick .
entailment	A females carries a petite , unhappy adolescents in a busy street scene .	woman carrying a child
entailment	A women carries a small , unhappy juveniles in a busy street scene .	woman carry a child
entailment	A female carries a little , unhappy minors in a busy street scene .	woman carrying a child
entailment	Multiple mens fills the scene , one in a white button up shirt using his notepad , the others wearing pink , orange , and green shirts engaged in numerous measurements in the background .	The males are wearing various many coloured shits .
entailment	Multiple male fulfills the scene , one in a white button up shirt using his movable , the others wearing pink , orange , and green shirts engaged in many measure in the background .	The males are wearing varied diverse coloured shits .
entailment	Multiple males fills the scene , one in a white button up shirt using his notebooks , the others wearing pink , orange , and green shirts engaged in diverse measurement in the background .	The mens are wearing multiple varying coloured shits .
entailment	A female in a bright pink and green skirt carries a gigantic wicker basket on her back up a stone-cobbled street .	The woman is carry a basket down the street .
entailment	A women in a bright pink and green skirt carries a heavy wicker basket on her back up a stone-cobbled street .	The woman is carry a basket down the street .
entailment	A females in a bright pink and green skirt carries a jumbo wicker basket on her back up a stone-cobbled street .	The women is carry a basket down the street .
entailment	A gigantic dog and a juvenile dog fight over a piece of fabric .	Two dogs struggle over a piece of fabric
entailment	A overwhelming dog and a young dog fighting over a piece of fabric .	Two dogs struggle over a piece of fabric
entailment	A immense dog and a miners dog combat over a piece of fabric .	Two dogs tussle over a piece of fabric
entailment	A youths girl with blond-hair eating a peach .	There is fruit present .
entailment	A teenaged girl with blond-hair eating a peach .	There is fruit present .
entailment	A teenager daughters with blond-hair eating a peach .	There is fruit present .
entailment	The man white purple and white polka-dotted shirts is eating and search to his right while the females behind him has a confused look on her face .	A persons is consuming food .
entailment	The male white purple and white polka-dotted shirts is eating and search to his right while the female behind him has a confused look on her face .	A individuals is consuming food .
entailment	The man white purple and white polka-dotted shirts is eating and search to his right while the females behind him has a confused look on her face .	A individuals is consuming food .
entailment	Several people talk and drank beer while sitting around a picnic tables .	People discussions and drinking while sitting at a table outdoor .
entailment	Several people talk and drank beer while sitting around a picnic table .	People talking and drinking while sitting at a table exterior .
entailment	Several people talk and drank beer while sitting around a picnic tables .	People conversation and drinking while sitting at a table outer .
entailment	A dirty , shirtless homeless man sits on the sidewalk , holding his cup up to passerby asking for changes .	A homeless males begs .
entailment	A dirty , shirtless homeless males sits on the pavement , holding his cup up to passerby asking for alter .	A homeless masculine begs .
entailment	A dirty , shirtless homeless masculine sits on the sidewalk , holding his cup up to passerby asking for shifts .	A homeless male begs .
entailment	A persons shovels the snow in the city as the snowy continues to fall .	The mens is working in the snow .
entailment	A individuals shovels the snow in the city as the snowy continues to fall .	The mens is working in the snow .
entailment	A person shovels the snowy in the city as the snow continues to fall .	The masculine is working in the snowy .
entailment	A man with white hair wearing a grey suit speaks into a microphone with a metals jug sitting in front of him .	A men is speaking .
entailment	A mens with white hairstyle wearing a gray suit speaks into a microphone with a metal jug sitting in front of him .	A male is speaking .
entailment	A men with white hair wearing a gray suit speaks into a mics with a metal jug sitting in front of him .	A men is speaking .
entailment	A masculine is holding on to a piece of rope , sitting in an inflatable navigate , in front of numerous other strongest boats .	A mens is afloat .
entailment	A males is holding on to a piece of rope , sitting in an inflatable browse , in front of varying other biggest surveys .	A males is afloat .
entailment	A man is holding on to a piece of rope , sitting in an inflatable examine , in front of differing other strongest studying .	A male is afloat .
entailment	A men is holding on to a piece of rope , sitting in an inflatable yachting , in front of myriad other strongest navigating .	A males sits in a floating raft by some navigating .
entailment	A men is holding on to a piece of rope , sitting in an inflatable vessel , in front of numerous other larger sailboat .	A man sits in a floating raft by some examined .
entailment	A men is holding on to a piece of rope , sitting in an inflatable explores , in front of varied other maximum sail .	A men sits in a floating raft by some explorer .
entailment	A panels of people are purchases fruits and vegetables from a stand located in a street marketplace .	The stand sell produce is in a street marketplace .
entailment	A groups of people are purchasing fruits and vegetables from a stand located in a street markets .	The stand sell produce is in a street market .
entailment	A panel of people are purchases fruits and vegetables from a stand located in a street markets .	The stand sold produce is in a street marketplace .
entailment	A little dog searching up to his loving landlord .	A dog is searching up .
entailment	A small dog quest up to his loving landlord .	A dog is searches up .
entailment	A petite dog search up to his loving owner .	A dog is searching up .
entailment	A brown and white dog is chained up near a red chair .	The dog is chained to a chair .
entailment	A brown and white dog is chained up near a red chair .	The dog is chained to a chair .
entailment	A brown and white dog is chained up near a red chair .	The dog is chained to a chair .
entailment	A female within the foreground is header toward a mammoth white colored pillar that is apart of a hefty building with people are loitering or wait on the steps of said building .	There are numerous people outboard of a building .
entailment	A females within the foreground is heading toward a monumental white colored pillar that is apart of a huge building with people are loitering or wait on the steps of said building .	There are various people outer of a building .
entailment	A females within the foreground is heading towards a mammoth white colored pillar that is apart of a gigantic building with people are loitering or waiting on the steps of said building .	There are multiple people exterior of a building .
entailment	A woman in a red shirt looks at a maps while with a view of a river and several vessels in the background .	A woman looks at a maps outdoors , a river and yacht are behind her .
entailment	A women in a red shirt looks at a maps while with a view of a river and several ships in the background .	A women looks at a map outdoors , a river and examine are behind her .
entailment	A females in a red shirt looks at a map while with a view of a river and multiple survey in the background .	A females looks at a map outdoors , a river and exploring are behind her .
entailment	The African American masculine protesting against unlawful sexual .	The men protesting .
entailment	The African American mens demonstrations against unlawful sex .	The male protest .
entailment	The African American men protest against unlawful sexual .	The man protest .
entailment	One kid female in a blue uniformed aid another minors females in a blue sweatshirt with a white bands around her arm .	A person in a uniform
entailment	One adolescents woman in a blue uniformed assisting another kids woman in a blue sweatshirt with a white bands around her arm .	A individuals in a uniform
entailment	One teens woman in a blue uniformed helped another miners female in a blue sweatshirt with a white band around her arm .	A persons in a uniform
entailment	Two dogs either fighting or play together .	There are at minimal two dogs .
entailment	Two dogs either battling or play together .	There are at least two dogs .
entailment	Two dogs either battle or play together .	There are at less two dogs .
entailment	A group of teens boys wearing track jackets stretch their legs on a gym floor as they sit in a circle .	There are boys in the gym .
entailment	A panels of minor boys wearing track jackets stretching their legs on a gym floor as they sit in a circle .	There are boys in the gym .
entailment	A panel of youth boys wearing track jackets stretch their legs on a gym floor as they sit in a circle .	There are boys in the gym .
entailment	A groups of minor boys wearing track jerseys stretch their legs on a gym floor as they sit in a circle .	The boys in their track blazers in the gym stretch their legs .
entailment	A panel of miners boys wearing track blazers stretching their legs on a gym floor as they sit in a circle .	The boys in their track jerseys in the gym stretch their legs .
entailment	A panel of teenagers boys wearing track blazers stretching their legs on a gym floor as they sit in a circle .	The boys in their track jackets in the gym stretching their legs .
entailment	A panel of youthful boys wearing track jerseys stretch their legs on a gym floor as they sit in a circle .	Wearing their track jackets , the boys form a circle and stretching their legs in the gym .
entailment	A groups of teenaged boys wearing track blazers stretch their legs on a gym floor as they sit in a circle .	Wearing their track jerseys , the boys form a circle and stretching their legs in the gym .
entailment	A group of youthful boys wearing track blazers stretch their legs on a gym floor as they sit in a circle .	Wearing their track jerseys , the boys form a circle and stretch their legs in the gym .
entailment	A grouping of adolescence boys wearing track jackets stretch their legs on a gym floor as they sit in a circle .	A groups of boys are preparing to work out .
entailment	A panel of adolescent boys wearing track jerseys stretching their legs on a gym floor as they sit in a circle .	A groups of boys are preparing to work out .
entailment	A panels of young boys wearing track blazers stretching their legs on a gym floor as they sit in a circle .	A panel of boys are preparing to work out .
entailment	A panels of juveniles bands member wearing black perform on instruments including the saxophone and the trombone .	A panel of musicians playing
entailment	A panels of youths bands member wearing negro perform on instruments including the saxophone and the trombone .	A panel of musicians playing
entailment	A groups of child bands members wearing black perform on instruments including the saxophone and the trombone .	A panel of musicians playing
entailment	A woman in a negro jacket and a negro and white striped skirt is watching a females conversations to a little boy sitting on concrete steps .	A individuals is conversation to a youths while another persons watches .
entailment	A woman in a negro jacket and a negro and white striped skirt is watching a women conversation to a small boy sitting on concrete steps .	A individuals is discussions to a juvenile while another individuals watches .
entailment	A woman in a black jacket and a negro and white striped skirt is watching a female conversation to a small boy sitting on concrete steps .	A persons is discussions to a children while another persons watches .
entailment	A panels of youths bands member wearing black perform on instruments including the saxophone and the trombone .	A groups of musicians
entailment	A grouping of kids bands member wearing black perform on instruments including the saxophone and the trombone .	A panels of musicians
entailment	A grouping of smaller band members wearing negro perform on instruments including the saxophone and the trombone .	A grouping of musicians
entailment	A woman in a grey sweatshirt is sitting on the floor with her small dog that is wrapped in a blanket .	The woman is near her dog .
entailment	A woman in a gray sweatshirt is sitting on the floor with her petite dog that is wrapped in a blanket .	The woman is near her dog .
entailment	A females in a gray sweatshirt is sitting on the floor with her small dog that is wrapped in a blanket .	The women is near her dog .
entailment	Two mens sitting in a living room , one wearing cultural clothes and another in a white shirt and shorts , contemplating on their moped and bicycling .	Two mens dressing in multiple types of garment are compared their bicycling and motorbikes .
entailment	Two man sitting in a living room , one wearing cultural garments and another in a white shirt and shorts , contemplating on their motorcycles and bike .	Two men dressing in differing types of garments are compares their cycling and motorcycle .
entailment	Two male sitting in a living rooms , one wearing cultural clothes and another in a white shirt and shorts , contemplating on their motorcycle and bicycles .	Two male dressing in assorted types of apparel are compared their bicycles and cycling .
entailment	Three men sitting in a rooms search at their one cycling and one pedal bicycle .	Men look at their bicycle .
entailment	Three mens sitting in a rooms quest at their one cycle and one pedal motorcycle .	Men look at their mopeds .
entailment	Three mens sitting in a room searching at their one cyclist and one pedal motorcycle .	Men look at their motorbike .
entailment	Two boys running down a outdoor hallway of an flat building , with one running into frame with the other running ahead down the hall .	Two boys are moving at high speeding .
entailment	Two boys running down a outer hallway of an flat building , with one running into frame with the other running ahead down the hall .	Two boys are moving at high speeds .
entailment	Two boys running down a exterior hallway of an flat building , with one running into frame with the other running ahead down the hall .	Two boys are moving at high accelerates .
entailment	The man in the seamen suit is holding literature .	A male is holding literature .
entailment	The male in the seamen suit is holding literature .	A man is holding literature .
entailment	The mens in the seamen suit is holding literature .	A male is holding literature .
entailment	A mens in a jean jacket is reaching into a purse and walking past two females .	man walks past women
entailment	A males in a jean jacket is reaching into a handbag and walking past two women .	man walks past women
entailment	A male in a jean jacket is reaching into a pockets and walking past two woman .	man walks past women
entailment	An east females in sunglasses , shooting archery .	A women wears eyeglasses .
entailment	An eastern woman in sunglasses , shooting archery .	A female wears goggles .
entailment	An eastern women in sunglasses , shooting archery .	A female wears spectacles .
entailment	A man holding a pink cooler is discussions to an ancient women .	A men talks to a women .
entailment	A male holding a pink cooler is discussions to an seniors female .	A male talks to a women .
entailment	A man holding a pink cooler is talking to an older woman .	A man talks to a females .
entailment	Group of people standing on a snowy covered ground , some are holding brooms , there is a dog with the panels .	Group of people with a dog vicinity are outdoor .
entailment	Group of people standing on a snowy covered ground , some are holding brooms , there is a dog with the groups .	Group of people with a dog nearby are outside .
entailment	Group of people standing on a snow cover ground , some are holding brooms , there is a dog with the panels .	Group of people with a dog vicinity are outdoor .
entailment	A adolescents bored in a train with brown hair and his head lie down .	I youthful is lies down on the train .
entailment	A adolescent bored in a train with brown hairdo and his head lies down .	I minors is lurks down on the train .
entailment	A adolescents bored in a train with brown hair and his head lies down .	I juveniles is lurks down on the train .
entailment	A persons sitting on a rock beside a waterfall .	A person is near water
entailment	A persons sitting on a rock beside a waterfall .	A person is near water
entailment	A persons sitting on a rock beside a waterfall .	A individuals is near water
entailment	A woman finishing a marathon races .	A female is finishing a races .
entailment	A woman finish a marathon races .	A females is finishing a errand .
entailment	A female finishes a marathon racing .	A female is completing a races .
entailment	Man and females eating a hotdog .	A masculine and women are sharing a hotdog .
entailment	Man and women eating a hotdog .	A man and females are exchange a hotdog .
entailment	Man and females eating a hotdog .	A male and females are exchanged a hotdog .
entailment	Two male shining peoples shoes .	Two males shining shoes .
entailment	Two man shining peoples shoe .	Two males shining footwear .
entailment	Two male shining peoples shoes .	Two males shining shoes .
entailment	A men examined a moped during a yard sell .	A mens is at a yard sale
entailment	A man probing a cycle during a yard sell .	A male is at a yard sale
entailment	A mens explore a bicycle during a yard sale .	A males is at a yard sale
entailment	A teen men is standing near his motorcycles outside a shop called , `` Sara 's Old Fashioned Ice Cream . ''	The juveniles men is standing .
entailment	A teenagers mens is standing near his mopeds outside a shop called , `` Sara 's Old Fashioned Ice Cream . ''	The kids mens is standing .
entailment	A teenage masculine is standing near his bikes outdoor a shop called , `` Sara 's Old Fashioned Ice Cream . ''	The smaller masculine is standing .
entailment	A mens in a gray shirt and blue shorts is standing outdoor of an age fashioned frosting cream shop named Sara 's Old Fashioned Ice Cream , holding his bicycle up , with a wood like tables , chairs , benches in front of him .	A mens is holding a biking up
entailment	A male in a grey shirt and blue shorts is standing outdoor of an age fashioned frosting cream shop named Sara 's Old Fashioned Ice Cream , holding his cyclist up , with a woods like tables , chair , benches in front of him .	A male is holding a bicycling up
entailment	A man in a grey shirt and blue shorts is standing outside of an antique fashioned frosting cream shop named Sara 's Old Fashioned Ice Cream , holding his cycle up , with a lumber like tables , chairs , benches in front of him .	A mens is holding a moped up
entailment	Two males work outdoor buffing shoe .	Some male are buffing shoe .
entailment	Two male work outdoor buffing shoes .	Some masculine are polishing shoes .
entailment	Two males work exterior buffing shoe .	Some men are polishing shoe .
entailment	A girl making a snow angels , wearing a negro hat and glasses .	A daughters is outer in the snow .
entailment	A girls making a snowy angel , wearing a negro hat and eyeglasses .	A girl is outdoor in the snow .
entailment	A daughters making a snow angels , wearing a black hat and goggles .	A girls is outside in the snow .
entailment	An antiquated couple in vast coats are searches at negro and white pictures displayed on a wall .	Octogenarians admiring the aged images that decorated th wall .
entailment	An aged couple in gigantic coats are searches at black and white photo displayed on a wall .	Octogenarians admiring the aged photographed that decorated th wall .
entailment	An outdated couple in huge coats are search at negro and white photos displayed on a wall .	Octogenarians admiring the age photographs that decorated th wall .
entailment	An aisle at Best Buy with an employee standing at the computers and a Geek Squad sign in the background .	The employee is indoors .
entailment	An aisle at Best Buy with an staffs standing at the computers and a Geek Squad sign in the background .	The personnel is indoors .
entailment	An aisle at Best Buy with an employee standing at the computers and a Geek Squad sign in the background .	The personnel is indoors .
entailment	A shirtless males rock climbs .	A masculine is outside
entailment	A shirtless mens rock climbs .	A masculine is outside
entailment	A shirtless men rock climbs .	A masculine is outside
entailment	A skateboarder sails over white steps .	The skater jumped high over the steps .
entailment	A skateboarder sails over white steps .	The skater jumped high over the steps .
entailment	A skateboarder sails over white steps .	The skater jumped high over the steps .
entailment	Two man in tricky hats look at a building while on the side of a street .	2 men humans are outer with a hat on .
entailment	Two men in harsh hats look at a building while on the side of a street .	2 masculine humans are outdoor with a hat on .
entailment	Two masculine in harsh hats look at a building while on the side of a street .	2 mens humans are outer with a hat on .
entailment	A male looks back while laughing and walking .	A man is looks behind his shoulder to laughing .
entailment	A man looks back while laughing and walking .	A male is looks behind his shoulder to laugh .
entailment	A males looks back while laugh and walking .	A man is looks behind his shoulder to laughing .
entailment	A happy woman quite stands in front of a corporate that displays a closed sign and looks very animated .	A female happily stands by a bussiness showing a closed sign and looks very colorful .
entailment	A happy female quite stands in front of a corporations that displays a closed sign and looks very animated .	A women happily stands by a bussiness showing a closed sign and looks very colorful .
entailment	A happy female quite stands in front of a companies that displays a closed sign and looks very animated .	A women happily stands by a bussiness showing a closed sign and looks very colorful .
entailment	A woman in a garb is sings and having a good deadline .	A female is sung .
entailment	A woman in a frock is sing and having a good schedule .	A women is singing .
entailment	A female in a attire is sung and having a good timetable .	A females is sings .
entailment	A dog is walking down steps .	An animals is walking .
entailment	A dog is walking down steps .	An animal is walking .
entailment	A dog is walking down steps .	An animals is walking .
entailment	Women sitting at steel tables next to a male standing and holding his bicep .	a female is holding a mans bicep
entailment	Women sitting at steel tables next to a masculine standing and holding his bicep .	a females is holding a mans bicep
entailment	Women sitting at steel tables next to a man standing and holding his bicep .	a woman is holding a mans bicep
entailment	A hefty display of artifacts are in a big rooms and around a very heavy display are six people with two people near wooden benches .	People stand in front of a display
entailment	A big display of artifacts are in a enormous room and around a very big display are six people with two people near lumber benches .	People stand in front of a display
entailment	A big display of artifact are in a immense rooms and around a very big display are six people with two people near wood benches .	People stand in front of a display
entailment	A woodwork is working on a roof at a homes being built .	A workman is assisting put a roof on a homes .
entailment	A woodwork is working on a roof at a homes being built .	A workman is help put a roof on a dwelling .
entailment	A woodwork is working on a roof at a house being built .	A workman is helped put a roof on a homes .
entailment	A males talks to two guard as he holds a drink .	The man is holding a drank .
entailment	A males talks to two guards as he holds a drink .	The men is holding a drink .
entailment	A males talks to two guarding as he holds a drank .	The males is holding a drank .
entailment	A blue light rail streetcar goes down a busy street while pedestrians waiting to crossed .	Pedestrians waiting for the tram to pass before crossing the street .
entailment	A blue light rail tram goes down a busy street while pedestrians wait to crossed .	Pedestrians wait for the tram to pass prior crossing the street .
entailment	A blue light rail trams goes down a busy street while pedestrians wait to cross .	Pedestrians waiting for the tram to pass before crossing the street .
entailment	A woman and a baby are watching a boy playing .	a females and a baby watching
entailment	A females and a baby are watching a boy playing .	a women and a baby watching
entailment	A women and a baby are watching a boy play .	a woman and a baby watching
entailment	A teenagers female wearing a yellow shirt and off-white shorts is reading a book while sitting on a park bench .	A women reading a book while sitting on a bench .
entailment	A miners women wearing a yellow shirt and off-white shorts is reading a book while sitting on a park bench .	A female reading a book while sitting on a bench .
entailment	A young females wearing a yellow shirt and off-white shorts is reading a book while sitting on a park bench .	A female reading a book while sitting on a bench .
entailment	It looks like the clown has fallen off the horse .	The clown has fallen off the equestrian .
entailment	It looks like the clown has fallen off the horse .	The clown has fallen off the horse .
entailment	It looks like the clown has fallen off the horse .	The clown has fallen off the horse .
entailment	A male in a corporate suit yelling at the camera .	A masculine is shrieking at a camera .
entailment	A men in a corporations suit shouting at the camera .	A mens is yell at a camera .
entailment	A male in a corporate suit yell at the camera .	A mens is scream at a camera .
entailment	A groups of Chinese people sitting and laying down together on what appears to be a front porch .	A panels of Chinese people are hanging out on a porch .
entailment	A groups of Chinese people sitting and laying down together on what appears to be a front porch .	A grouping of Chinese people are hanging out on a porch .
entailment	A panel of Chinese people sitting and laying down together on what appears to be a front porch .	A group of Chinese people are hanging out on a porch .
entailment	A panel of seven person wearing whitewater gear , white water raft down a river .	There are people in an inflatable examining .
entailment	A grouping of seven individuals wearing whitewater gear , white water raft down a river .	There are people in an inflatable explorer .
entailment	A grouping of seven person wearing whitewater gear , white water raft down a river .	There are people in an inflatable boats .
entailment	A youthful making a sand castle on the beach .	A youthful on a beach .
entailment	A adolescents making a sand castle on the beach .	A child on a beach .
entailment	A teens making a sand castle on the beach .	A miner on a beach .
entailment	Two filth bikers - one in black and red , sporting number 64 , the other in blue and white displaying a red `` 21 '' - round the nook of a tree-lined track .	There are two people and two motorcycle in this photographer .
entailment	Two filth bikers - one in negro and red , athletics number 64 , the other in blue and white displaying a red `` 21 '' - round the corner of a tree-lined track .	There are two people and two cycle in this pictures .
entailment	Two filth bikers - one in black and red , sporting number 64 , the other in blue and white displaying a red `` 21 '' - round the corner of a tree-lined track .	There are two people and two motorcycle in this photographic .
entailment	A masculine wearing a white shirt and negro underpants is falling down onto a bed in front of a window facing the marines .	A males falls down onto his bed
entailment	A males wearing a white shirt and negro breeches is falling down onto a bed in front of a window facing the oceanic .	A males falls down onto his bed
entailment	A males wearing a white shirt and negro slacks is falling down onto a bed in front of a window facing the marines .	A male falls down onto his bed
entailment	A male wearing a white shirt and black underclothes is falling down onto a bed in front of a window facing the nautical .	A males falls down onto a bed
entailment	A mens wearing a white shirt and black slacks is falling down onto a bed in front of a window facing the maritime .	A males falls down onto a bed
entailment	A men wearing a white shirt and negro panties is falling down onto a bed in front of a window facing the nautical .	A males falls down onto a bed
entailment	Two girls -LRB- one attired in blue , and one clothed in pink -RRB- are racing one another on rollerskates .	Two daughter are in a races .
entailment	Two girls -LRB- one dressed in blue , and one clothed in pink -RRB- are races one another on rollerskates .	Two girl are in a race .
entailment	Two girl -LRB- one attired in blue , and one clothed in pink -RRB- are race one another on rollerskates .	Two girl are in a racing .
entailment	A teenagers women wearing jeans and a grey jumper walks across an hollow street .	A female is walking .
entailment	A adolescent female wearing jeans and a gray sweater walks across an hollow street .	A female is walking .
entailment	A adolescent females wearing jeans and a gray jumper walks across an hollow street .	A women is walking .
entailment	A male with a enormous mustache clocks the barber conduct his work through the mirrors that confronts him .	Two people are near each other .
entailment	A mens with a big mustache watches the barber conduct his work through the mirror that confronts him .	Two people are near each other .
entailment	A man with a enormous mustache clocks the barber conduct his work through the mirrors that confront him .	Two people are near each other .
entailment	Woman wearing green pants , blue jacket and sunhat carry food in baskets that are hung over her shoulder .	They walk along carry a bounty of food
entailment	Woman wearing green breeches , blue jacket and sunhat carrying food in baskets that are hung over her shoulder .	They walk along carry a bounty of food
entailment	Woman wearing green pants , blue jacket and sunhat carry food in baskets that are hung over her shoulder .	They walk along carrying a bounty of food
entailment	Two people wearing green raincoats sit in blue bleachers that are otherwise empty .	Two people sit on bleachers
entailment	Two people wearing green raincoats sit in blue bleachers that are otherwise hollow .	Two people sit on bleachers
entailment	Two people wearing green raincoats sit in blue bleachers that are otherwise empty .	Two people sit on bleachers
entailment	A routes crew is working on a pathway with equipment around them .	A crew is working .
entailment	A road crew is working on a paths with equipment around them .	A crew is working .
entailment	A routes crew is working on a pathway with equipment around them .	A crew is working .
entailment	A cadet couple is walking across a crosswalk outer with a very busy bus stopping behind them .	There are people outer .
entailment	A younger couple is walking across a crosswalk exterior with a very busy bus halt behind them .	There are people outdoor .
entailment	A younger couple is walking across a crosswalk exterior with a very busy bus stopping behind them .	There are people outdoor .
entailment	Two little boys wearing sporting jerseys are washing their hands in a public restrooms .	The boys had unclean hands .
entailment	Two small boys wearing sport jackets are wash their hands in a public restroom .	The boys had unclean hands .
entailment	Two small boys wearing sportsman blazers are washing their hands in a public toilet .	The boys had unclean hands .
entailment	Two men in negro blazers behind a white handrail .	The two me are wearing negro jackets
entailment	Two mens in black blazers behind a white handrail .	The two me are wearing black jackets
entailment	Two masculine in negro jerseys behind a white handrail .	The two me are wearing negro jackets
entailment	an archaic females walking down the street .	An seniors woman is shown outdoor .
entailment	an aging female walking down the street .	An seniors women is shown outer .
entailment	an ancient female walking down the street .	An old females is shown outside .
entailment	An older female walking down the street .	A humanity in motion .
entailment	An elder females walking down the street .	A humanity in motion .
entailment	An age females walking down the street .	A mankind in motion .
entailment	A masculine holding a sign of a rainbow elephant .	The person holds a sign .
entailment	A mens holding a sign of a rainbow elephant .	The person holds a sign .
entailment	A man holding a sign of a rainbow elephant .	The person holds a sign .
entailment	A masculine play fetch with two brown dogs .	A men has two dogs playing .
entailment	A males play fetch with two brown dogs .	A men has two dogs play .
entailment	A masculine playing fetch with two brown dogs .	A masculine has two dogs play .
entailment	A male dressed all in negro puts his hands on an art sculpture .	There is a sculture
entailment	A man dressed all in black puts his hands on an art sculpture .	There is a sculture
entailment	A man dressed all in negro puts his hands on an art sculpture .	There is a sculture
entailment	This youngsters is getting a pedicure .	Child getting pedicure .
entailment	This teenagers is getting a pedicure .	Child getting pedicure .
entailment	This juvenile is getting a pedicure .	Child getting pedicure .
entailment	A black-haired women with her hairdo in a high bun is having her head shaved by another women .	A individuals with hair
entailment	A black-haired woman with her hairstyle in a high bun is having her head shaved by another woman .	A individuals with hair
entailment	A black-haired women with her hair in a high bun is having her head shaved by another woman .	A person with hair
entailment	Instructor on Basket weaving at fair	A basket weaving instructor at the fair .
entailment	Instructor on Basket weaving at fair	A basket weaving instructor at the fair .
entailment	Instructor on Basket weaving at fair	A basket weaving instructor at the fair .
entailment	A person with braided hairstyle and a grey sweatshirt covers his mouth and sits in a purple chairs .	A man sits in a purple chairs .
entailment	A person with braided hairstyle and a grey sweatshirt covers his mouth and sits in a purple chair .	A male sits in a purple chair .
entailment	A individuals with braided hair and a grey sweatshirt covers his mouth and sits in a purple chair .	A mens sits in a purple chairs .
entailment	A wall hung with multicolored crosses is visible behind the panels of minors masculine as they opposite .	Young males are talking
entailment	A wall hung with multicolored crosses is visible behind the groups of minors masculine as they opposite .	Young males are talking
entailment	A wall hung with multicolored crosses is visible behind the grouping of kids mens as they converse .	Young man are talking
entailment	A petite girls is swinging .	a minors swings
entailment	A petite girls is swinging .	a underage swings
entailment	A little girl is swinging .	a miner swings
entailment	Two small boys in blue soccer uniform use a woods set of steps to washing their hands in an adult-sized bathrooms .	Two boys washes their hands
entailment	Two petite boys in blue soccer uniformed use a wood set of steps to washing their hands in an adult-sized bathtub .	Two boys wash their hands
entailment	Two small boys in blue soccer standardized use a lumber set of steps to washes their hands in an adult-sized bathhouse .	Two boys washes their hands
entailment	A group of men playing rugby on the sand .	a group of males playing athletics in the sand .
entailment	A panels of men play rugby on the sand .	a panel of man playing athlete in the sand .
entailment	A groups of man play rugby on the sand .	a grouping of masculine play sports in the sand .
entailment	Beautiful girl in white dress steps into the sunshine .	It is a sunny day .
entailment	Beautiful daughters in white attire steps into the sunlight .	It is a sunny day .
entailment	Beautiful girls in white attire steps into the sunshine .	It is a sunny day .
entailment	Beautiful daughter in white attire steps into the sunlight .	A daughter is wearing a frock .
entailment	Beautiful daughters in white dress steps into the sunlight .	A daughter is wearing a dress .
entailment	Beautiful daughters in white garb steps into the sunlight .	A girl is wearing a dress .
entailment	A bundle up toddler is walking over snowy .	A toddler is outer .
entailment	A bundle up toddler is walking over snow .	A toddler is exterior .
entailment	A bundled up toddler is walking over snowy .	A toddler is outdoor .
entailment	A robed dancer holding fire stick entertains a crowd .	A fire performer performing avant a crowd .
entailment	A robed dancer holding fire stick entertains a crowd .	A fire performer performing prior a crowd .
entailment	A robed dancer holding fire stick entertains a crowd .	A fire performer performing before a crowd .
entailment	A topless man straps surfboards on top of his blue vehicles .	A mens secures surfboards on his vehicles .
entailment	A topless man straps surfboards on top of his blue vehicle .	A men secures surfboards on his auto .
entailment	A topless males straps surfboards on top of his blue motors .	A man secures surfboards on his autos .
entailment	A females is using a little scissors on a enormous net .	A woman is using small cutting utensils on a monumental netted .
entailment	A females is using a little scissors on a vast net .	A female is using petite cutting utensils on a jumbo netted .
entailment	A women is using a petite scissors on a mammoth net .	A females is using small cut utensils on a huge netted .
entailment	Two mens heavily immersed in a conversations worth having .	Two males are discussions .
entailment	Two males heavily immersed in a talking worth having .	Two male are talking .
entailment	Two men heavily immersed in a conversations worth having .	Two masculine are talking .
entailment	A naked masculine rides a cycle .	A person bike .
entailment	A hairless male rides a bikes .	A persons bicycling .
entailment	A nude masculine rides a motorbikes .	A persons motorcycle .
entailment	A panels of people celebrating in the street .	There is a celebration going on
entailment	A panels of people celebrating in the street .	There is a celebration going on
entailment	A panels of people celebrating in the street .	There is a celebration going on
entailment	Three adolescent male in a kitchen standing around a stove , one of them is stirring something in a pot .	Three people are standing internal a housing near each other .
entailment	Three teen man in a kitchen standing around a stove , one of them is stirring something in a pot .	Three people are standing inland a dwelling near each other .
entailment	Three adolescents man in a kitchen standing around a stove , one of them is stirring something in a pot .	Three people are standing indoor a homes near each other .
entailment	Two females wearing red are smiling at the camera .	Smiling at the camera the two women wore red
entailment	Two female wearing red are smiling at the camera .	Smiling at the camera the two women wore red
entailment	Two female wearing red are smiling at the camera .	Smiling at the camera the two females wore red
entailment	A lengthy jumper takes flight in an attempt to jump the longest distance possible in a track competitions .	There is someone attempting to leap .
entailment	A long jumper takes flight in an try to jump the longest distance possible in a track competition .	There is someone attempting to jump .
entailment	A long sweater takes flight in an attempt to jump the longest distance possible in a track competitions .	There is someone attempting to jump .
entailment	A lengthy jumper takes flight in an attempt to leap the longest distance possible in a track competition .	A lengthy jumper is jumping a barriers .
entailment	A lengthy sweater takes flight in an attempt to jump the longest distance possible in a track competition .	A long sweater is jumping a obstacles .
entailment	A lengthy sweater takes flight in an attempt to jump the longest distance possible in a track rivalry .	A lengthy sweater is jumping a impediment .
entailment	A males and woman look through CD 's at a street trader .	A male and women shopping
entailment	A males and woman look through CD 's at a street salesmen .	A men and woman shopping
entailment	A masculine and female look through CD 's at a street trader .	A men and females shopping
entailment	A small girls in a colorful shirt holding a flower .	The daughter is holding a flower
entailment	A petite daughters in a colorful shirt holding a flower .	The daughter is holding a flower
entailment	A small girls in a colorful shirt holding a flowering .	The daughters is holding a flower
entailment	This individuals is walking down the street and conversation on their laptop on a windy day .	There is a person discussions on the phone .
entailment	This persons is walking down the street and talking on their movable on a windy day .	There is a individuals conversations on the telephone .
entailment	This persons is walking down the street and conversations on their notebooks on a windy day .	There is a individuals discussions on the telephone .
entailment	Three people are posing on the side of a mountain .	The three people are posing at the mountain .
entailment	Three people are posing on the side of a mountain .	The three people are posing at the mountain .
entailment	Three people are posing on the side of a mountain .	The three people are posing at the mountain .
entailment	Young girl in an bathing suit falling off the ends of a slide into a pool .	A youngsters is moving quicker toward a agency of water .
entailment	Young daughters in an bathing suit falling off the end of a slide into a pool .	A youthful is moving rapids towards a organ of water .
entailment	Young girls in an bathing suit falling off the end of a slide into a pool .	A teenager is moving promptly toward a organs of water .
entailment	Two masculine wearing dirty sportswear are sitting on a sidewalk with their dog and begging for finance using a cardboard sign .	Two males sit outdoors in an urban sphere .
entailment	Two man wearing dirty apparel are sitting on a pavement with their dog and begging for funds using a cardboard sign .	Two male sit outdoors in an urban area .
entailment	Two males wearing dirty clothing are sitting on a sidewalk with their dog and begging for cash using a cardboard sign .	Two masculine sit outdoors in an urban sphere .
entailment	Naked youngsters play on the muddy riverbank .	THE RIVERBANK WAS PLAYED ON BY NUDITY OF KIDS
entailment	Naked teenage playing on the muddy riverbank .	THE RIVERBANK WAS PLAYED ON BY NUDITY OF KIDS
entailment	Naked adolescent play on the muddy riverbank .	THE RIVERBANK WAS PLAYED ON BY NUDITY OF KIDS
entailment	A silhouette of a males fishing .	A male is fishing .
entailment	A silhouette of a males fishing .	A masculine is fishing .
entailment	A silhouette of a men fishing .	A men is fishing .
entailment	A individuals enjoys a beautiful sunny day paragliding .	A persons is enjoying the scenery .
entailment	A individuals enjoys a beautiful sunny day paragliding .	A individuals is enjoying the scenery .
entailment	A person enjoys a beautiful sunny day paragliding .	A individuals is enjoying the scenery .
entailment	Two casually-dressed males , one in a cowboy hat and one in a baseball ceiling , make their manner through a crowd .	A masculine is wearing a cowboy hat .
entailment	Two casually-dressed male , one in a cowboy hat and one in a baseball chap , make their manner through a crowd .	A male is wearing a cowboy hat .
entailment	Two casually-dressed mens , one in a cowboy hat and one in a baseball ceilings , make their way through a crowd .	A males is wearing a cowboy hat .
entailment	Two casually-dressed men , one in a cowboy hat and one in a baseball ceilings , make their manner through a crowd .	There is crowd .
entailment	Two casually-dressed man , one in a cowboy hat and one in a baseball cap , make their way through a crowd .	There is crowd .
entailment	Two casually-dressed mens , one in a cowboy hat and one in a baseball ceilings , make their way through a crowd .	There is crowd .
entailment	Asian class posing for photography with Stormtrooper	The stormtrooper is being photographed .
entailment	Asian class posing for photographs with Stormtrooper	The stormtrooper is being photographed .
entailment	Asian class posing for picture with Stormtrooper	The stormtrooper is being photo .
entailment	A policemen officer standing next his policemen cycle holding a yellow safety jacket .	A police officers and his biking .
entailment	A policeman officer standing next his cop motorcycles holding a yellow safety jacket .	A policeman officers and his bikes .
entailment	A policemen officer standing next his cop moped holding a yellow safety jacket .	A policing officers and his motorbike .
entailment	Two child daughter in bathing suits laugh while standing under a fountain of water .	Two adolescent girl are standing under a fountain of water .
entailment	Two teenager girl in bathing suits laughing while standing under a fountain of water .	Two child daughter are standing under a fountain of water .
entailment	Two teens girls in bathing suits laughing while standing under a fountain of water .	Two kids daughter are standing under a fountain of water .
entailment	A male wearing a businesses suit holds up a drank as the other laughs .	A males drinking with others
entailment	A masculine wearing a corporate suit holds up a drank as the other laughs .	A mens drinking with others
entailment	A masculine wearing a businesses suit holds up a drank as the other laughs .	A men drinking with others
entailment	Clowning around in the toilets , toothpaste makeup !	fooling around in the bathroom
entailment	Clowning around in the toilets , toothpaste makeup !	fooling around in the bathroom
entailment	Clowning around in the toilet , toothpaste makeup !	fooling around in the bathroom
entailment	A females weary from her lengthy day takes a nap on her bed above the sheets and covers .	A lady is lie in bed .
entailment	A woman fatigued from her lengthy day takes a nap on her bed above the sheets and covers .	A dame is lies in bed .
entailment	A females tired from her long day takes a nap on her bed above the sheets and covers .	A lady is lying in bed .
entailment	A females outdoor in the snowy holds a container that produces steamship .	A humanity in snowy .
entailment	A woman outdoor in the snowy holds a container that produces steam .	A mankind in snow .
entailment	A women outdoor in the snow holds a container that produces steamboat .	A human in snow .
entailment	Two street people and a dog sitting on the ground and one is holding an `` out of chance '' sign .	people with a dog
entailment	Two street people and a dog sitting on the ground and one is holding an `` out of luck '' sign .	people with a dog
entailment	Two street people and a dog sitting on the ground and one is holding an `` out of luck '' sign .	people with a dog
entailment	You can see the bottom halves of three boys standing on a pavement with foolish chain sprayed everywhere	There are three boys standing .
entailment	You can see the bottom halves of three boys standing on a pavement with stupid chain sprayed everywhere	There are three boys standing .
entailment	You can see the bottom halves of three boys standing on a pavement with silly strings sprayed everywhere	There are three boys standing .
entailment	A males wearing a checkered shirt , cream suit and tennis footwear sits on a bench .	the guy in funky clothes is on the bench
entailment	A male wearing a checkered shirt , cream suit and tennis shoe sits on a bench .	the guy in funky apparel is on the bench
entailment	A masculine wearing a checkered shirt , cream suit and tennis shoes sits on a bench .	the guy in funky clothes is on the bench
entailment	A male siting on a bench with a briefcase .	The man is outdoors with his briefcase .
entailment	A masculine siting on a bench with a briefcase .	The man is outdoors with his briefcase .
entailment	A males siting on a bench with a briefcase .	The mens is outdoors with his briefcase .
entailment	Two homeless man dressed in gray sit against a wall with a slumber dog on a purple leash .	Two homeless man lean against a wall with a dog .
entailment	Two homeless males dressed in grey sit against a wall with a sleeping dog on a purple leash .	Two homeless man lean against a wall with a dog .
entailment	Two homeless men clothed in gray sit against a wall with a slept dog on a purple leash .	Two homeless men lean against a wall with a dog .
entailment	Person in yellow T-shirt is slept .	A individuals is napping .
entailment	Person in yellow T-shirt is slept .	A individuals is napping .
entailment	Person in yellow T-shirt is sleep .	A persons is napping .
entailment	Some folks pick out the food they want at a party .	The party-goers are perusing the buffet .
entailment	Some folks pick out the food they want at a party .	The party-goers are perusing the buffet .
entailment	Some folks pick out the food they want at a party .	The party-goers are perusing the buffet .
entailment	The blond daughters is opening her drink as she speaks to the individuals with her .	The daughters is conversations to someone while open a drank .
entailment	The blond girl is opened her drink as she speaks to the person with her .	The girls is conversation to someone while opening a drank .
entailment	The blond girl is opens her drank as she speaks to the individuals with her .	The girls is conversation to someone while openings a drink .
entailment	People leap over a mountain crack on a rope .	People are jumping outer .
entailment	People leap over a mountain crevasse on a rope .	People are jumping exterior .
entailment	People jump over a mountain crevasse on a rope .	People are jumping outdoor .
entailment	Group of males standing in a meeting room , talking .	A panel of male are discussions to each other .
entailment	Group of males standing in a meeting rooms , talking .	A groups of male are talking to each other .
entailment	Group of masculine standing in a meetings room , talking .	A group of masculine are discussions to each other .
entailment	A women swings on a rope overlooking a red farmhouse and gated grassland and tall tree .	a woman is outside
entailment	A women swings on a rope overlooking a red farmhouse and gated grasslands and tall tree .	a female is outside
entailment	A female swings on a rope overlooking a red farmhouse and gated grasslands and tall trees .	a woman is outside
entailment	A females smiles while she open a red packets in front of a table with yarn and glass of liquid on it .	The females is about to opened the pack .
entailment	A females smiles while she openings a red packet in front of a table with yarn and glass of liquids on it .	The women is roughly to opens the packages .
entailment	A woman smiles while she openings a red packaged in front of a tables with yarn and glass of fluid on it .	The females is about to opened the packaged .
entailment	A women smiles while she opened a red packets in front of a table with yarn and glass of fluid on it .	The woman is smiling at a packaged .
entailment	A women smiles while she opened a red bundles in front of a table with yarn and glass of fluids on it .	The woman is smiling at a pack .
entailment	A female smiles while she open a red packaged in front of a table with yarn and glass of fluid on it .	The women is smiling at a packed .
entailment	A male and a teenaged girls swimming .	a males and daughters swim
entailment	A mens and a youthful girl swimming .	a men and daughters swim
entailment	A man and a youngsters daughters swimming .	a male and daughters swim
entailment	A men in a competitive field athletes jumps into sand and his spectacles fall off .	A masculine 's glasses fall off .
entailment	A males in a competitive field sports jumps into sand and his eyeglasses fall off .	A male 's goggles fall off .
entailment	A male in a competitive field athletes jumps into sand and his spectacles fall off .	A men 's eyeglasses fall off .
entailment	People audit out a car with all its doors openings in a parking lot in the town .	A auto gate has not been shut
entailment	People check out a vehicles with all its doors opens in a parking batch in the city .	A vehicles gate has not been shut
entailment	People checked out a motor with all its doors opened in a parking batch in the city .	A cars door has not been shut
entailment	A masculine in a dark lengthy rainproof jacket but dehydrated hairdo walks to the left in a town that has recently rained .	a male is walking
entailment	A males in a dark lengthy rainproof jacket but dried hairdo walks to the left in a city that has recently rained .	a masculine is walking
entailment	A masculine in a dark lengthy rainproof jacket but dried hairdo walks to the left in a city that has recently rained .	a male is walking
entailment	a snowboarder wearing a green hat is riding along a metals railing .	A snowboarder is riding along a metals railing while wearing a green hat .
entailment	a snowboarder wearing a green hat is riding along a metal railing .	A snowboarder is riding along a metal railing while wearing a green hat .
entailment	a snowboarder wearing a green hat is riding along a metallic railing .	A snowboarder is riding along a metallic railing while wearing a green hat .
entailment	Two NHL hockey gamers prepare to fighting over a puck during a face off .	The players vigarously competing in their game .
entailment	Two NHL hockey players prepare to fights over a puck during a face off .	The gamers vigarously compete in their game .
entailment	Two NHL hockey gamers prepare to fights over a puck during a face off .	The gamers vigarously competing in their game .
entailment	Three bridesmaids in blue dresses hold the train of a bride 's marries dress .	The bridesmaids are assistance the bride .
entailment	Three bridesmaids in blue dresses hold the train of a bride 's marry dress .	The bridesmaids are aid the bride .
entailment	Three bridesmaids in blue dresses hold the train of a bride 's matrimony frock .	The bridesmaids are aiding the bride .
entailment	Man recorded a videotaped of a females .	A females is being records by a men .
entailment	Man records a video of a woman .	A female is being registered by a masculine .
entailment	Man registering a videotapes of a females .	A woman is being tape by a masculine .
entailment	Little boy getting soaked play an outside water games .	A petite boy is wet outside .
entailment	Little boy getting soaked playing an outdoor water games .	A little boy is wet outer .
entailment	Little boy getting soaked play an outboard water games .	A small boy is wet outside .
entailment	Firefighters in full gear are walking up a ladder .	The firefighers are poised to struggling a fire .
entailment	Firefighters in full gear are walking up a ladder .	The firefighers are braced to battling a fire .
entailment	Firefighters in full gear are walking up a ladder .	The firefighers are readies to battling a fire .
entailment	A girl with curly hairstyle and wearing a patriotic shirt is looking at a monarch butterflies sitting on her left index finger .	A daughters and a butterfly
entailment	A daughter with curly hairdo and wearing a patriotism shirt is searches at a monarch butterflies sitting on her left index finger .	A daughter and a butterfly
entailment	A daughter with curly hairstyle and wearing a patriotic shirt is searching at a monarch butterfly sitting on her left index finger .	A daughters and a butterfly
entailment	A woman doing gymnastics , she is using the balance beam	A females is using gymnastic equipment .
entailment	A females doing gymnastic , she is using the balances beam	A female is using gymnastics equipment .
entailment	A females doing gymnastic , she is using the balance beam	A female is using gymnastic equipment .
entailment	A chef in a kitchen cuts a piece off of a overwhelming slab of rotating meat on a stick , probably lamb .	A human being is in a kitchen with meat in front of him .
entailment	A chef in a kitchen cuts a piece off of a immense slab of rotating meat on a stick , probably lamb .	A mankind being is in a kitchen with meat in front of him .
entailment	A chef in a kitchen cuts a piece off of a mammoth slab of rotating meat on a stick , probably lamb .	A mankind being is in a kitchen with meat in front of him .
entailment	Three adolescence people are sitting in a room and discussions to one another .	There are people indoors .
entailment	Three youth people are sitting in a room and talking to one another .	There are people indoors .
entailment	Three child people are sitting in a room and conversation to one another .	There are people indoors .
entailment	A gymnast is seen defying gravity as she performs an impressive move differing feet above the parallel bars .	the gymnast is a woman
entailment	A gymnast is seen defying gravity as she performs an impressive move differing footing above the parallel bars .	the gymnast is a woman
entailment	A gymnast is seen defying gravity as she performs an impressive move various footing above the parallel bars .	the gymnast is a woman
entailment	A gymnast is seen defying gravity as she performs an impressive move numerous foot above the parallel bars .	a gymanst performing
entailment	A gymnast is seen defying gravity as she performs an impressive move several foot above the parallel bars .	a gymanst performing
entailment	A gymnast is seen defying gravity as she performs an impressive move myriad footing above the parallel bars .	a gymanst performing
entailment	A gymnastic performer is in mid-pose as she finishing her jump .	A gymnast is finish her jump .
entailment	A gymnastics performer is in mid-pose as she finishing her jump .	A gymnast is finishes her leap .
entailment	A gymnastic performer is in mid-pose as she finishes her leap .	A gymnast is completes her leap .
entailment	Six rescuers collaborate to placing an lesions man on a transportation device in snow , mountainous terrain .	six people act together to get another , wound masculine on a transporting in snowy terrain
entailment	Six rescuers collaborated to place an wound males on a transportation device in snowy , mountainous terrain .	six people act together to get another , injured masculine on a transportation in snowy terrain
entailment	Six rescuers collaborated to place an wounds males on a transported device in snow , hilly terrain .	six people act together to get another , injured masculine on a transports in snow terrain
entailment	A individuals with brown hairdo wearing a blue shirt and purple bandanna around their neck is chiseling a design into a round , brick pillar .	The individuals wearing a blue shirt is chiseling on a brick pillar .
entailment	A person with brown hairstyle wearing a blue shirt and purple bandanna around their neck is chiseling a design into a round , brick pillar .	The individuals wearing a blue shirt is chiseling on a brick pillar .
entailment	A individuals with brown hairdo wearing a blue shirt and purple bandanna around their neck is chiseling a design into a round , brick pillar .	The person wearing a blue shirt is chiseling on a brick pillar .
entailment	A mens and a Woman cut dough .	Some dough being cutting by a males and woman .
entailment	A male and a Woman cutting dough .	Some dough being chop by a mens and females .
entailment	A masculine and a Woman cutting dough .	Some dough being cutting by a man and females .
entailment	A smaller boy wearing red Croc sandals climbs a tree with healthy , green leaves .	A underage boy wears sandals .
entailment	A teenager boy wearing red Croc sandals climbs a tree with healthy , green leaves .	A youthful boy wears sandals .
entailment	A miners boy wearing red Croc sandals climbs a trees with healthy , green leaves .	A underage boy wears sandals .
entailment	Six rescuers collaboration to placing an wounds men on a transported device in snowy , mountainous terrain .	six people act to saves a seventh who is injured
entailment	Six rescuers collaborating to place an injured mens on a transports device in snowy , hilly terrain .	six people act to rescues a seventh who is injured
entailment	Six rescuers cooperating to place an wounded men on a transportation device in snow , mountainous terrain .	six people act to saves a seventh who is injured
entailment	A dog catching a Frisbee .	An animals is making contact with a toy .
entailment	A dog catching a Frisbee .	An animal is making contacting with a toy .
entailment	A dog catching a Frisbee .	An animal is making contacting with a toy .
entailment	A beautiful bride walking on a pavement with her novel husband .	A couple walks outdoors together .
entailment	A beautiful bride walking on a pavement with her new husband .	A couple walks outdoors together .
entailment	A beautiful bride walking on a pavement with her novel husband .	A couple walks outdoors together .
entailment	A men in a construction vest is searching at a car .	A construction worker is quest at a car .
entailment	A men in a construction vest is searching at a car .	A construction worker is search at a vehicular .
entailment	A men in a construction vest is quest at a auto .	A construction worker is search at a vehicular .
entailment	A male in a red sweatshirt pushes a giant redwood trees in a snow forester .	A men next to a trees .
entailment	A males in a red sweatshirt pushes a giant redwood trees in a snow forestry .	A male next to a tree .
entailment	A mens in a red sweatshirt pushes a giant redwood trees in a snow forester .	A male next to a tree .
entailment	A men in a red sweatshirt pushes a giant redwood tree in a snowy woodland .	A males pushes a redwood trees in the forester .
entailment	A male in a red sweatshirt pushes a giant redwood trees in a snowy forestry .	A men pushes a redwood tree in the forests .
entailment	A male in a red sweatshirt pushes a giant redwood tree in a snow forester .	A masculine pushes a redwood tree in the forest .
entailment	Red capped males clothed in white shirt and dark shorts is standing on petite green study located water in tall grassy bank .	A males wears a white shirt .
entailment	Red capped male attired in white shirt and dark shorts is standing on petite green sailing located water in tall grassy bank .	A male wears a white shirt .
entailment	Red capped mens dressed in white shirt and dark shorts is standing on small green sailboat located water in tall grassy bank .	A mens wears a white shirt .
entailment	People trying to get warm .	People are trying to warming up .
entailment	People trying to get warming .	People are trying to warm up .
entailment	People trying to get warm .	People are trying to warm up .
entailment	A yellow dog is running in a field near a mountain .	A yellow dog is running outdoors .
entailment	A yellow dog is running in a field near a mountain .	A yellow dog is running outdoors .
entailment	A yellow dog is running in a field near a mountain .	A yellow dog is running outdoors .
entailment	A masculine and two minor standing in front of an seniors building .	A mens is standing with two miners .
entailment	A man and two teens standing in front of an outdated building .	A man is standing with two minors .
entailment	A males and two teens standing in front of an senior building .	A males is standing with two underage .
entailment	A man with two little boys making a buying from a woman .	The males brings two little boys with him to buy something from a woman .
entailment	A mens with two petite boys making a buys from a female .	The males brings two little boys with him to buy something from a woman .
entailment	A men with two little boys making a purchasing from a females .	The men brings two petite boys with him to buy something from a female .
entailment	Police officers wearing a brown standardized talks into a wireless mics .	A police officer is moving his mouth .
entailment	Police officers wearing a brown uniforms talks into a wireless microphone .	A policemen officers is moving his mouth .
entailment	Police officers wearing a brown uniformed talks into a wireless mics .	A cop officer is moving his mouth .
entailment	A little daughters in a green shirt plays on a swing .	girl plays swing
entailment	A little daughter in a green shirt plays on a swing .	girl plays swing
entailment	A little girl in a green shirt plays on a swing .	girl plays swing
entailment	Three woman are dance among the bamboo .	A grouping of females dance .
entailment	Three women are dance among the bamboo .	A groups of female dancing .
entailment	Three female are dance among the bamboo .	A panel of females dancing .
entailment	A mens wearing noise-canceling earphones and a breath mask works on a white sculpture .	a men wearing handset working on a sculpture
entailment	A masculine wearing noise-canceling headphones and a breathing mask works on a white sculpture .	a male wearing earphone working on a sculpture
entailment	A male wearing noise-canceling earphones and a breathe mask works on a white sculpture .	a masculine wearing earphones working on a sculpture
entailment	Three female are sitting on a green bench looking out at the coastline .	The females are outdoors .
entailment	Three woman are sitting on a green bench searching out at the coastline .	The woman are outdoors .
entailment	Three woman are sitting on a green bench search out at the ribs .	The women are outdoors .
entailment	A carver wearing yellow headphones is cutting stone .	The men is sculpting a piece of art .
entailment	A sculptor wearing yellow earphones is cutting stone .	The male is sculpting a piece of art .
entailment	A sculptor wearing yellow earphones is cut stone .	The male is sculpting a piece of art .
entailment	A male wearing negro carving stone .	A masculine is wearing negro .
entailment	A masculine wearing negro carving stone .	A mens is wearing negro .
entailment	A mens wearing negro carving stone .	A man is wearing black .
entailment	A man has wrecked his errand biking in the dirt with fifth viewers behind a rope .	A mens has damaged something .
entailment	A mens has wrecked his errand moped in the dirt with five spectators behind a rope .	A males has damaged something .
entailment	A male has wrecked his errand motorbikes in the filth with fifth viewers behind a rope .	A males has damaged something .
entailment	A petite juvenile in a blue helmet is riding a bikes with training wheels on it down a pebbled grassy trail .	A miner in a helmet rides a motorbike with training wheel .
entailment	A petite teen in a blue helmet is riding a moped with training wheeled on it down a pebbled grassy trail .	A juvenile in a helmet rides a motorcycles with training wheel .
entailment	A little miners in a blue helmet is riding a motorbike with training wheeled on it down a pebbled grassy trail .	A kid in a helmet rides a cycle with training wheeled .
entailment	A mens on stages in the act of jumping , with a petite boy in the background really enjoying it .	A boy happily watches a men jumping on a stage .
entailment	A males on stages in the act of jumping , with a petite boy in the background really enjoying it .	A boy happily watches a man jumping on a stage .
entailment	A masculine on stage in the act of jumping , with a petite boy in the background really enjoying it .	A boy happily watches a males jumping on a stages .
entailment	A woman wearing a beige sweater and black underpants conversations to mens wearing negro trousers and top	The mens and woman who are conversation are both wearing negro pants .
entailment	A woman wearing a beige sweater and black underpants talking to male wearing black breeches and top	The man and women who are conversation are both wearing black underclothes .
entailment	A women wearing a beige jumper and black slacks conversations to men wearing negro slacks and top	The males and woman who are conversation are both wearing black underclothes .
entailment	A children females in tight trousers talks to a man in the street .	A kid gal in snug panties chats with a guy in the route .
entailment	A juveniles female in tight pants talks to a mens in the street .	A kids gal in snug pants chats with a guy in the routes .
entailment	A juveniles woman in tight underclothes talks to a men in the street .	A teenaged gal in snug panties chats with a guy in the routing .
entailment	On a bright and sonny day a men with blue trunks and white and blue shirt appears to be preparing to take a canoe ride	A masculine is approximately to ride in a canoeing .
entailment	On a bright and sonny day a mens with blue trunks and white and blue shirt appears to be preparing to take a skiff ride	A males is about to ride in a dinghy .
entailment	On a bright and sonny day a men with blue trunks and white and blue shirt appears to be preparing to take a canoe ride	A man is roughly to ride in a rowboat .
entailment	Two woman in negro enjoying a lunch in a restaurant .	Women are eating
entailment	Two females in black enjoying a lunch in a restaurant .	Women are eating
entailment	Two women in negro enjoying a lunch in a restaurant .	Women are eating
entailment	A masculine in a black tank top wearing a red whisky hat	A masculine in a hat .
entailment	A men in a black tank top wearing a red whiskey hat	A man in a hat .
entailment	A mens in a negro tank top wearing a red plaid hat	A males in a hat .
entailment	A females with red-hair and a leather jacket holds a harp in front of a snowy forest .	The females is holding an instrument .
entailment	A females with red-hair and a leather jacket holds a harp in front of a snowy forests .	The woman is holding an instrument .
entailment	A female with red-hair and a leather jacket holds a harp in front of a snow forests .	The woman is holding an instrument .
entailment	Six people appearing to be planting something in the ground .	People are dig up the earth
entailment	Six people appearing to be planting something in the ground .	People are digs up the earth
entailment	Six people appearing to be planting something in the ground .	People are excavating up the earth
entailment	A males with a latex glove and negro t-shit is standing in front of a Chevy van .	a male standing in front of a van
entailment	A men with a latex glove and negro t-shit is standing in front of a Chevy van .	a male standing in front of a van
entailment	A men with a latex glove and black t-shit is standing in front of a Chevy van .	a mens standing in front of a van
entailment	Two people standing behind a Sonoma display and a woman with a stroller on the other side .	Two people are near a Sonoma boutique .
entailment	Two people standing behind a Sonoma display and a woman with a stroller on the other side .	Two people are near a Sonoma store .
entailment	Two people standing behind a Sonoma display and a female with a stroller on the other side .	Two people are near a Sonoma boutique .
entailment	A blond females in a negro shirt is standing behind a counter .	The woman is standing .
entailment	A blond female in a black shirt is standing behind a counter .	The female is standing .
entailment	A blond women in a black shirt is standing behind a counter .	The female is standing .
entailment	myriad brides wearing white dresses are holding red roses	There is a groups of brides .
entailment	many brides wearing white dresses are holding red roses	There is a panel of brides .
entailment	varied brides wearing white dresses are holding red roses	There is a panel of brides .
entailment	A boy and girl kissing in the sunset .	Two people are kiss .
entailment	A boy and daughter kissing in the sunset .	Two people are kissing .
entailment	A boy and girls kissing in the sunset .	Two people are kiss .
entailment	A baby is eating aqua-colored cake very messily .	A baby eating cake messily .
entailment	A baby is eating aqua-colored cake very messily .	A baby eating cake messily .
entailment	A baby is eating aqua-colored cake very messily .	A baby eating cake messily .
entailment	A women cooks in an apron is smiling at the camera with two other cooking in the background .	A women searching at the camera .
entailment	A females cooking in an apron is smiling at the camera with two other cooking in the background .	A woman search at the camera .
entailment	A females cook in an apron is smiling at the camera with two other cooking in the background .	A females searching at the camera .
entailment	Two butchers are walking through their shop .	Two workers are preforming their jobs .
entailment	Two butchers are walking through their shop .	Two workers are preforming their jobs .
entailment	Two butchers are walking through their shop .	Two workers are preforming their jobs .
entailment	A mens in a white shirt speaks into a microphone as other men gather behind him at a public events .	A males in a white shirt is making a speeches in front of a crowd .
entailment	A men in a white shirt speaks into a microphone as other males gather behind him at a public events .	A mens in a white shirt is making a speeches in front of a crowd .
entailment	A males in a white shirt speaks into a microphone as other males gather behind him at a public event .	A males in a white shirt is making a speech in front of a crowd .
entailment	Two daughters stand in front of two mens sells what appears to be concert merchandise while a female holding a mics interviews the males behind the merchandise counter .	people are standing in line at a concert
entailment	Two daughters stand in front of two mens sale what appears to be concert merchandise while a woman holding a microphone interviews the masculine behind the merchandise counter .	people are standing in line at a concert
entailment	Two daughter stand in front of two men selling what appears to be concert merchandise while a woman holding a mics interviews the males behind the merchandise counter .	people are standing in line at a concert
entailment	Two girls stand in front of two males selling what appears to be concert merchandise while a female holding a mics interviews the man behind the merchandise counter .	girls can stand
entailment	Two daughters stand in front of two men sell what appears to be concert merchandise while a females holding a microphone interviews the man behind the merchandise counter .	girls can stand
entailment	Two daughters stand in front of two man sell what appears to be concert merchandise while a females holding a microphone interviews the man behind the merchandise counter .	girls can stand
entailment	The boys are play with Legos .	Boys are playing .
entailment	The boys are play with Legos .	Boys are playing .
entailment	The boys are play with Legos .	Boys are playing .
entailment	Three people are riding a carriage pulled by four horses .	The people are taking a carriage ride .
entailment	Three people are riding a carriage pulled by four horses .	The people are taking a carriage ride .
entailment	Three people are riding a carriage pulled by four horses .	The people are taking a carriage ride .
entailment	Black and yellow teams are trying to get the basketball in the purposes .	Two teams are playing a athlete .
entailment	Black and yellow teams are trying to get the basketball in the target .	Two teams are playing a athletes .
entailment	Black and yellow teams are trying to get the basketball in the intent .	Two teams are play a sportsman .
entailment	People are coming down a notebook staircase built through a tunnel , which has three of those staircases .	People are descending in a tunnel .
entailment	People are coming down a notebook stairway built through a tunnels , which has three of those staircases .	People are descending in a tunnel .
entailment	People are coming down a laptops stairway built through a tunnel , which has three of those staircases .	People are descending in a tunnel .
entailment	A gymnast using a set of paralleled bars .	A gymnast is performing a normal on the bars .
entailment	A gymnast using a set of paralleled bars .	A gymnast is performing a normal on the bars .
entailment	A gymnast using a set of paralleled bars .	A gymnast is performing a routine on the bars .
entailment	A man wearing a negro coat is walking .	A males wearing a coat .
entailment	A mens wearing a negro coat is walking .	A masculine wearing a coat .
entailment	A men wearing a negro coat is walking .	A man wearing a coat .
entailment	A grouping of adolescent playing with props	The youth are playing .
entailment	A grouping of youngsters play with props	The youth are play .
entailment	A group of teenager play with props	The teenaged are play .
entailment	The squirrel sits straight up in the grass .	A chipmunk sits in the grass .
entailment	The chipmunk sits straight up in the grass .	A chipmunk sits in the grass .
entailment	The squirrel sits straight up in the grass .	A chipmunk sits in the grass .
entailment	A crowd of people at a county fair watch three mens agitate a mammoth bull .	Three males bother a bull as people watch .
entailment	A crowd of people at a county fair watch three mens agitate a massive bull .	Three men bother a bull as people watch .
entailment	A crowd of people at a county fair watch three males agitate a enormous bull .	Three male bother a bull as people watch .
entailment	A little girls in a gray shirt smiles as she brushes her teeth with a yellow and orange toothbrush .	A daughter in gray smiles as she brushes her teeth .
entailment	A little girls in a grey shirt smiles as she brushes her teeth with a yellow and orange toothbrush .	A daughters in gray smiles as she brushes her teeth .
entailment	A petite daughters in a gray shirt smiles as she brushes her teeth with a yellow and orange toothbrush .	A girl in gray smiles as she brushes her teeth .
entailment	An Asian females is standing on a paths with a basket on her head looking into a mirrored she is holding in her hand .	A individuals standing
entailment	An Asian woman is standing on a road with a basket on her head looking into a mirrored she is holding in her hand .	A person standing
entailment	An Asian females is standing on a routing with a basket on her head looking into a mirrored she is holding in her hand .	A person standing
entailment	A teens boy in an orange shirt and khaki underpants dots his toy at the camera while he stands in front of the fencing .	A boy with a toy
entailment	A kids boy in an orange shirt and khaki trousers dots his toy at the camera while he stands in front of the fencing .	A boy with a toy
entailment	A young boy in an orange shirt and khaki breeches dot his toy at the camera while he stands in front of the fencing .	A boy with a toy
entailment	A snowboarder on a wide plain of snow	A snowy field with a snowboarder on it
entailment	A snowboarder on a broad plain of snow	A snow field with a snowboarder on it
entailment	A snowboarder on a extensive plain of snow	A snowy field with a snowboarder on it
entailment	A panels of people are in a special formation on a soccer field .	There are at minimum 2 people .
entailment	A panels of people are in a special formation on a soccer field .	There are at less 2 people .
entailment	A group of people are in a special formation on a soccer field .	There are at least 2 people .
entailment	A images and assistant take a pictures of a male in a suit and a woman in a dress in front of overwhelming white columns and a yellow wall .	The man is getting his photographer taken .
entailment	A photographed and helpers take a photo of a men in a suit and a female in a garb in front of overwhelming white columns and a yellow wall .	The mens is getting his photograph taken .
entailment	A photography and assistant take a photographer of a male in a suit and a females in a dress in front of monumental white columns and a yellow wall .	The men is getting his photos taken .
entailment	A man with a striped black and white shirt and a helmet cleans lumber floor while another one helping him on the background .	A man is in a building cleanliness .
entailment	A male with a striped black and white shirt and a helmet cleans lumber floor while another one aid him on the background .	A mens is in a building cleanup .
entailment	A mens with a striped negro and white shirt and a helmet cleans woods floor while another one aids him on the background .	A male is in a building cleanup .
entailment	A dog jumps to catch a red ball outer .	the dog is jumping .
entailment	A dog jumps to catch a red ball outdoor .	the dog is jumping .
entailment	A dog jumps to catch a red ball exterior .	the dog is jumping .
entailment	Two women martial artists demonstrate a kick for an audience .	Two martial artists demonstrate moves for the audience .
entailment	Two women martial artists demonstrate a kick for an audience .	Two martial artists demonstrate moves for the audience .
entailment	Two woman martial artists demonstrate a kick for an audience .	Two martial artists demonstrate moves for the audience .
entailment	Two men are sitting in a restaurant while one of them holds a piece of paper up to the camera .	Paper is being held up to a camera .
entailment	Two mens are sitting in a restaurant while one of them holds a piece of paper up to the camera .	Paper is being held up to a camera .
entailment	Two man are sitting in a restaurant while one of them holds a piece of paper up to the camera .	Paper is being held up to a camera .
entailment	Two masculine are sitting in a restaurant while one of them holds a piece of paper up to the camera .	He takes a photograph of the piece of paper .
entailment	Two masculine are sitting in a restaurant while one of them holds a piece of paper up to the camera .	He takes a picture of the piece of paper .
entailment	Two masculine are sitting in a restaurant while one of them holds a piece of paper up to the camera .	He takes a picture of the piece of paper .
entailment	A men and a teenagers are purchase icing cream from a man with a hand pushed icing cream cart .	People are purchases food from a street merchants .
entailment	A masculine and a teenaged are purchases icing cream from a men with a hand pushed ice cream cart .	People are purchase food from a street dealer .
entailment	A males and a juvenile are purchases icing cream from a masculine with a hand pushed frosting cream cart .	People are purchase food from a street dealers .
entailment	A man in a leather jacket and goggles walks across an intersection while a men in a grey sweatshirt and white hat looks on .	A masculine is walking across an junction .
entailment	A mens in a leather jacket and spectacles walks across an intersection while a male in a gray sweatshirt and white hat looks on .	A man is walking across an intersection .
entailment	A man in a leather jacket and eyeglasses walks across an junction while a male in a grey sweatshirt and white hat looks on .	A male is walking across an junction .
entailment	A male wearing a white shirt and a hat , riding his bicycles , makes an obscene gesture to the photographer	The man on a bicycling was rude to the photos .
entailment	A males wearing a white shirt and a hat , riding his motorcycle , makes an obscene gesture to the photographer	The masculine on a cycle was rude to the photographer .
entailment	A mens wearing a white shirt and a hat , riding his bike , makes an obscene gesture to the photographer	The male on a cycling was rude to the photograph .
entailment	A tours bus parked in a park .	there is a buss in this picture
entailment	A tour bus parked in a park .	there is a buss in this picture
entailment	A tour bus parked in a park .	there is a buss in this picture
entailment	A male is standing in the doorway of a building .	A males is in a building .
entailment	A men is standing in the doorway of a building .	A mens is in a building .
entailment	A men is standing in the doorway of a building .	A masculine is in a building .
entailment	A white and brown dog is standing on its back legs next to a female and a table with a gingerbread houses on it .	A dog is in the kitchen with an female .
entailment	A white and brown dog is standing on its back legs next to a women and a tables with a gingerbread homes on it .	A dog is in the kitchen with an females .
entailment	A white and brown dog is standing on its back legs next to a women and a tables with a gingerbread housing on it .	A dog is in the kitchen with an women .
entailment	A female wearing a red coat stands on a lumber floor in front of several paint while two daughters sit on the floor at her feet .	Woman views paintings with two girls at her foot .
entailment	A female wearing a red coat stands on a wood floor in front of differing paintings while two girls sit on the floor at her feet .	Woman opinions paintings with two girls at her feet .
entailment	A female wearing a red coat stands on a woods floor in front of numerous painting while two daughters sit on the floor at her feet .	Woman views painted with two girls at her footing .
entailment	Construction workers on elevator working on a building .	There are man working on a building .
entailment	Construction workers on silo working on a building .	There are males working on a building .
entailment	Construction workers on silo working on a building .	There are males working on a building .
entailment	Three males are carrying a red purse into a browse with another persons and studies in the background .	Some people put something in a investigating in a place with more than one boats .
entailment	Three males are carrying a red satchel into a surveys with another persons and probing in the background .	Some people put something in a explores in a placing with more than one exploring .
entailment	Three males are carry a red bag into a sailing with another individuals and investigate in the background .	Some people put something in a explore in a placing with more than one examine .
entailment	Three males , who appear to be Asian , are conversing near a carved wall , while another man sits on a bench with his eyes closed .	A panel of males conversation .
entailment	Three males , who appear to be Asian , are conversing near a carved wall , while another male sits on a bench with his eyes closed .	A group of masculine discussions .
entailment	Three males , who appear to be Asian , are conversing near a carved wall , while another men sits on a bench with his eyes closed .	A grouping of men discussions .
entailment	A white females wait in line .	The women is standing around wait .
entailment	A white female waiting in line .	The female is standing around waiting .
entailment	A white females wait in line .	The woman is standing around waiting .
entailment	A little girl carries a younger girls on the sidewalk .	the girl is little
entailment	A small girl carries a cadet daughters on the pavement .	the girl is little
entailment	A petite girls carries a younger daughter on the sidewalk .	the daughters is little
entailment	A lady and a males in a hat watch baseball from the stands .	Two people , one with a hat , can see baseball from where they are .
entailment	A dame and a males in a hat watch baseball from the stands .	Two people , one with a hat , can see baseball from where they are .
entailment	A dame and a men in a hat watch baseball from the stands .	Two people , one with a hat , can see baseball from where they are .
entailment	People are sitting at table .	People are seated at table .
entailment	People are sitting at table .	People are seated at table .
entailment	People are sitting at tables .	People are seated at tables .
entailment	Scientists frantically research ways to finally eliminate man baldness .	Scientists are working on a cure
entailment	Scientists frantically research ways to finally eliminate male baldness .	Scientists are working on a cure
entailment	Scientists frantically researching ways to finally eliminate men baldness .	Scientists are working on a cure
entailment	Two men are search through microscopes in a room .	There are men using scientific instruments .
entailment	Two male are looking through microscopes in a rooms .	There are mens using scientific instruments .
entailment	Two males are quest through microscopes in a rooms .	There are man using science instruments .
entailment	A climber about to descend down a mountain with a blue helmet on .	A climber is standing on a mountain .
entailment	A climber approximately to descend down a mountain with a blue helmet on .	A mountaineer is standing on a mountain .
entailment	A mountaineer approximately to descend down a mountain with a blue helmet on .	A climber is standing on a mountain .
entailment	A woman in blue panties and a light-blue top looks down at her hand while standing near a dirty grey truck and surrounded by muddy ground .	The truck that the woman in blue is standing next to could truly use a good cleanliness , as it 's surrounded in mud .
entailment	A female in blue underclothes and a light-blue top looks down at her hand while standing near a dirty gray truck and surrounded by muddy ground .	The truck that the females in blue is standing next to could really use a good cleanliness , as it 's surrounded in mud .
entailment	A females in blue panties and a light-blue top looks down at her hand while standing near a dirty grey truck and surrounded by muddy ground .	The truck that the females in blue is standing next to could really use a good cleanliness , as it 's surrounded in clay .
entailment	A female in a red jacket walks down the street in the rain .	Women walks through the rain
entailment	A female in a red jacket walks down the street in the rain .	Women walks through the rain
entailment	A females in a red jacket walks down the street in the rain .	Women walks through the rain
entailment	Man holding torch of fire .	There is a masculine .
entailment	Man holding torch of fire .	There is a man .
entailment	Man holding torch of fire .	There is a mens .
entailment	A bald male is getting out of a petite blue automobiles .	The masculine is bald .
entailment	A bald men is getting out of a little blue car .	The masculine is bald .
entailment	A bald man is getting out of a small blue automobiles .	The man is bald .
entailment	Woman altering her eyeglasses .	Woman adjusts her glasses .
entailment	Woman change her glasses .	Woman adjusts her goggles .
entailment	Woman change her glasses .	Woman adjusts her goggles .
entailment	A men pushing a hand-truck of boxes is bending over to pick up a pear .	A happy males is picking up a pear .
entailment	A masculine pushing a hand-truck of boxes is bending over to pick up a pear .	A happy masculine is picking up a pear .
entailment	A mens pushing a hand-truck of boxes is bending over to pick up a pear .	A happy masculine is picking up a pear .
entailment	A man pushing a hand-truck of boxes is bending over to pick up a pear .	A man is pushing a hand truck .
entailment	A mens pushing a hand-truck of boxes is bending over to pick up a pear .	A masculine is pushing a hand truck .
entailment	A men pushing a hand-truck of boxes is bending over to pick up a pear .	A male is pushing a hand truck .
entailment	A child boy wearing an orange uniform stands on the field near a colorful ball .	A boy is with a ball .
entailment	A teenager boy wearing an orange standardized stands on the field near a colorful ball .	A boy is with a ball .
entailment	A juveniles boy wearing an orange uniformed stands on the field near a colorful ball .	A boy is with a ball .
entailment	A male and a women are holding hands on the shoreline of a lake .	A couple holds hands on the shoreline .
entailment	A men and a females are holding hands on the shoreline of a lake .	A couple holds hands on the shore .
entailment	A male and a female are holding hands on the shoreline of a lake .	A couple holds hands on the shoreline .
entailment	A panel of males on a beach are chases another males who is carry a ball .	The males are on the beach .
entailment	A panels of men on a beach are hunts another men who is carry a ball .	The males are on the beach .
entailment	A group of males on a beach are hunts another men who is carrying a ball .	The mens are on the beach .
entailment	A youngsters smiling girl is holding a upholstered zoo in one hand and a candy apple in the other .	A minors smiling daughters is holding a stuffed zoo in one hand
entailment	A children smiling girl is holding a upholstered animals in one hand and a candy apple in the other .	A young smiling girls is holding a upholstered zoo in one hand
entailment	A children smiling girl is holding a upholstered animals in one hand and a candy apple in the other .	A underage smiling daughters is holding a stuffed animals in one hand
entailment	A children smiling girl is holding a stuffed zoo in one hand and a candy apple in the other .	A adolescence smiling girls is holding a cute stuffed animal in one hand
entailment	A kid smiling girl is holding a stuffed animals in one hand and a candy apple in the other .	A minors smiling daughter is holding a cute stuffed zoo in one hand
entailment	A teenaged smiling daughter is holding a stuffed animals in one hand and a candy apple in the other .	A teens smiling daughter is holding a cute upholstered animals in one hand
entailment	Man with tattooing is lie down in the sand next to a cow .	The masculine is outdoors and with animals .
entailment	Man with tattooing is lurks down in the sand next to a cow .	The man is outdoors and with animals .
entailment	Man with tattooing is lies down in the sand next to a cow .	The mens is outdoors and with animal .
entailment	A groups stands and clocks two males , apparently dressed in some sorted of costume , wrestle on the ground .	there are people wrestling
entailment	A group stands and watches two men , apparently dressed in some sorted of costume , wrestle on the ground .	there are people wrestling
entailment	A grouping stands and watches two males , apparently clothed in some kind of costume , wrestle on the ground .	there are people wrestling
entailment	Two workers in green uniform are standing in an alleyway .	There are myriad people present .
entailment	Two workers in green uniforms are standing in an alleyway .	There are varying people present .
entailment	Two workers in green uniform are standing in an alley .	There are assorted people present .
entailment	A man wearing protecting gear grinds down a huge metals object .	There is a men working .
entailment	A man wearing defensive gear grinds down a hefty metals object .	There is a male working .
entailment	A males wearing protect gear grinds down a jumbo metals object .	There is a masculine working .
entailment	Two rescued guys searching at a guy on a stretcher	A men on a stretcher .
entailment	Two rescuing guys quest at a guy on a stretcher	A male on a stretcher .
entailment	Two rescue guys looking at a guy on a stretcher	A men on a stretcher .
entailment	Three minor are playing on a swing in the garden .	There are juveniles outside .
entailment	Three teenager are play on a swing in the garden .	There are teen outer .
entailment	Three kid are playing on a swing in the garden .	There are minor outer .
entailment	Three petite teenager on a swing set ; one is upside down , one hanging from the top bar , and on a swing .	three youths on a swing set
entailment	Three small minor on a swing set ; one is upside down , one hanging from the top bar , and on a swing .	three teens on a swing set
entailment	Three little kid on a swing set ; one is upside down , one hanging from the top bar , and on a swing .	three minor on a swing set
entailment	Villagers pulling in the fishes navigate .	There are people pulling a shipping .
entailment	Villagers pulling in the fishes navigator .	There are people pulling a survey .
entailment	Villagers pulling in the fishes vessel .	There are people pulling a studied .
entailment	A male , with a blue wrapping around his footing , is approximately to kick another man , with a red cloth hanging from his belt , in the head .	a masculine is going to kick another man
entailment	A man , with a blue wrapping around his feet , is approximately to kick another mens , with a red cloth hanging from his belt , in the head .	a man is going to kick another man
entailment	A mens , with a blue wrapping around his foot , is about to kick another man , with a red cloth hanging from his belt , in the head .	a masculine is going to kick another man
entailment	A teenagers looks at a cacti garden .	A mankind is searching at plants .
entailment	A miner looks at a cactus garden .	A mankind is search at plants .
entailment	A juvenile looks at a cacti garden .	A humanity is search at plants .
entailment	A men with guns folded in front of his torso sitting next to at less one other individuals , laugh .	two people sit together
entailment	A males with pistol folded in front of his chest sitting next to at least one other person , laughing .	two people sit together
entailment	A masculine with weapon folded in front of his chest sitting next to at minimal one other person , laugh .	two people sit together
entailment	A males and a woman are showing their kids their little baby .	A man and females show off their baby .
entailment	A mens and a woman are showing their teenagers their little baby .	A man and female show off their baby .
entailment	A man and a female are showing their minor their petite baby .	A men and women show off their baby .
entailment	A crowd of people in winter attire gather in the street against a backdrop of nude trees and snow .	A crowd of people gathers in a street n winter calendar .
entailment	A crowd of people in winter attire gather in the street against a backdrop of bare trees and snowy .	A crowd of people gathers in a street n winter periods .
entailment	A crowd of people in winter dress gather in the street against a backdrop of bare trees and snow .	A crowd of people gathers in a street n winter calendar .
entailment	The three adolescents kids played with some toilets paper in the grass .	The three underage juveniles are outer .
entailment	The three children kid played with some toilet paper in the grass .	The three adolescent adolescence are outside .
entailment	The three adolescent teens played with some restrooms paper in the grass .	The three adolescent juvenile are outer .
entailment	Two male and one woman playing in a fountain of water .	There are people in the fountain .
entailment	Two masculine and one females playing in a fountain of water .	There are people in the fountain .
entailment	Two male and one female play in a fountain of water .	There are people in the fountain .
entailment	Two teen juvenile , one wearing a red striped shirt , are looking in through the window while an adult in a pink shirt clocks from behind .	A persons in a shirt
entailment	Two teenager kid , one wearing a red striped shirt , are looking in through the window while an grownup in a pink shirt watches from behind .	A person in a shirt
entailment	Two smaller teenaged , one wearing a red striped shirt , are search in through the window while an adults in a pink shirt clocks from behind .	A persons in a shirt
entailment	A mens wearing a hat and carrying a bag	A males is carry a satchel .
entailment	A masculine wearing a hat and carry a bag	A male is carrying a pockets .
entailment	A masculine wearing a hat and carrying a bag	A mens is carry a purse .
entailment	A crowd of people shopping at a street marketplace in an urban zone with buildings and a statue in background .	the crowd of people are shopping .
entailment	A crowd of people shopping at a street markets in an urban areas with buildings and a statue in background .	the crowd of people are shopping .
entailment	A crowd of people shopping at a street market in an urban sphere with buildings and a statue in background .	the crowd of people are shopping .
entailment	Men wearing paint clothing are standing in the rain .	Men are getting wet with the rain .
entailment	Men wearing paintings clothing are standing in the rain .	Men are getting wet with the rain .
entailment	Men wearing painting sportswear are standing in the rain .	Men are getting wet with the rain .
entailment	Three male are quest forwards and laugh .	Three masculine find something funny .
entailment	Three male are searching forward and laughing .	Three man unearth something funny .
entailment	Three male are search forward and laugh .	Three male find something funny .
entailment	A woman on the sidewalk blocks the sun from her eyes to peer down the street .	A female covers part of her face .
entailment	A females on the sidewalk blocks the sun from her eyes to peer down the street .	A women covers part of her face .
entailment	A females on the pavement blocks the sun from her eyes to peer down the street .	A woman covers part of her face .
entailment	People standing at street cornering in France .	There are people exterior .
entailment	People standing at street cornering in France .	There are people outdoor .
entailment	People standing at street nook in France .	There are people outside .
entailment	Three child in bathing suits are play in foam	some minor playing in some foam
entailment	Three juvenile in bathing suits are playing in foam	some adolescence play in some foam
entailment	Three youths in bathing suits are play in foam	some youngsters play in some foam
entailment	A person just about to stand up while water-skiing , while people in the background watch and take photo .	The crowd is admiring the individuals water-skiing .
entailment	A persons just approximately to stand up while water-skiing , while people in the background watch and take photographs .	The crowd is admiring the individuals water-skiing .
entailment	A person just about to stand up while water-skiing , while people in the background watch and take photographing .	The crowd is admiring the individuals water-skiing .
entailment	A miners is sticking her head out of the 0095 taxis taxi and scream .	A minor is inside a cars .
entailment	A minor is sticking her head out of the 0095 taxi taxis and shouting .	A miner is inner a vehicular .
entailment	A minor is sticking her head out of the 0095 taxi taxi and shrieking .	A youngsters is interior a automobile .
entailment	A mens and woman stand in front of a white building and look at their hands .	A man and female look at their hands in front of a building
entailment	A man and female stand in front of a white building and look at their hands .	A men and women look at their hands in front of a building
entailment	A mens and female stand in front of a white building and look at their hands .	A men and women look at their hands in front of a building
entailment	A white dog is running on a rocky beach .	The dog is white .
entailment	A white dog is running on a rocky beach .	The dog is white .
entailment	A white dog is running on a rocky beach .	The dog is white .
entailment	A white dog is running on a rocky beach .	A dog is on the beach .
entailment	A white dog is running on a rocky beach .	A dog is on the beach .
entailment	A white dog is running on a rocky beach .	A dog is on the beach .
entailment	Commuters wait for to cross a street .	There is a street .
entailment	Commuters wait for to crossing a street .	There is a street .
entailment	Commuters wait for to cross a street .	There is a street .
entailment	A males in a purple and blue shirt and shorts is getting ready to hit a golfing ball .	A male is preparing to strike a golf ball .
entailment	A men in a purple and blue shirt and shorts is getting ready to hit a golf ball .	A mens is preparing to strike a golfer ball .
entailment	A men in a purple and blue shirt and shorts is getting prepared to hit a golfer ball .	A mens is preparing to strike a golfing ball .
entailment	Three people on motorbikes are coming over a ridge , while a masculine in orange watches .	People are cycling outdoors .
entailment	Three people on cycle are coming over a ridge , while a male in orange watches .	People are cycle outdoors .
entailment	Three people on motorcycle are coming over a ridge , while a man in orange clocks .	People are bikes outdoors .
entailment	A individuals strolling through an orange tinted lumber with a dog .	The persons is outside .
entailment	A persons strolling through an orange tinted woods with a dog .	The individuals is outside .
entailment	A person strolling through an orange tinted timber with a dog .	The persons is outside .
entailment	A persons strolling through an orange tinted woods with a dog .	They are walking their dog .
entailment	A persons strolling through an orange tinted wooden with a dog .	They are walking their dog .
entailment	A person strolling through an orange tinted wood with a dog .	They are walking their dog .
entailment	A men in a white t-shirt and jeans is holding a mallet and chisel next to his abstract sculpture which stands on varying bricks .	A mens is wearing a white shirt
entailment	A masculine in a white t-shirt and jeans is holding a mallet and chisel next to his condensed sculpture which stands on varied bricks .	A mens is wearing a white shirt
entailment	A mens in a white t-shirt and jeans is holding a mallet and chisel next to his abstract sculpture which stands on many bricks .	A mens is wearing a white shirt
entailment	Two newborn , one in red , asleep in their highchairs .	babies are asleep
entailment	Two infant , one in red , asleep in their highchairs .	babies are asleep
entailment	Two newborn , one in red , asleep in their highchairs .	babies are asleep
entailment	Three mens are playing soccer , two of them in blue uniforms and the other in a bright green uniformed .	Three masculine playing soccer .
entailment	Three man are playing soccer , two of them in blue standardized and the other in a bright green uniformed .	Three mens play soccer .
entailment	Three male are play soccer , two of them in blue standardized and the other in a bright green uniform .	Three masculine playing soccer .
entailment	Five child playing soccer hunt after a ball .	Five teenager are playing .
entailment	Five miner play soccer hunting after a ball .	Five teens are play .
entailment	Five miners playing soccer hunt after a ball .	Five teen are playing .
entailment	The male is excavating in the sand while others watch to see what he discovers .	a men dig to see what he can find .
entailment	The male is digging in the sand while others watch to see what he discovers .	a masculine digs to see what he can unearth .
entailment	The males is digs in the sand while others watch to see what he discovers .	a man excavation to see what he can unearth .
entailment	This is a clown at an primary school .	The clown is at a teenager 's school .
entailment	This is a clown at an elementary school .	The clown is at a juveniles 's school .
entailment	This is a clown at an primary school .	The clown is at a teenage 's school .
entailment	A woman in a white matrimony frock is being clothed and fitted by two other female .	A women is being fitted .
entailment	A women in a white marriage frock is being clothed and fitted by two other women .	A females is being fitted .
entailment	A females in a white matrimony attire is being dressed and fitted by two other women .	A female is being fitted .
entailment	A masculine is standing outside next to a garbage can .	A guy stands next to a trashcan .
entailment	A males is standing outboard next to a garbage can .	A guy stands next to a trashcan .
entailment	A men is standing outside next to a garbage can .	A guy stands next to a trashcan .
entailment	A adolescent females skateboarding on an outboard basketball courts in front of a mural .	A adolescence woman skateboards on an exterior basketball court .
entailment	A miner females skateboard on an outer basketball court in front of a mural .	A juvenile females skateboards on an outer basketball court .
entailment	A adolescents women skateboarding on an outboard basketball courts in front of a mural .	A minors female skateboards on an outer basketball court .
entailment	A mens walks three white dogs with spots down a street with palm trees .	a males walking dogs
entailment	A mens walks three white dogs with spots down a street with palm tree .	a males walking dogs
entailment	A man walks three white dogs with spots down a street with palm trees .	a male walking dogs
entailment	A small dark-haired girl runs on the beach .	The girls with the dark hair is running in the sand .
entailment	A little dark-haired girls runs on the beach .	The girl with the dark hair is running in the sand .
entailment	A small dark-haired daughter runs on the beach .	The girls with the dark hairdo is running in the sand .
entailment	Two man riding a shipping in clear water on a sunny day .	A couple people are doing activity on a nice day in a sailing .
entailment	Two men riding a sailing in clear water on a sunny day .	A couple people are doing activity on a nice day in a sailboat .
entailment	Two male riding a investigate in clear water on a sunny day .	A couple people are doing action on a nice day in a boats .
entailment	A male and woman , both wearing sandals , walking by a fencing .	people are wearing sandals
entailment	A male and woman , both wearing sandals , walking by a fences .	people are wearing sandals
entailment	A mens and women , both wearing sandals , walking by a fences .	people are wearing sandals
entailment	A masculine and female , both wearing sandals , walking by a fence .	they are going for a walk
entailment	A masculine and woman , both wearing sandals , walking by a fence .	they are going for a walk
entailment	A man and women , both wearing sandals , walking by a fence .	they are going for a walk
entailment	A basketball player wearing blue and red is shooting a basket while bystanders sit outdoor the courts .	There is a basketball games .
entailment	A basketball player wearing blue and red is shooting a basket while bystanders sit exterior the court .	There is a basketball game .
entailment	A basketball player wearing blue and red is shooting a basket while bystanders sit outboard the courts .	There is a basketball game .
entailment	A woman in a black leather shirt trench-coat and negro leather calf-high boots and carry a colorful knapsack with a shoulder strap faces away from the camera with a yellow post visible just in front of her .	A lady in negro leather trench coat , with matching black leather boots walks away from the camera in her front with her sac strapped to her shoulders
entailment	A women in a black leather shirt trench-coat and negro leather calf-high boots and carry a colorful bag with a shoulder strap confronts away from the camera with a yellow post visible just in front of her .	A dame in negro leather trench coat , with matching black leather boots walks away from the camera in her front with her bags strapped to her shoulders
entailment	A female in a black leather shirt trench-coat and black leather calf-high boots and carrying a colorful backpack with a shoulder strap confronts away from the camera with a yellow post visible just in front of her .	A dame in negro leather trench coat , with matches negro leather boots walks away from the camera in her front with her satchel strapped to her shoulders
entailment	Birds flying above the rolling waves of the navy .	Birds flying above a body of water .
entailment	Birds flying above the rolling waves of the navy .	Birds flying above a agency of water .
entailment	Birds flying above the rolling waves of the oceans .	Birds flying above a body of water .
entailment	Person parasailing with a board in the nautical .	This persons is in the naval .
entailment	Person parasailing with a board in the oceans .	This individuals is in the marines .
entailment	Person parasailing with a board in the navy .	This individuals is in the marine .
entailment	A women in red blouse is standing with small blond miner in front of a little folding chalkboard .	a woman stands with a child
entailment	A females in red blouse is standing with little blond teen in front of a petite fold blackboard .	a female stands with a child
entailment	A women in red blouse is standing with little blond teenage in front of a little fold blackboard .	a women stands with a child
entailment	People gathered around a table with food and wine on it .	Food and vineyard are on the table that has multiple people surrounding it .
entailment	People gathered around a table with food and wine on it .	Food and wine are on the tables that has diverse people surrounding it .
entailment	People gathered around a table with food and wines on it .	Food and vineyard are on the tables that has myriad people surrounding it .
entailment	A mens wearing a red shirt with the number 54 hits a baseball , while a catcher prepares to catch the ball .	A red shirted batter hits the pitching .
entailment	A man wearing a red shirt with the number 54 hits a baseball , while a catcher prepares to catch the ball .	A red shirted batter hits the pitch .
entailment	A mens wearing a red shirt with the number 54 hits a baseball , while a catcher prepares to catch the ball .	A red shirted batter hits the pitching .
entailment	male attired in orange apparel with face covered seemingly balances on a cane being held be a similarly clothed masculine sitting cross legged on the ground at a shopping mall .	Two mens are in a shopping mall .
entailment	man attired in orange apparel with face cover seemingly balancing on a cane being held be a similarly attired man sitting cross legged on the ground at a shopping mall .	Two males are in a shopping mall .
entailment	male dressed in orange clothing with face cover seemingly balances on a cane being held be a similarly attired mens sitting cross legged on the ground at a shopping mall .	Two man are in a shopping mall .
entailment	Two men in discussions while sitting at a bar .	Some people in discussions while sitting at a bar .
entailment	Two masculine in conversation while sitting at a bar .	Some people in talking while sitting at a bar .
entailment	Two men in discussions while sitting at a bar .	Some people in conversations while sitting at a bar .
entailment	Two males in conversation while sitting at a bar .	Two man in discussions .
entailment	Two man in conversation while sitting at a bar .	Two masculine in talking .
entailment	Two masculine in conversation while sitting at a bar .	Two men in discussions .
entailment	Two man fixing a moped .	Two man fix a motorcycles .
entailment	Two men fixing a cyclist .	Two male fix a motorbike .
entailment	Two males fixing a motorcycle .	Two masculine fix a bikes .
entailment	Two man fixing a biking .	Two mens fix their motorcycles .
entailment	Two mens fixing a motorcycles .	Two man fix their motorcycle .
entailment	Two male fixing a cycle .	Two male fix their bicycle .
entailment	A mens is resting in a little stream with a hat over his head while the small waterfall is pouring in the background .	A mens is rest in a stream
entailment	A man is resting in a petite stream with a hat over his head while the small waterfall is pouring in the background .	A males is rest in a stream
entailment	A mens is rest in a petite stream with a hat over his head while the petite waterfall is pouring in the background .	A male is resting in a stream
entailment	A females softball player in a black and red uniform with a red batting helmet is holding her bat waiting for the pitch .	A persons in a uniform
entailment	A females softball player in a black and red uniform with a red batting helmet is holding her bat waiting for the pitch .	A person in a uniform
entailment	A women softball player in a negro and red uniformed with a red batting helmet is holding her bat waiting for the pitching .	A individuals in a uniform
entailment	A boy swims shirtless with a black and red bathing suit while a seagull sits on the sand .	A boy swims .
entailment	A boy swims shirtless with a black and red bathing suit while a seagull sits on the sand .	A boy swims .
entailment	A boy swims shirtless with a negro and red bathing suit while a seagull sits on the sand .	A boy swims .
entailment	Little boy in a green sweatshirt playing with his toy train .	A boy is playing with toys .
entailment	Little boy in a green sweatshirt playing with his toy train .	A boy is play with toys .
entailment	Little boy in a green sweatshirt playing with his toy train .	A boy is playing with toys .
entailment	Two males walking in summer frock .	Two mens are walking .
entailment	Two masculine walking in summer frock .	Two masculine are walking .
entailment	Two man walking in summer attire .	Two men are walking .
entailment	An aging male sleep in a fold chairs on the street .	A men is sleep outside .
entailment	An aged man slept in a fold chairs on the street .	A mens is slept outdoor .
entailment	An antique man slumber in a fold chair on the street .	A males is sleep outer .
entailment	A adolescence male dressed in a dark bathing suit exits from a swim pool while water drips off his head and organs .	A men was swim in the pool .
entailment	A underage mens dressed in a dark bathing suit exits from a swim pool while water drips off his head and organs .	A man was swimming in the pool .
entailment	A adolescent men clothed in a dark bathing suit exits from a swim pool while water drips off his head and organ .	A man was swimming in the pool .
entailment	Cars and people are outboard of `` Hotel Carmel . ''	Automobiles and humans are outer the hotel .
entailment	Cars and people are outdoor of `` Hotel Carmel . ''	Automobiles and humans are exterior the hotel .
entailment	Cars and people are exterior of `` Hotel Carmel . ''	Automobiles and humans are outboard the hotel .
entailment	A boy in an orange `` Spring Hill '' ball team uniform , pitch the ball .	A boy pitches the ball .
entailment	A boy in an orange `` Spring Hill '' ball team standardized , pitching the ball .	A boy pitches the ball .
entailment	A boy in an orange `` Spring Hill '' ball team uniforms , pitching the ball .	A boy pitches the ball .
entailment	Two mens are running down a pathway and carrying a canoeing .	The two males are carrying a canoe
entailment	Two male are running down a pathway and carrying a canoeing .	The two males are carry a canoe
entailment	Two males are running down a route and carrying a rowboat .	The two man are carrying a canoe
entailment	Two female are speaking to each other , one sitting and facing away , while the other is standing in a white office .	The female are speaking to each other .
entailment	Two women are speaking to each other , one sitting and facing away , while the other is standing in a white office .	The female are speaking to each other .
entailment	Two females are speaking to each other , one sitting and facing away , while the other is standing in a white office .	The woman are speaking to each other .
entailment	A women wearing a yellow jacket skis down a snowy hill .	A female is outboard .
entailment	A females wearing a yellow jacket ski down a snowy hill .	A woman is outer .
entailment	A women wearing a yellow jacket skis down a snowy hill .	A women is outboard .
entailment	Two minor girl , one wearing a pink jacket and the other in a dark-colored jacket , are play in the snowy and having a snowball struggle in a clearing exterior of a wooded zone .	Two girls are playing and having a tussle on the snow
entailment	Two juvenile girl , one wearing a pink jacket and the other in a dark-colored jacket , are play in the snowy and having a snowball tussle in a clearing outside of a wooded areas .	Two girls are play and having a struggle on the snow
entailment	Two minors daughters , one wearing a pink jacket and the other in a dark-colored jacket , are play in the snowy and having a snowball battles in a clearing exterior of a wooded areas .	Two daughter are playing and having a combat on the snow
entailment	Two young girl , one wearing a pink jacket and the other in a dark-colored jacket , are play in the snowy and having a snowball fighting in a clearing outboard of a wooded sphere .	Two girl are playing
entailment	Two teen daughter , one wearing a pink jacket and the other in a dark-colored jacket , are play in the snow and having a snowball struggle in a clearing outer of a wooded sphere .	Two girl are playing
entailment	Two underage girl , one wearing a pink jacket and the other in a dark-colored jacket , are play in the snowy and having a snowball fights in a clearing outboard of a wooded zone .	Two girl are playing
entailment	Two fans are cheering at a sportsman event .	Two people are making noises .
entailment	Two fans are cheering at a sporting events .	Two people are making noises .
entailment	Two fans are cheers at a athletes event .	Two people are making noises .
entailment	A male and a adolescents are laugh at each other .	Two people are laugh .
entailment	A mens and a adolescents are laughing at each other .	Two people are laughing .
entailment	A males and a teenagers are laugh at each other .	Two people are laughing .
entailment	A wet dog shaking off excess water in a field .	The water flies off of the dog
entailment	A wet dog shaking off excess water in a field .	The water flies off of the dog
entailment	A wet dog shaking off excess water in a field .	The water fly off of the dog
entailment	A gigantic groups of protestors are walking down the street with signs .	Some people are holding up signs of protesting in the street .
entailment	A hefty group of protesters are walking down the street with signs .	Some people are holding up signs of protesting in the street .
entailment	A gigantic grouping of protestors are walking down the street with signs .	Some people are holding up signs of protesting in the street .
entailment	GEntleman sketching on brown paper at Christmas .	The masculine sketched on paper .
entailment	GEntleman sketching on brown paper at Christmas .	The male sketched on paper .
entailment	GEntleman sketching on brown paper at Christmas .	The man sketched on paper .
entailment	A busy street with varied people interacting and going roughly their lives .	The street is alive with measurement .
entailment	A busy street with diverse people interacting and going roughly their lives .	The street is alive with measures .
entailment	A busy street with differing people interacting and going about their lives .	The street is alive with activities .
entailment	The blue kayak is being ridden over a petite waterfall .	A kayak is being ridden .
entailment	The blue kayak is being ridden over a little waterfall .	A kayak is being ridden .
entailment	The blue kayak is being ridden over a petite waterfall .	A kayak is being ridden .
entailment	Two mens with black goggles are holding food , one appears to be eating .	There are two man with food .
entailment	Two mens with black eyeglasses are holding food , one appears to be eating .	There are two masculine with food .
entailment	Two men with negro sunglasses are holding food , one appears to be eating .	There are two men with food .
entailment	A mens in a green shirt and dark underclothes and carrying a really gigantic pot turns around to talk to 3 other people .	A persons in a shirt
entailment	A men in a green shirt and dark pants and carry a really heavy pot turns around to talk to 3 other people .	A individuals in a shirt
entailment	A man in a green shirt and dark breeches and carrying a truly overwhelming pot turns around to talk to 3 other people .	A person in a shirt
entailment	Two ladies in match dresses and shoes , both wearing straw hats pulled down over their faces , are napping on a bench next to a rolling baggage .	two ladies nap on a bench
entailment	Two ladies in matches dresses and footwear , both wearing straw hats pulled down over their confront , are napping on a bench next to a rolling baggage .	two ladies nap on a bench
entailment	Two ladies in match dresses and shoe , both wearing straw hats pulled down over their faces , are napping on a bench next to a rolling luggage .	two ladies nap on a bench
entailment	A person in spectacles , a scarf , a shirt , and jeans is walking outdoor .	A individuals outside
entailment	A person in sunglasses , a scarf , a shirt , and jeans is walking outside .	A individuals outside
entailment	A person in glasses , a scarf , a shirt , and jeans is walking outboard .	A person outside
entailment	A person in spectacles , a scarf , a shirt , and jeans is walking outdoor .	A person standing
entailment	A individuals in spectacles , a scarf , a shirt , and jeans is walking outboard .	A person standing
entailment	A person in eyeglasses , a scarf , a shirt , and jeans is walking outer .	A persons standing
entailment	Man sitting on a bench , reading a book .	A men reads a book while seated on a bench .
entailment	Man sitting on a bench , reading a book .	A males reads a book while seated on a bench .
entailment	Man sitting on a bench , reading a book .	A masculine reads a book while seated on a bench .
entailment	A female in an office making a telephone call	A women is making a cellphones calling in an office environment .
entailment	A females in an office making a telephone call	A woman is making a cellphones call in an office environment .
entailment	A females in an office making a telephone call	A females is making a telephones call in an office environment .
entailment	The overwhelming white fowl grazes the water .	The poultry is touching the water
entailment	The heavy white poultry grazes the water .	The fowl is touch the water
entailment	The mammoth white bird grazes the water .	The poultry is touching the water
entailment	A women with lengthy hairdo pointing her camera skyward as she stands on a brick wall .	A females is pointing her camera upwards , while standing at a wall .
entailment	A female with lengthy hairstyle pointing her camera skyward as she stands on a brick wall .	A woman is pointing her camera upwards , while standing at a wall .
entailment	A female with lengthy hairdo pointing her camera skyward as she stands on a brick wall .	A female is pointing her camera upwards , while standing at a wall .
entailment	Two men wearing dingy blue clothes are doing their job on a boat .	Two masculine are on a vessel .
entailment	Two men wearing dingy blue garments are doing their job on a investigates .	Two masculine are on a studied .
entailment	Two males wearing dingy blue garment are doing their job on a yacht .	Two male are on a investigate .
entailment	An ancient female and a juveniles men navigator their jackpot cards .	An elderly women and juvenile male are playing lottery .
entailment	An older women and a teenaged man explorer their lottery cards .	An older female and teens men are playing lotto .
entailment	An old women and a underage mens shipping their lotto card .	An older female and smaller males are playing jackpot .
entailment	A lady in a dark coat is sitting with various people around her .	There are people surrounding each other .
entailment	A dame in a dark coat is sitting with different people around her .	There are people surrounding each other .
entailment	A lady in a dark coat is sitting with varying people around her .	There are people surrounding each other .
entailment	A moving truck with a ramp still attached .	A truck with a ramp attached .
entailment	A moving truck with a ramp still attach .	A truck with a ramp attach .
entailment	A moving truck with a ramp still attach .	A truck with a ramp attached .
entailment	A boy taking a shot while his team watches anxiously .	A boy is play a game .
entailment	A boy taking a shot while his team watches anxiously .	A boy is playing a games .
entailment	A boy taking a shot while his team clocks anxiously .	A boy is playing a games .
entailment	Two outdated men in ventures frock are walking in a town , texts graffiti is visible on the sidewalk .	Two seniors man walk down a defaced street
entailment	Two age masculine in company garb are walking in a city , texts graffiti is visible on the pavement .	Two antique masculine walk down a defaced street
entailment	Two senior masculine in ventures garb are walking in a town , text graffiti is visible on the sidewalk .	Two elders masculine walk down a defaced street
entailment	A man laying down in mid of street during jumbo traffic .	A person has lost it by laying down in a busy street while there is bad traffic .
entailment	A masculine laying down in middle of street during massive traffic .	A individuals has lost it by laying down in a busy street while there is bad traffic .
entailment	A masculine laying down in middle of street during mammoth traffic .	A person has lost it by laying down in a busy street while there is bad traffic .
entailment	A women softball player wearing blue and red crouches in the infield , waiting for the next playing .	a player is waiting
entailment	A woman softball player wearing blue and red crouches in the infield , waiting for the next playing .	a player is waiting
entailment	A females softball player wearing blue and red crouches in the infield , waiting for the next play .	a player is waiting
entailment	3 Olympic winners posing for a photographed on an advertised background	Some people are having their images taken .
entailment	3 Olympic winners posing for a photographed on an announced background	Some people are having their picture taken .
entailment	3 Olympic winners posing for a picture on an advertises background	Some people are having their photographic taken .
entailment	Two man working in a petite factory .	Men working in a factory .
entailment	Two male working in a petite mill .	Men working in a factory .
entailment	Two males working in a small mill .	Men working in a mills .
entailment	A cowboy riding a horse at a rodeo .	cowboy compete in a rodeo
entailment	A cowboy riding a horse at a rodeo .	cowboy competing in a rodeo
entailment	A cowboy riding a horse at a rodeo .	cowboy compete in a rodeo
entailment	A cowboy riding a horse at a rodeo .	cowboy riding his horse
entailment	A cowboy riding a horse at a rodeo .	cowboy riding his horse
entailment	A cowboy riding a horse at a rodeo .	cowboy riding his horse
entailment	A male in summer sportswear snowboarding on thin snowy .	There is a mens on ski .
entailment	A masculine in summer garments snowboard on thin snow .	There is a men on skis .
entailment	A mens in summer garments snowboarding on thin snow .	There is a men on skis .
entailment	Two people crossing by each other while kite surfer .	The people are outdoors .
entailment	Two people crossed by each other while kite surfing .	The people are outdoors .
entailment	Two people crossing by each other while kite surfer .	The people are outdoors .
entailment	While the gamers on the front lines of the football teams mingle , a kicker dressed in a white and yellow jersey karate the football .	A ball is kicked while gamers mingle .
entailment	While the players on the front lines of the football teams mingle , a kicker dressed in a white and yellow jersey karate the football .	A ball is kicked while players mingle .
entailment	While the players on the front lines of the football teams mingle , a kicker attired in a white and yellow jersey karate the football .	A ball is kicked while gamers mingle .
entailment	A child is lurks on the floor drawing a image of a daughters , with two other teen quest on .	A smaller draws a images of a girl
entailment	A minors is lying on the floor drawing a image of a girl , with two other youngsters searching on .	A kids draws a photographing of a girl
entailment	A teen is lie on the floor drawing a photographs of a daughters , with two other adolescence searching on .	A miner draws a picture of a girl
entailment	A kids is lurks on the floor drawing a photographed of a girls , with two other miner search on .	A adolescents painted a picture
entailment	A child is lying on the floor drawing a picture of a girls , with two other adolescent searching on .	A child paints a picture
entailment	A teenaged is lying on the floor drawing a photographer of a daughter , with two other youthful searching on .	A adolescents painted a picture
entailment	A person rides up a confined street on a cycling , past a spray-painted sign of a hand giving the peace sign .	A person riding a cycle exterior .
entailment	A person rides up a confined street on a motorbikes , past a spray-painted sign of a hand giving the peace sign .	A persons riding a motorcycles outboard .
entailment	A persons rides up a restrained street on a motorbikes , past a spray-painted sign of a hand giving the peace sign .	A person riding a motorbikes outside .
entailment	A females in a yellow shirt is carrying two full red grocery satchel .	A lady has her firearm full
entailment	A woman in a yellow shirt is carrying two full red grocery pockets .	A lady has her shotguns full
entailment	A females in a yellow shirt is carry two full red grocery rucksack .	A dame has her rifles full
entailment	A little boy is standing in front of a married parties laughing .	There is a bride and groom behind the petite boy .
entailment	A small boy is standing in front of a matrimony parties laugh .	There is a bride and groom behind the small boy .
entailment	A petite boy is standing in front of a marry party laughing .	There is a bride and groom behind the petite boy .
entailment	A boy in a blue jacket rides a skateboard down the street .	A blue jacketed boy is skate down the street .
entailment	A boy in a blue jacket rides a skateboard down the street .	A blue jacketed boy is skating down the street .
entailment	A boy in a blue jacket rides a skateboarding down the street .	A blue jacketed boy is skating down the street .
entailment	A men in a scotch red shirt casts his fishing line out into the water .	A man is fishing .
entailment	A men in a scotland red shirt casts his fishing line out into the water .	A males is fishing .
entailment	A males in a bourbon red shirt casts his fishing line out into the water .	A masculine is fishing .
entailment	A mens in a purple jersey is falling down while hunted a player in a green jersey playing soccer	The two soccer players run around hunts each other
entailment	A male in a purple jersey is falling down while chase a player in a green jersey playing soccer	The two soccer gamers run around hunting each other
entailment	A masculine in a purple jersey is falling down while manhunt a player in a green jersey playing soccer	The two soccer gamers run around chase each other
entailment	A masculine in green kick a soccer ball while a man in purple and white is falling down .	A masculine wearing green karate a soccer ball while a mens wearing a purple and white outfit falls down .
entailment	A male in green kick a soccer ball while a male in purple and white is falling down .	A males wearing green kicks a soccer ball while a male wearing a purple and white outfit falls down .
entailment	A masculine in green kick a soccer ball while a male in purple and white is falling down .	A man wearing green karate a soccer ball while a men wearing a purple and white outfit falls down .
entailment	A masculine in a suit with gold buttons and a name labeling gestures with his hands as he speaks to another man in a frock shirt who is holding a beverage in a glass .	A male in a suit with gold buttons and a name tagging gestures with his hands
entailment	A mens in a suit with gold buttons and a name labeled gestures with his hands as he speaks to another males in a dress shirt who is holding a beverage in a glass .	A men in a suit with gold buttons and a name tag gestures with his hands
entailment	A masculine in a suit with gold buttons and a name labelled gestures with his hands as he speaks to another males in a attire shirt who is holding a beverage in a glass .	A men in a suit with gold buttons and a name etiquette gestures with his hands
entailment	A man and a women are standing at the side of an inflatable climbing structure .	A masculine and a females are standing
entailment	A man and a women are standing at the side of an inflatable climbing structure .	A man and a females are standing
entailment	A mens and a females are standing at the side of an inflatable climbing structure .	A mens and a females are standing
entailment	a girls wearing pink pulls weeds .	The daughter is gardening .
entailment	a daughters wearing pink pulls weeds .	The girls is gardening .
entailment	a daughters wearing pink pulls weeds .	The girl is gardening .
entailment	a daughter wearing pink pulls weeds .	The daughters is destroying plants lifetime .
entailment	a girl wearing pink pulls weeds .	The girl is destroying plants life .
entailment	a girl wearing pink pulls weeds .	The daughter is destroying plant lifetime .
entailment	A little girls with short brown hair is pushing a pink scooter over grass with brown leaves with threes in the background	The girls is outside .
entailment	A small girl with short brown hairdo is pushing a pink scooter over grass with brown leaves with threes in the background	The girl is outside .
entailment	A small daughter with short brown hairdo is pushing a pink scooter over grass with brown leaves with threes in the background	The girls is outside .
entailment	An archaic mens with a packages poses in front of an promotional .	A mens poses in front of an promotional .
entailment	An seniors male with a packaging poses in front of an advertises .	A male poses in front of an announced .
entailment	An antique masculine with a packaging poses in front of an declares .	A male poses in front of an advertisement .
entailment	people searches at dirty water .	People are search at water .
entailment	people quest at dirty water .	People are quest at water .
entailment	people quest at dirty water .	People are searches at water .
entailment	A number of cute asian miners play tambourines	A panel of cute Asian youthful are playing tambourines
entailment	A number of cute asian minors playing tambourines	A panels of cute Asian miner are play tambourines
entailment	A number of cute asian juveniles playing tambourines	A panels of cute Asian kids are playing tambourines
entailment	A number of cute asia kid playing tambourines	A groups of cute Asian teenagers are beating on tambourines
entailment	A number of cute asia underage playing tambourines	A panels of cute Asian teenage are beating on tambourines
entailment	A number of cute asia minor playing tambourines	A groups of cute Asian teenage are beating on tambourines
entailment	Family sitting down in a field of grass while others walk by .	The families is exterior .
entailment	Family sitting down in a field of grass while others walk by .	The families is outside .
entailment	Family sitting down in a field of grass while others walk by .	The families is outer .
entailment	Two adolescents boys playing with ducks near the water .	Two adolescence friends play with ducks
entailment	Two juvenile boys playing with ducks near the water .	Two youth friends playing with ducks
entailment	Two kid boys play with ducks near the water .	Two underage friends play with ducks
entailment	Two minor boys play with ducks near the water .	Young teenager play with animals
entailment	Two youngsters boys playing with ducks near the water .	Young smaller play with animals
entailment	Two miners boys playing with ducks near the water .	Young teen play with animals
entailment	A squirrel stands on its hind legs in the grass at the edge of a route .	A squirrel is situated in an vertical stance near the route .
entailment	A chipmunk stands on its hind legs in the grass at the edge of a paths .	A chipmunk is situated in an upright stance near the routes .
entailment	A chipmunk stands on its hind legs in the grass at the edge of a routing .	A squirrel is situated in an upright position near the routes .
entailment	A small daughter wearing a yellow attire is sitting on the white rocks .	A petite daughters is outboard .
entailment	A small girls wearing a yellow garb is sitting on the white rocks .	A petite girls is outer .
entailment	A small girls wearing a yellow attire is sitting on the white rocks .	A small daughter is outer .
entailment	A little girl wearing a yellow frock is sitting on the white rocks .	A small daughters is wearing a dress .
entailment	A small girls wearing a yellow frock is sitting on the white rocks .	A small girls is wearing a frock .
entailment	A small girls wearing a yellow attire is sitting on the white rocks .	A petite girl is wearing a attire .
entailment	A panels of people are gathered on a sidewalk in front of a store vicinity a littered street .	There is a group near a boutique .
entailment	A panel of people are gathered on a pavement in front of a store nearby a littered street .	There is a panels near a boutique .
entailment	A group of people are gathered on a sidewalk in front of a boutique nearby a littered street .	There is a group near a store .
entailment	Two people kickboxing , with others spectating .	Two people tussle each other
entailment	Two people kickboxing , with others spectating .	Two people struggles each other
entailment	Two people kickboxing , with others spectating .	Two people fighting each other
entailment	One varied is fishing by a river with some buildings in the background while another males next to him is about to get a drink from the bottle next to him .	Two man are by the river
entailment	One various is fishing by a river with some buildings in the background while another man next to him is approximately to get a drank from the bottle next to him .	Two masculine are by the river
entailment	One multiple is fishing by a river with some buildings in the background while another males next to him is about to get a drank from the bottle next to him .	Two male are by the river
entailment	A masculine wearing a blue jacket fishing in a river having a discussions with his friend with no shirt .	A mens is having a discussions with his friend while fishing .
entailment	A masculine wearing a blue jacket fishing in a river having a discussions with his friend with no shirt .	A male is having a talking with his friend while fishing .
entailment	A man wearing a blue jacket fishing in a river having a conversation with his friend with no shirt .	A man is having a talking with his friend while fishing .
entailment	A females in black reviews a message as she walks to work .	The women in black has a job .
entailment	A females in black examination a messaging as she walks to work .	The woman in black has a job .
entailment	A woman in black inspects a messages as she walks to work .	The females in black has a job .
entailment	A male and a females sitting down laugh .	The men and woman are having a good deadline .
entailment	A males and a women sitting down laugh .	The male and female are having a good deadline .
entailment	A males and a woman sitting down laugh .	The man and woman are having a good timing .
entailment	A news crew in rain blazers standing in front of line of policemen inscription outdoor of a residence .	There are people outdoors .
entailment	A news crew in rain blazers standing in front of line of cops register outboard of a residence .	There are people outdoors .
entailment	A news crew in rain jerseys standing in front of line of cops register exterior of a residence .	There are people outdoors .
entailment	A boy in blue shorts and a t-shirt is prepared to hit a tennis ball with a racket .	A boy in blue shorts and a t-shirt is roughly to hit a tennis ball with his racket .
entailment	A boy in blue shorts and a t-shirt is prepared to hit a tennis ball with a racket .	A boy in blue shorts and a t-shirt is about to hit a tennis ball with his racket .
entailment	A boy in blue shorts and a t-shirt is ready to hit a tennis ball with a racket .	A boy in blue shorts and a t-shirt is about to hit a tennis ball with his racket .
entailment	Five female with red and negro halter tops and red and negro miniskirts wearing red and white footwear .	A grouping of woman are clothed alike .
entailment	Five female with red and negro halter tops and red and negro miniskirts wearing red and white shoes .	A panel of women are clothed alike .
entailment	Five woman with red and negro halter tops and red and black miniskirts wearing red and white shoe .	A groups of females are dressed alike .
entailment	cheerleaders pose for the camera .	The cheerleaders are getting their photo taken .
entailment	cheerleaders pose for the camera .	The cheerleaders are getting their image taken .
entailment	cheerleaders pose for the camera .	The cheerleaders are getting their photographed taken .
entailment	Three woman , one a adolescent , one child adult , and one middle-aged at delicatessen .	There is a grouping of woman a the deli .
entailment	Three woman , one a teenager , one teenagers adults , and one middle-aged at delicatessen .	There is a group of women a the deli .
entailment	Three women , one a youngsters , one teens adult , and one middle-aged at delicatessen .	There is a group of female a the deli .
entailment	A pro-baseball pitcher send a curve ball to his opponent while various fans relaxing and enjoy the game .	A pitcher is play baseball at a stadium
entailment	A pro-baseball pitcher expedition a curve ball to his adversary while assorted enthusiasts relax and enjoy the games .	A pitcher is playing baseball at a stadium
entailment	A pro-baseball pitcher sends a curve ball to his adversary while many enthusiasts relax and enjoy the games .	A pitcher is playing baseball at a stadium
entailment	A women and little daughters look into a display cases .	A women and little daughters are searching at something .
entailment	A females and small daughter look into a display cases .	A women and little girl are quest at something .
entailment	A woman and small girl look into a display case .	A female and little daughter are looking at something .
entailment	A man alone crosscountry ski in the wilderness while wearing a jumbo bags .	A males ski in the wilderness
entailment	A man alone crosscountry skis in the wilderness while wearing a massive purse .	A man skis in the wilderness
entailment	A mens alone crosscountry ski in the wilderness while wearing a hefty wallets .	A males ski in the wilderness
entailment	A photo is taking photos of a hockey game , but he is protect himself from harm by wearing a helmet .	A picture is taking photo of a hockey game
entailment	A picture is taking picture of a hockey game , but he is protects itself from harm by wearing a helmet .	A photographer is taking photographic of a hockey game
entailment	A photograph is taking image of a hockey games , but he is protected himself from harm by wearing a helmet .	A pictures is taking picture of a hockey game
entailment	A photos is taking photo of a hockey games , but he is protect itself from harm by wearing a helmet .	A photo is taking many images of a hockey game
entailment	A photography is taking photo of a hockey game , but he is protecting himself from harm by wearing a helmet .	A image is taking many photo of a hockey game
entailment	A photography is taking pictures of a hockey game , but he is protects himself from harm by wearing a helmet .	A pictures is taking varied photographing of a hockey game
entailment	A pro-baseball pitcher sending a curve ball to his opponent while numerous followers relaxed and enjoy the games .	A pitcher is playing baseball
entailment	A pro-baseball pitcher sent a curve ball to his opponent while assorted enthusiasts relax and enjoy the game .	A pitcher is play baseball
entailment	A pro-baseball pitcher sending a curve ball to his adversary while differing enthusiasts relax and enjoy the game .	A pitcher is play baseball
entailment	Two dogs wearing muzzles are running .	there are dogs with muzzles
entailment	Two dogs wearing muzzles are running .	there are dogs with muzzles
entailment	Two dogs wearing muzzles are running .	there are dogs with muzzles
entailment	A crowd gathers and watches a bonfire .	A crowd sees flames .
entailment	A crowd gathers and watches a bonfire .	A crowd sees flames .
entailment	A crowd gathers and watches a campfire .	A crowd sees flames .
entailment	A crowd gathers and watches a bonfire .	A crowd feels the warmth of a bonfire .
entailment	A crowd gathers and clocks a bonfire .	A crowd feels the warmth of a bonfire .
entailment	A crowd gathers and watches a campfire .	A crowd feels the warmth of a campfire .
entailment	A groups of people sitting around a table eating food .	People are at a table eating food .
entailment	A panel of people sitting around a tables eating food .	People are at a tables eating food .
entailment	A grouping of people sitting around a tables eating food .	People are at a tables eating food .
entailment	A boy in a hat and sunglasses is play a guitar .	A boy is play guitar .
entailment	A boy in a hat and sunglasses is play a guitar .	A boy is playing guitar .
entailment	A boy in a hat and goggles is play a guitar .	A boy is play guitar .
entailment	City street crowded with sportsman followers wearing orange .	The athletics enthusiasts are wearing a certain colours .
entailment	City street crowded with athletic followers wearing orange .	The sportsman enthusiasts are wearing a certain coloring .
entailment	City street crowded with athletic enthusiasts wearing orange .	The sporting followers are wearing a certain coloring .
entailment	City street crowded with sport enthusiasts wearing orange .	The sport followers are wearing orange shirts .
entailment	City street crowded with sport enthusiasts wearing orange .	The sports followers are wearing orange shirts .
entailment	City street crowded with sportsmen enthusiasts wearing orange .	The sportsman enthusiasts are wearing orange shirts .
entailment	A female play with playing equipment while a smaller looks on .	Child clocks female play with equipment .
entailment	A females playing with playing equipment while a kids looks on .	Child watches woman playing with equipment .
entailment	A woman play with playing equipment while a young looks on .	Child watches women playing with equipment .
entailment	A males in a red bourbon shirt using a bull horn to talk to a crowd of people .	a man conversation to a crowd
entailment	A men in a red bourbon shirt using a bull horn to talk to a crowd of people .	a masculine discussions to a crowd
entailment	A male in a red bourbon shirt using a bull horn to talk to a crowd of people .	a male conversation to a crowd
entailment	An asia minors wearing a white shirt with negro stripes is sitting on the steps with his face rest on his hand .	The youngsters is seated .
entailment	An asia teenage wearing a white shirt with negro stripes is sitting on the steps with his face resting on his hand .	The smaller is seated .
entailment	An asia miners wearing a white shirt with black stripes is sitting on the steps with his face resting on his hand .	The kids is seated .
entailment	A girl jumping high off of the sand .	There is a daughters on the sand .
entailment	A girl jumping high off of the sand .	There is a girl on the sand .
entailment	A daughters jumping high off of the sand .	There is a girls on the sand .
entailment	Man slept in a couch in a sitting position wearing a blue jeans and a plaided shirt	There is someone slept on the couch .
entailment	Man slumber in a couch in a sitting position wearing a blue jeans and a plaided shirt	There is someone slept on the couch .
entailment	Man slept in a couch in a sitting stance wearing a blue jeans and a plaided shirt	There is someone slumber on the couch .
entailment	A photograph of an artwork that depicts a male being flown by birds that is in font of a construction zone .	A masculine is being carried by birds .
entailment	A images of an artwork that depicts a men being flown by birds that is in font of a construction spheres .	A male is being carried by birds .
entailment	A photographs of an artwork that depicts a males being flown by birds that is in font of a construction areas .	A mens is being carried by birds .
entailment	A gentleman with his eyes closed playing an elders fluglehorn into a mics .	A man plays an instruement with his eyes closed
entailment	A gentlemen with his eyes closed play an aging fluglehorn into a mics .	A mens plays an instruement with his eyes closed
entailment	A gentleman with his eyes closed play an outdated fluglehorn into a mics .	A masculine plays an instruement with his eyes closed
entailment	An old female tending to a garden .	The dame has a garden
entailment	An age female tending to a garden .	The lady has a garden
entailment	An archaic female tending to a garden .	The dame has a garden
entailment	A families walking with a solider .	A groups of people strolling .
entailment	A family walking with a servicemen .	A panels of people strolling .
entailment	A families walking with a servicemen .	A groups of people strolling .
entailment	A female wearing a red helmet is holding a rope and smiling .	A happy woman is holding rope .
entailment	A woman wearing a red helmet is holding a rope and smiling .	A happy females is holding rope .
entailment	A woman wearing a red helmet is holding a rope and smiling .	A happy woman is holding rope .
entailment	A mens with a pinstriped shirt and tan underpants adjustment his tie while searching at a apple laptop computers .	A males adjusts his tie searches at a laptop
entailment	A mens with a pinstriped shirt and tan slacks modifications his tie while searching at a apple movable computer .	A masculine adjusts his tie searching at a laptop
entailment	A man with a pinstriped shirt and tan underclothes modified his tie while searching at a apple cellular computers .	A men adjusts his tie searching at a laptop
entailment	A masculine with a pinstriped shirt and tan undergarments change his tie while searching at a apple laptops computer .	A masculine adjusts his novel tie in front of a laptop
entailment	A males with a pinstriped shirt and tan trousers adjusted his tie while looking at a apple laptop computers .	A male adjusts his newer tie in front of a laptop
entailment	A mens with a pinstriped shirt and tan trousers shift his tie while searches at a apple movable computer .	A men adjusts his newest tie in front of a laptop
entailment	a boy in a blue uniforms is standing next to a boy in red and a boy in yellow and they are holding baseball gloves .	Three boys hold baseball gloves .
entailment	a boy in a blue uniform is standing next to a boy in red and a boy in yellow and they are holding baseball gloves .	Three boys hold baseball gloves .
entailment	a boy in a blue uniform is standing next to a boy in red and a boy in yellow and they are holding baseball gloves .	Three boys hold baseball gloves .
entailment	Violin soloists take the stages during the orchestra 's open show at the theater .	People are play violin on stage .
entailment	Violin soloists take the stages during the orchestra 's opens show at the theatre .	People are play violin on stage .
entailment	Violin soloists take the stage during the orchestra 's opening show at the theaters .	People are playing violin on stage .
entailment	a boy in a blue standardized is standing next to a boy in red and a boy in yellow and they are holding baseball gloves .	Three boys are holding gloves .
entailment	a boy in a blue standardized is standing next to a boy in red and a boy in yellow and they are holding baseball gloves .	Three boys are holding gloves .
entailment	a boy in a blue standardized is standing next to a boy in red and a boy in yellow and they are holding baseball gloves .	Three boys are holding gloves .
entailment	Two construction workers climbing the steel ribbed outside of a new building at their work site .	Two workers are climbing a building .
entailment	Two construction workers climb the steel ribbed outboard of a newer building at their work site .	Two workers are climbing a building .
entailment	Two construction workers climbing the steel ribbed outboard of a newer building at their work site .	Two workers are climbing a building .
entailment	Two people climb up some kinds of wore structure .	Two people climbing up a structure
entailment	Two people climb up some sorting of wore structure .	Two people climbing up a structure
entailment	Two people climbing up some sort of wore structure .	Two people climbing up a structure
entailment	Two masculine with tan hats working in a garden .	Two masculine are tending to the garden .
entailment	Two mens with tan hats working in a garden .	Two masculine are tending to the garden .
entailment	Two male with tan hats working in a garden .	Two males are tending to the garden .
entailment	A groups of four minors poke at two petite tortoise in the grass .	A groups of juvenile poked at the two little turtles .
entailment	A groups of four minors poke at two petite tortoise in the grass .	A grouping of underage poked at the two small tortoise .
entailment	A panels of four young poke at two petite turtle in the grass .	A group of juveniles poked at the two small turtles .
entailment	A panels of four minor poke at two small turtle in the grass .	A group of youth were playing in the grass .
entailment	A panel of four kid poke at two small turtle in the grass .	A panels of children were play in the grass .
entailment	A group of four adolescent poke at two small tortoise in the grass .	A group of adolescence were playing in the grass .
entailment	Children are petting small tortoise in the grass .	The minor are playing with tortoise .
entailment	Children are petting small turtle in the grass .	The teenage are playing with turtles .
entailment	Children are petting little tortoise in the grass .	The youths are play with turtle .
entailment	Woman standing in a boutique with an items in hand .	A female is in the store .
entailment	Woman standing in a store with an items in hand .	A female is in the store .
entailment	Woman standing in a boutique with an items in hand .	A female is in the boutique .
entailment	A women with green organs paintings is holding a green and blue hula hoop while her friend -LRB- also in blue and green -RRB- watches .	A women is painting green while holding a hula hoop .
entailment	A female with green body paint is holding a green and blue hula hoop while her friend -LRB- also in blue and green -RRB- clocks .	A woman is paint green while holding a hula hoop .
entailment	A females with green bodies painted is holding a green and blue hula hoop while her friend -LRB- also in blue and green -RRB- clocks .	A female is painting green while holding a hula hoop .
entailment	Two green painted female perform for a crowd of onlookers .	Women perform .
entailment	Two green paint females perform for a crowd of bystanders .	Women perform .
entailment	Two green paint women perform for a crowd of bystanders .	Women perform .
entailment	Two green paints women perform for a crowd of bystanders .	People are vicinity .
entailment	Two green paints female perform for a crowd of bystanders .	People are vicinity .
entailment	Two green painting female perform for a crowd of onlookers .	People are nearby .
entailment	The tennis player spikes the tennis ball on the limit line .	Tennis player is play tennis .
entailment	The tennis player spikes the tennis ball on the boundary line .	Tennis player is play tennis .
entailment	The tennis player spikes the tennis ball on the frontier line .	Tennis player is play tennis .
entailment	three dogs run through the grass .	Three dogs run .
entailment	three dogs run through the grass .	Three dogs run .
entailment	three dogs run through the grass .	Three dogs run .
entailment	Two girl are kneeling on the ground .	Two daughters kneel together on the ground .
entailment	Two daughter are kneeling on the ground .	Two daughters kneel together on the ground .
entailment	Two daughter are kneeling on the ground .	Two daughter kneel together on the ground .
entailment	A ma and daughter walk along the side of a bridge .	A mommy and girl are walking .
entailment	A moms and girl walk along the side of a bridge .	A mom and girl are walking .
entailment	A mother and girls walk along the side of a bridge .	A mommy and girls are walking .
entailment	A drunken quest women is hugging a drunken looking masculine .	A drunken searching couple embracing .
entailment	A drunk looking woman is hugging a drunken quest males .	A drunken quest couple embracing .
entailment	A drunken search female is hugging a drunken looking male .	A drunk searching couple embracing .
entailment	A grouping of Amish people , masculine and women , standing at a fencing overlooking a forester and river .	Several people are standing outside near water .
entailment	A panel of Amish people , men and women , standing at a fences overlooking a forest and river .	Several people are standing outboard near water .
entailment	A grouping of Amish people , men and female , standing at a fencing overlooking a woodland and river .	Several people are standing outdoor near water .
entailment	A males from one football team trying to dodge a tackle from a player from the oppose football team .	A male tries to tackle a player in a game of football .
entailment	A men from one football team trying to dodge a tackling from a player from the oppose football team .	A masculine tries to tackle a player in a game of football .
entailment	A men from one football team trying to dodge a tackle from a player from the opposed football team .	A males tries to tackle a player in a games of football .
entailment	A boy and a daughters stand in a median amongst Mike Huckabee signs .	Two people stand on a median with announce signs .
entailment	A boy and a girls stand in a median amongst Mike Huckabee signs .	Two people stand on a median with advertised signs .
entailment	A boy and a daughters stand in a median amongst Mike Huckabee signs .	Two people stand on a median with announce signs .
entailment	A mens is hanging sausages in a marketplace .	A person is hanging sausages in a marketplace .
entailment	A mens is hanging sausages in a markets .	A individuals is hanging sausages in a markets .
entailment	A males is hanging sausages in a market .	A person is hanging sausages in a markets .
entailment	People dresses in businesses clothing are walking by while one mens with a tie on is standing still and talking on his laptops phones .	The people are attired in corporation clothes .
entailment	People dresses in company garment are walking by while one male with a tie on is standing still and discussions on his cellphone telephone .	The people are dressed in business clothing .
entailment	People dresses in business garments are walking by while one man with a tie on is standing still and discussions on his cellphone telephones .	The people are attired in corporation clothing .
entailment	A male sitting outer playing a musical instrument .	The men is playing music outdoors .
entailment	A masculine sitting outboard playing a musical instrument .	The masculine is playing music outdoors .
entailment	A masculine sitting exterior play a musical instrument .	The males is playing music outdoors .
entailment	A tattooed women click on a mouse on a desk .	A female clicking on a mice on a desk .
entailment	A tattooed females click on a mouse on a desk .	A females click on a mouse on a desk .
entailment	A tattooed women clicking on a mouse on a desk .	A women clicking on a mouse on a desk .
entailment	A persons holds a bunch of brush while walking down a stone road .	The persons is walking outside .
entailment	A person holds a bunch of brush while walking down a stone routes .	The person is walking outside .
entailment	A individuals holds a bunch of brush while walking down a stone route .	The persons is walking outer .
entailment	A lady dig through a garbage can looking to adding to the shopping cart beside her .	Lady digs through garbage
entailment	A dame digs through a garbage can search to adds to the shopping cart beside her .	Lady dig through garbage
entailment	A dame digging through a garbage can quest to adds to the shopping cart beside her .	Lady dig through garbage
entailment	Boy in jets on bicycle	A boy is airborne on a motorbikes .
entailment	Boy in midair on bicycle	A boy is airborne on a bike .
entailment	Boy in aerial on bicycle	A boy is airborne on a motorcycle .
entailment	A male and woman look ascending on a city block .	A male and female are in a metropolitan zone .
entailment	A masculine and females look ascending on a city block .	A males and female are in a metropolitan area .
entailment	A males and females look upward on a town block .	A male and females are in a metropolitan spheres .
entailment	The black woman is laying out literature .	A black females is handling printed material .
entailment	The black woman is laying out literature .	A black woman is handling printed material .
entailment	The black female is laying out literature .	A negro woman is handling printed materials .
entailment	A members of the army is walking with a German Shepard while the dog has something in has mouth .	A members of the army walks a German Shepard .
entailment	A members of the army is walking with a German Shepard while the dog has something in has mouth .	A member of the army walks a German Shepard .
entailment	A members of the army is walking with a German Shepard while the dog has something in has mouth .	A members of the army walks a German Shepard .
entailment	Three dogs running through a field .	Three dogs are running
entailment	Three dogs running through a field .	Three dogs are running
entailment	Three dogs running through a field .	Three dogs are running
entailment	Some autos and diverse tents are set up at the foot of a mountain .	Cars and tents are at the feet of the mountain .
entailment	Some automobiles and varying tents are set up at the feet of a mountain .	Cars and tents are at the feet of the mountain .
entailment	Some motors and different tents are set up at the footing of a mountain .	Cars and tents are at the foot of the mountain .
entailment	Four minors boys flexing for the camera .	For boys are flexing
entailment	Four kid boys flexing for the camera .	For boys are flexing
entailment	Four minor boys flexing for the camera .	For boys are flexing
entailment	The firefighters has a hose poised to tackling a vehicle fire .	A fireman is approximately to put out a fire .
entailment	The fireman has a hose readies to tackling a auto fire .	A firefighter is approximately to put out a fire .
entailment	The firemen has a hose braced to tackle a motor fire .	A firefighters is approximately to put out a fire .
entailment	Man with blue and yellow shirt rides bike .	a man rides a bike
entailment	Man with blue and yellow shirt rides motorbike .	a males rides a bike
entailment	Man with blue and yellow shirt rides motorcycle .	a man rides a bike
entailment	A little boy and his fathers conversation to a masculine clothed as Santa Claws .	A boy and his fathers speak to Santa Claus
entailment	A little boy and his fathers talking to a mens dressed as Santa Claws .	A boy and his father speak to Santa Claus
entailment	A little boy and his fathers conversations to a man dressed as Santa Claws .	A boy and his father speak to Santa Claus
entailment	A men is discussions on a mobiles while fulfills his vehicle with gas .	A males is getting gas for his cars while he talks on his laptops .
entailment	A male is discussions on a cellular while filling his cars with gas .	A masculine is getting gas for his vehicles while he talks on his laptop .
entailment	A male is discussions on a movable while fills his car with gas .	A mens is getting gas for his car while he talks on his cellular .
entailment	Two masculine in arduous hats and safety neon vests on scaffolding working outside in the daytime .	Outdoor daylight scene with two workers in safety gear working on scaffolding .
entailment	Two males in harsh hats and safety neon vests on scaffolding working outside in the daylight .	Outdoor daylight scene with two workers in safety gear working on scaffolding .
entailment	Two masculine in hard hats and safety neon vests on scaffolding working outdoor in the daytime .	Outdoor daytime scene with two workers in safety gear working on scaffolding .
entailment	A minor blond boy is eating cake with a spoon .	a petite boy is eating cake
entailment	A teenaged blond boy is eating cake with a spoon .	a little boy is eating cake
entailment	A kids blond boy is eating cake with a spoon .	a petite boy is eating cake
entailment	A teens blond boy is eating cake with a spoon .	a boy is eating cake
entailment	A teenaged blond boy is eating cake with a spoon .	a boy is eating cake
entailment	A minor blond boy is eating cake with a spoon .	a boy is eating cake
entailment	A miner blond smaller eats chocolate cake with his fingers while holding the spoon in their other hand .	a young has chocolate all over his hand
entailment	A youngsters blond teen eats chocolate cake with his fingers while holding the spoon in their other hand .	a juveniles has chocolate all over his hand
entailment	A smaller blond youthful eats chocolate cake with his fingers while holding the spoon in their other hand .	a young has chocolate all over his hand
entailment	A adolescent blond teens eats chocolate cake with his fingers while holding the spoon in their other hand .	a children eats food with his hands
entailment	A adolescent blond juveniles eats chocolate cake with his fingers while holding the spoon in their other hand .	a youths eats food with his hands
entailment	A adolescence blond youngsters eats chocolate cake with his fingers while holding the spoon in their other hand .	a adolescence eats food with his hands
entailment	A mens in a strenuous hat looks intimidated .	He is working in a potentially dangerous field that requires a difficult hat .
entailment	A masculine in a tricky hat looks intimidated .	He is working in a possibly insecure field that requires a stiff hat .
entailment	A men in a arduous hat looks intimidated .	He is working in a potentially dangerous field that requires a harsh hat .
entailment	Three workers , with lifetime vests and difficult hats , on a study hanging from cables over water .	Three people are on a sailing .
entailment	Three workers , with vie vests and hard hats , on a inquires hanging from wire over water .	Three people are on a studying .
entailment	Three workers , with life vests and tough hats , on a survey hanging from wire over water .	Three people are on a browsing .
entailment	Six elderly woman are standing in a row at a tables smiling and quest trough ledger and other materials displayed on the tables .	Books are strewn on a tables as women look through them .
entailment	Six aging female are standing in a row at a tables smiling and search trough ledger and other materials displayed on the table .	Books are strewn on a tables as women look through them .
entailment	Six old women are standing in a row at a table smiling and search trough books and other materials displayed on the tables .	Books are strewn on a tables as female look through them .
entailment	Children , including one with a painting face , pet tiny turtles that are crawling in the green grass .	Turtles are crawl in the green grass .
entailment	Children , including one with a paint face , pet tiny turtles that are crawl in the green grass .	Turtles are crawling in the green grass .
entailment	Children , including one with a painting face , pet tiny turtles that are crawl in the green grass .	Turtles are crawling in the green grass .
entailment	Children , including one with a painted face , pet tiny tortoise that are crawl in the green grass .	Turtles are crawl in the white grass .
entailment	Children , including one with a paints face , pet tiny turtle that are crawling in the green grass .	Turtles are crawling in the white grass .
entailment	Children , including one with a painted face , pet tiny tortoise that are crawling in the green grass .	Turtles are crawling in the white grass .
entailment	An adorable children leaping to block a soccer ball from entering the aim .	A adolescence blocks a target .
entailment	An adorable teenagers leaping to block a soccer ball from entering the aims .	A smaller blocks a goals .
entailment	An adorable teens leaping to block a soccer ball from entering the aim .	A kid blocks a aim .
entailment	Four individuals are sitting on a small wharf by the water as a yachting sails by .	Four people sitting by the water .
entailment	Four individuals are sitting on a little wharf by the water as a navigate sails by .	Four people sitting by the water .
entailment	Four persons are sitting on a petite dock by the water as a examine sails by .	Four people sitting by the water .
entailment	a guy with long hair is making a sand sculpture	A lengthy haired guy is working with sand .
entailment	a guy with long hairstyle is making a sand sculpture	A lengthy haired guy is working with sand .
entailment	a guy with long hairstyle is making a sand sculpture	A lengthy haired guy is working with sand .
entailment	A woman 's volleyball team plays in a brown and green coliseum .	A athlete team is in a gym .
entailment	A women 's volleyball team plays in a brown and green coliseum .	A sportsman team is in a gym .
entailment	A woman 's volleyball team plays in a brown and green colosseum .	A athletes team is in a gym .
entailment	A adolescents dame toying with her watch .	A woman is fidgeting .
entailment	A teens dame toying with her watch .	A women is fidgeting .
entailment	A youngsters lady toying with her watch .	A woman is fidgeting .
entailment	A woman in a red frock is walking on the sidewalk .	The woman in a red garb is outdoors .
entailment	A woman in a red garb is walking on the sidewalk .	The women in a red frock is outdoors .
entailment	A female in a red attire is walking on the sidewalk .	The female in a red frock is outdoors .
entailment	Two girls search into camera and smiling	Two girl grin into the camera .
entailment	Two girls looking into camera and smiling	Two daughter grin into the camera .
entailment	Two daughter quest into camera and smiling	Two girls grin into the camera .
entailment	Three smaller Asian female walk on a rain soaked street with traffic in the background .	There is more than one female in the panel .
entailment	Three teen Asian female walk on a rain soaked street with traffic in the background .	There is more than one women in the groups .
entailment	Three minors Asian women walk on a rain soaked street with traffic in the background .	There is more than one women in the panel .
entailment	a females walking down the street .	A dame is walking down a street .
entailment	a female walking down the street .	A dame is walking down a street .
entailment	a woman walking down the street .	A dame is walking down a street .
entailment	Two kids in their pjs .	A couple of miner are wearing pajamas .
entailment	Two young in their pjs .	A couple of teenagers are wearing pajamas .
entailment	Two underage in their pajamas .	A couple of miner are wearing pajamas .
entailment	A woman walking down a crowded pavement conversation on her laptops .	A woman is conversation on her phone and walking down a sidewalk .
entailment	A woman walking down a crowded pavement discussions on her portable .	A female is conversations on her phone and walking down a pavement .
entailment	A women walking down a crowded sidewalk discussions on her portable .	A woman is conversation on her telephone and walking down a sidewalk .
entailment	An Indian women stands in an outer market .	A female is outdoors at a bazaar .
entailment	An Indian female stands in an outboard market .	A females is outdoors at a bazaar .
entailment	An Indian females stands in an outer markets .	A females is outdoors at a bazaar .
entailment	A masculine wearing a short-sleeved blue shirt and carrying a blue purse while using snow walking sticks treks through the snowy with a female wearing a long-sleeved blue shirt and negro trousers also using snow walking sticks .	a guy with a blue top carries a bundles and makes his way through snow
entailment	A mens wearing a short-sleeved blue shirt and carry a blue purses while using snow walking sticks treks through the snowy with a women wearing a long-sleeved blue shirt and negro underclothes also using snowy walking sticks .	a guy with a blue top carries a package and makes his manner through snow
entailment	A man wearing a short-sleeved blue shirt and carry a blue purses while using snowy walking sticks treks through the snowy with a females wearing a long-sleeved blue shirt and black underpants also using snowy walking sticks .	a guy with a blue top carries a packet and makes his manner through snow
entailment	The gentleman is speaking while the others are listening .	The male is being given respect .
entailment	The gentlemen is speaking while the others are listening .	The masculine is being given respect .
entailment	The gentleman is speaking while the others are listening .	The males is being given respect .
entailment	An elderly females in a white hat and purple and blue cloths is sitting down by a timber building .	There is a building .
entailment	An aging females in a white hat and purple and blue cloths is sitting down by a wood building .	There is a building .
entailment	An elderly female in a white hat and purple and blue cloths is sitting down by a wooden building .	There is a building .
entailment	A street performer is entertaining a gathered audience with the assistance of a juvenile boy .	A street performer and teenaged boy are entertaining passersby .
entailment	A street performer is entertaining a gathered audience with the aids of a children boy .	A street performer and youngsters boy are entertaining passersby .
entailment	A street performer is entertaining a gathered audience with the assisting of a kid boy .	A street performer and miners boy are entertaining passersby .
entailment	A group of motorbikes wearing negro .	Some cyclist wearing negro outside .
entailment	A groups of motorcycle wearing negro .	Some cycle wearing negro outdoor .
entailment	A panel of cycling wearing black .	Some bicycle wearing negro outboard .
entailment	A group of motorbike wearing negro .	Few bike in negro .
entailment	A panel of cycle wearing negro .	Few cycle in negro .
entailment	A panels of mopeds wearing black .	Few bicycle in negro .
entailment	There is a green trash truck in road with a persons sweeping pavement .	A person sweeps .
entailment	There is a green trash truck in route with a persons sweeping sidewalk .	A individuals sweeps .
entailment	There is a green trash truck in pathway with a person sweep sidewalk .	A persons sweeps .
entailment	A groups of males are sitting and standing a backyard , some of them are reading ledger and some are conversation .	Men are reading and milling approximately .
entailment	A panel of men are sitting and standing a backyard , some of them are reading books and some are talking .	Men are reading and milling roughly .
entailment	A grouping of man are sitting and standing a courtyard , some of them are reading ledger and some are discussions .	Men are reading and milling about .
entailment	Rose petals being thrown at an asian couple .	An Asian couple are together .
entailment	Rose petals being thrown at an asia couple .	An Asian couple are together .
entailment	Rose petals being thrown at an asia couple .	An Asian couple are together .
entailment	Two friends having a laugh .	Two friends are laughing .
entailment	Two friends having a laugh .	Two friends are laugh .
entailment	Two friends having a laugh .	Two friends are laugh .
entailment	A mens and a woman are laughing .	Two people are happy .
entailment	A men and a woman are laugh .	Two people are happy .
entailment	A men and a women are laugh .	Two people are happy .
entailment	A male is reading a book while sitting on a bench outdoor of a bookshelf .	A males is reading on a bench outdoor of a boutique .
entailment	A male is reading a book while sitting on a bench outside of a librarians .	A masculine is reading on a bench outer of a store .
entailment	A mens is reading a book while sitting on a bench outboard of a bookshop .	A masculine is reading on a bench outer of a boutique .
entailment	A man in a black shirt overlooking motorbike maintenance .	A men clocks motorcycle repairing .
entailment	A man in a negro shirt overlooking motorbikes upkeep .	A male watches bicycling repairs .
entailment	A male in a black shirt overlooking bike upkeep .	A male clocks cyclist repairs .
entailment	A men in a whiskey shirt search through a telescopes lens .	a men is searching through a telescope
entailment	A man in a scottish shirt quest through a telescopes lens .	a masculine is search through a telescope
entailment	A man in a scotsman shirt quest through a telescope lenses .	a man is search through a telescope
entailment	People are shopping around Christmas deadline for decorations .	People are purchasing things .
entailment	People are shopping around Christmas periods for medals .	People are purchases things .
entailment	People are shopping around Christmas calendar for medals .	People are purchasing things .
entailment	A shirtless men skateboards on a ledge .	A masculine without a shirt
entailment	A shirtless mens skateboards on a ledge .	A male without a shirt
entailment	A shirtless mens skateboards on a ledge .	A male without a shirt
entailment	A individuals is sitting on a yellow picnic table with a water bottle , while a baby stroller sits beside her .	a individual on a tables holds a water near a stroller
entailment	A persons is sitting on a yellow picnic tables with a water bottle , while a baby stroller sits beside her .	a individual on a table holds a water near a stroller
entailment	A persons is sitting on a yellow picnic table with a water bottle , while a baby stroller sits beside her .	a individual on a tables holds a water near a stroller
entailment	Lady wearing brown jacket with brown boots and orange colored scarf is auditions music while sitting in the train .	There is a dame with an orange scarf , brown boots , and brown jacket on the train listening to music .
entailment	Lady wearing brown jacket with brown boots and orange colored scarf is auditions music while sitting in the train .	There is a lady with an orange scarf , brown boots , and brown jacket on the train listening to music .
entailment	Lady wearing brown jacket with brown boots and orange colored scarf is tryouts music while sitting in the train .	There is a dame with an orange scarf , brown boots , and brown jacket on the train listening to music .
entailment	A yellow automobile driving across a snowy route .	A yellow cars is drives in the snow in the winter .
entailment	A yellow motor drive across a snow pathway .	A yellow cars is drive in the snowy in the winter .
entailment	A yellow cars drives across a snow pathway .	A yellow vehicle is driving in the snowy in the winter .
entailment	A guy surfer in a lake or river while a examines is pulling him	That males is on a surfboard .
entailment	A guy surf in a lake or river while a studying is pulling him	That male is on a surfboard .
entailment	A guy surfer in a lake or river while a sail is pulling him	That masculine is on a surfboard .
entailment	A guy surfing in a lake or river while a yachting is pulling him	The males is surfer outdoors .
entailment	A guy surf in a lake or river while a battleship is pulling him	The male is surf outdoors .
entailment	A guy surf in a lake or river while a yacht is pulling him	The men is surfing outdoors .
entailment	A crowd of people stand in street in front of a series of white tents .	A crowd of people stand in the street .
entailment	A crowd of people stand in street in front of a serial of white tents .	A crowd of people stand in the street .
entailment	A crowd of people stand in street in front of a serial of white tents .	A crowd of people stand in the street .
entailment	A females runner clothed in blue sportsmen wear is running in a contest , while viewers line the street .	There are people on the street .
entailment	A female racer dressed in blue sports wear is running in a contest , while spectators line the street .	There are people on the street .
entailment	A women racer attired in blue sporting wear is running in a contest , while spectators line the street .	There are people on the street .
entailment	Four people stand in front of trees .	Four people outer .
entailment	Four people stand in front of tree .	Four people outer .
entailment	Four people stand in front of tree .	Four people outboard .
entailment	A youngsters couple and several others out enjoying themselves at an exterior street event .	The outer street event has attracted different people .
entailment	A minors couple and differing others out enjoying themselves at an outboard street event .	The outboard street events has attracted several people .
entailment	A juvenile couple and varied others out enjoying themselves at an exterior street events .	The outside street event has attracted many people .
entailment	Several street motors pass by a traditional architecture style of Thailand .	Vehicles are going down a street in Thailand .
entailment	Several street motors pass by a classical architecture style of Thailand .	Vehicles are going down a street in Thailand .
entailment	Several street automobile pass by a traditional architecture style of Thailand .	Vehicles are going down a street in Thailand .
entailment	Several street automobiles pass by a classical architecture style of Thailand .	Vehicles are moving .
entailment	Several street cars pass by a classical architecture style of Thailand .	Vehicles are moving .
entailment	Several street autos pass by a classical architecture style of Thailand .	Vehicles are moving .
entailment	Elderly women climbing up the stairs .	The ancient lady was walking up the stairs .
entailment	Elderly women climbing up the stairs .	The elders lady was walking up the stairs .
entailment	Elderly woman climb up the stairs .	The seniors dame was walking up the stairs .
entailment	A male in a green shirt is getting his foot wet in front of a wall showing a closeup images of a face .	The man is exterior .
entailment	A man in a green shirt is getting his footing wet in front of a wall showing a closeup picture of a face .	The male is outboard .
entailment	A man in a green shirt is getting his feet wet in front of a wall showing a closeup picture of a face .	The masculine is exterior .
entailment	A group of brown-haired juveniles doing laundry .	Group of youths are doing laundry .
entailment	A group of brown-haired youth doing laundry .	Group of minor are doing laundry .
entailment	A group of brown-haired teenaged doing laundry .	Group of youngsters are doing laundry .
entailment	A mens is painting a image outside behind a crowd .	A painter is creating a photo .
entailment	A male is paints a photographic outboard behind a crowd .	A painter is creating a photo .
entailment	A male is paints a photographing outdoor behind a crowd .	A painter is creating a photographs .
entailment	A underage youth clothed in a scarf , hat , jacket , gloves , panties , and boots , outer play in the snowy .	A miners plays in the snowy while attired in warming winter clothes .
entailment	A adolescence adolescence dressed in a scarf , hat , jacket , gloves , breeches , and boots , exterior playing in the snow .	A adolescents plays in the snowy while attired in warm winter clothes .
entailment	A smaller child dressed in a scarf , hat , jacket , gloves , undergarments , and boots , outside play in the snow .	A teenage plays in the snowy while clothed in warming winter apparel .
entailment	An older gentlemen in a hat and glasses holding a baby who is wrapped in a towel .	An antiquated male in clothes accessories is cradaling an babies who is wrapped in a towel .
entailment	An old gentleman in a hat and glasses holding a baby who is wrapped in a towel .	An outdated masculine in clothes accessories is cradaling an infant who is wrapped in a towel .
entailment	An antique gentlemen in a hat and eyeglasses holding a baby who is wrapped in a towel .	An aged male in apparel accessories is cradaling an babies who is wrapped in a towel .
entailment	A men in renaissance apparel is sitting on a brick wall .	The male is in costume
entailment	A men in renaissance garment is sitting on a brick wall .	The mens is in costume
entailment	A men in renaissance sportswear is sitting on a brick wall .	The males is in costume
entailment	A teenagers girl with purple trousers , a striped jacket , and a white hat is climb up a ladder made of recordings .	A daughters is climbing up a ladder .
entailment	A youngsters girl with purple pants , a striped jacket , and a white hat is climb up a ladder made of tape .	A girl is climb up a ladder .
entailment	A teenager girl with purple breeches , a striped jacket , and a white hat is climbing up a ladder made of log .	A girl is climb up a ladder .
entailment	A groups of people and a dog sitting on the steps .	A group of people are sitting with a dog .
entailment	A groups of people and a dog sitting on the steps .	A group of people are sitting with a dog .
entailment	A groups of people and a dog sitting on the steps .	A groups of people are sitting with a dog .
entailment	A female in a blue standardized , with long curly red-hair , looking at her equestrian prior the racing .	The equestrian has four legs
entailment	A women in a blue standardized , with long curly red-hair , search at her horse before the racing .	The horse has four legs
entailment	A female in a blue uniform , with lengthy curly red-hair , search at her equestrian prior the races .	The equestrian has four legs
entailment	The skateboarder is jumping his board in the aircraft while another skateboarder watches .	A skateboarder is jumping .
entailment	The skateboarder is jumping his board in the planes while another skateboarder clocks .	A skateboarder is jumping .
entailment	The skateboarder is jumping his board in the air while another skateboarder watches .	A skateboarder is jumping .
entailment	A youthful males in a blue hoodie doing a flip off of a half-wall that is covered in graffiti .	A masculine does a flip off a wall .
entailment	A juveniles men in a blue hoodie doing a flip off of a half-wall that is covered in graffiti .	A males does a flip off a wall .
entailment	A juvenile masculine in a blue hoodie doing a flip off of a half-wall that is cover in graffiti .	A males does a flip off a wall .
entailment	A bearded men , using a wood poles , stirs bowl-like objects around in a overwhelming metals box filled with water .	A men has hairstyle on his face .
entailment	A bearded mens , using a wood pole , stirs bowl-like objects around in a massive metal box filled with water .	A man has hairdo on his face .
entailment	A bearded males , using a wood pole , stirs bowl-like objects around in a overwhelming metal box filled with water .	A mens has hairdo on his face .
entailment	A farmer tends to his chores .	A farmer works on their farm .
entailment	A farmer tends to his chores .	A farmer works on their farm .
entailment	A farmer tends to his chores .	A farmer works on their farm .
entailment	A guy in a red jacket is snowboard in midair .	A guy is doing snowboarding tricks
entailment	A guy in a red jacket is skiing in plane .	A guy is doing snowboarding tricks
entailment	A guy in a red jacket is snowboarding in airline .	A guy is doing snowboarding tricks
entailment	A guy in a red jacket is snowboarding in aviation .	A guy is outside in the snow
entailment	A guy in a red jacket is snowboard in plane .	A guy is outside in the snow
entailment	A guy in a red jacket is snowboard in aerial .	A guy is outer in the snow
entailment	Twenty five people are marching .	A immense panels marches around .
entailment	Twenty five people are marching .	A massive panels marches around .
entailment	Twenty five people are marching .	A huge groups marches around .
entailment	A old mens working at a loom	An elders men looms some threads .
entailment	A antiquated mens working at a loom	An seniors man looms some threads .
entailment	A old mens working at a loom	An older mens looms some threads .
entailment	Four female standing around a yellow tables are quest at laptop .	A groups of woman looking at cellphone together .
entailment	Four women standing around a yellow tables are searching at cellphone .	A grouping of females quest at cellphone together .
entailment	Four female standing around a yellow tables are searching at cellphone .	A panel of women search at notebooks together .
entailment	Many woman trying out and search at mobiles in a Walmart .	Women are shopping for computers at a gigantic store .
entailment	Many women trying out and quest at movable in a Walmart .	Women are shopping for computer at a jumbo store .
entailment	Many women trying out and searches at cellphone in a Walmart .	Women are shopping for computer at a hefty store .
entailment	A dad with his teenaged and an apple pie .	A dad and his teenagers are eating apple pie .
entailment	A papa with his children and an apple pie .	A daddy and his miners are eating apple pie .
entailment	A daddy with his kid and an apple pie .	A daddy and his youthful are eating apple pie .
entailment	A daddy with his child and an apple pie .	A daddy is with his adolescence .
entailment	A daddy with his children and an apple pie .	A daddy is with his youngsters .
entailment	A dad with his juveniles and an apple pie .	A daddy is with his minor .
entailment	A minor boy holding a pumpkin in the medium of a pumpkin patch .	A underage is holding something orange .
entailment	A minors boy holding a pumpkin in the middle of a pumpkin patch .	A youths is holding something orange .
entailment	A youthful boy holding a pumpkin in the media of a pumpkin patch .	A minor is holding something orange .
entailment	Two dogs run together near the leaves .	Two dogs are running .
entailment	Two dogs run together near the leaves .	Two dogs are running .
entailment	Two dogs run together near the leaves .	Two dogs are running .
entailment	A masculine wearing a hat sitting on the side of a hill search toward the water .	The man wearing a hat is seated , slightly elevated , facing the water .
entailment	A male wearing a hat sitting on the side of a hill searching towards the water .	The male wearing a hat is seated , slightly elevated , facing the water .
entailment	A males wearing a hat sitting on the side of a hill searching towards the water .	The mens wearing a hat is seated , slightly elevated , facing the water .
entailment	A brown and white dog walking away from a negro and brown dog with a tennis ball in its mouth while standing in water .	A dog stands in the water .
entailment	A brown and white dog walking away from a negro and brown dog with a tennis ball in its mouth while standing in water .	A dog stands in the water .
entailment	A brown and white dog walking away from a negro and brown dog with a tennis ball in its mouth while standing in water .	A dog stands in the water .
entailment	A panels of women observing an event while one in military garb takes a photograph	A grouping of people are watching something and one takes a photography .
entailment	A grouping of woman observing an event while one in military attire takes a photograph	A group of people are watching something and one takes a photograph .
entailment	A panels of woman observing an events while one in solider dress takes a photograph	A group of people are watching something and one takes a photographing .
entailment	two females in lingerie with green feathers around waist	A female wears lingerie .
entailment	two females in lingerie with green feathers around waist	A woman wears lingerie .
entailment	two females in lingerie with green feathers around waist	A female wears lingerie .
entailment	two women in lingerie with green plumes around waist	Two female do n't wear much apparel .
entailment	two females in lingerie with green feathers around waist	Two female do n't wear much garment .
entailment	two woman in lingerie with green feathers around waist	Two females do n't wear much garment .
entailment	Two little girls are holding stuffed animals .	There are two youths in this images .
entailment	Two little girl are holding stuffed zoo .	There are two minor in this photographs .
entailment	Two little daughter are holding stuffed animals .	There are two youthful in this photograph .
entailment	some juvenile play in the grass outside near a tree .	Children playing outer .
entailment	some miners play in the grass outboard near a trees .	Children play outer .
entailment	some children playing in the grass outside near a tree .	Children play outside .
entailment	A brown and white dog holds a tennis ball in his mouth .	A dog mouth holds a recover ball .
entailment	A brown and white dog holds a tennis ball in his mouth .	A dog mouth holds a retrieved ball .
entailment	A brown and white dog holds a tennis ball in his mouth .	A dog mouth holds a retrieve ball .
entailment	The basketball player in the blue standardized is guard the player in the orange uniform , who has the ball .	A orange standardized basketball player with ball is guarded by , a blue uniformed opponent team player
entailment	The basketball player in the blue uniformed is guards the player in the orange uniforms , who has the ball .	A orange uniform basketball player with ball is guarded by , a blue uniforms adversary team player
entailment	The basketball player in the blue uniforms is guards the player in the orange standardized , who has the ball .	A orange uniforms basketball player with ball is guarded by , a blue uniforms opponent team player
entailment	a couple wearing bright outfits walking hand and hand on a pavement .	A couple is wearing bright outfits .
entailment	a couple wearing bright outfits walking hand and hand on a sidewalk .	A couple is wearing bright outfits .
entailment	a couple wearing bright outfits walking hand and hand on a pavement .	A couple is wearing bright outfits .
entailment	A teens woman clothed up semi-formally is reading book and drinking in the sun , seated on a bench .	A teen female reads near the navy .
entailment	A teen woman clothed up semi-formally is reading book and drinking in the sun , seated on a bench .	A teenage women reads near the naval .
entailment	A teenager woman attired up semi-formally is reading book and drinking in the sun , seated on a bench .	A young woman reads near the oceanic .
entailment	A man with no shirt on is performing with a baton .	A mens is doing things with a baton .
entailment	A men with no shirt on is performing with a baton .	A male is doing things with a baton .
entailment	A men with no shirt on is performing with a baton .	A men is doing things with a baton .
entailment	A black and brown dog is play with a brown and white dog .	Two dogs playing .
entailment	A negro and brown dog is play with a brown and white dog .	Two dogs playing .
entailment	A negro and brown dog is playing with a brown and white dog .	Two dogs playing .
entailment	An aging masculine holding a sign for tattoos soliciting businesses on the street .	The man works with a tattooing corporations .
entailment	An older men holding a sign for tattoos soliciting companies on the street .	The male works with a tattoo corporations .
entailment	An aged man holding a sign for tattoos soliciting company on the street .	The mens works with a tattooing corporations .
entailment	People searches at tall east art piece .	People are quest at art
entailment	People searches at tall eastern art piece .	People are looking at art
entailment	People search at tall eastern art piece .	People are searching at art
entailment	An Obama Biden supporter cheering for the Presidential candidate and his running mate .	Someone is cheering for a presidential candidates .
entailment	An Obama Biden supporter cheers for the Presidential hopefuls and his running mating .	Someone is cheers for a presidents candidates .
entailment	An Obama Biden supporter cheering for the Presidential candidate and his running mating .	Someone is cheering for a president hopefuls .
entailment	A men attired in a suit and bowler style hat plays a sousaphone which has flames coming out of the top .	A man is wearing a suit .
entailment	A man dressed in a suit and bowler style hat plays a sousaphone which has flames coming out of the top .	A mens is wearing a suit .
entailment	A male clothed in a suit and bowler style hat plays a sousaphone which has flames coming out of the top .	A males is wearing a suit .
entailment	A male yacht his facial hairstyle .	The men is quest at his face .
entailment	A male navigation his facial hairstyle .	The man is looking at his face .
entailment	A mens inquires his facial hair .	The mens is searches at his face .
entailment	Two mens watching one mens make a golfer putt on the set of Sports Center .	People watching athletics .
entailment	Two masculine watching one males make a golfer putt on the set of Sports Center .	People watching sports .
entailment	Two mens watching one male make a golfing putt on the set of Sports Center .	People watching sporting .
entailment	Two male watching one masculine make a golfer putt on the set of Sports Center .	There are people in a athletics center .
entailment	Two mens watching one man make a golfer putt on the set of Sports Center .	There are people in a sporting center .
entailment	Two man watching one males make a golfing putt on the set of Sports Center .	There are people in a sportsman centre .
entailment	A solo bike is riding down a windy pathway .	A cycling rides down a road
entailment	A solo motorcycle is riding down a windy routes .	A motorbike rides down a road
entailment	A solo bicycles is riding down a windy paths .	A cycle rides down a road
entailment	An Asian technology demonstration of computer and other gadgets .	An Asian shows computers .
entailment	An Asian technologies demonstration of computers and other gadgets .	An Asian shows computer .
entailment	An Asian technologies demonstration of computers and other gadgets .	An Asian shows computer .
entailment	A black and white dog jumps for a tennis ball .	A dog is mid-air , jumping to catch a tennis ball .
entailment	A black and white dog jumps for a tennis ball .	A dog is mid-air , jumping to catch a tennis ball .
entailment	A black and white dog jumps for a tennis ball .	A dog is mid-air , jumping to catch a tennis ball .
entailment	A panels of people having a talking .	Multiple people talk to each other .
entailment	A grouping of people having a conversations .	Multiple people talk to each other .
entailment	A groups of people having a conversation .	Multiple people talk to each other .
entailment	A crowd wearing orange cheers for their team in a stadium .	People wearing orange .
entailment	A crowd wearing orange cheering for their team in a stadium .	People wearing orange .
entailment	A crowd wearing orange cheering for their team in a stadium .	People wearing orange .
entailment	A man clothed in a brown shirt and tan shorts is down on one knee searches at some type of machinery .	The men is sailing a machine .
entailment	A mens attired in a brown shirt and tan shorts is down on one knee looking at some type of machinery .	The male is boats a machine .
entailment	A man clothed in a brown shirt and tan shorts is down on one knee quest at some type of machinery .	The male is yacht a machine .
entailment	The German shepherd runs happily in the park .	Dog runs exterior .
entailment	The German shepherd runs happily in the park .	Dog runs outer .
entailment	The German shepherd runs happily in the park .	Dog runs outer .
entailment	A man is rolling a baggage in front of a bunch of red flowers .	A masculine is standing in front of flowering .
entailment	A men is rolling a suitcase in front of a bunch of red flower .	A male is standing in front of flower .
entailment	A males is rolling a luggage in front of a bunch of red flowers .	A mens is standing in front of flower .
entailment	A game similar to baseball is being played as a ball closes in on the player who is braced to strike .	A bunch of people are play a games .
entailment	A game similar to baseball is being played as a ball closes in on the player who is braced to strike .	A bunch of people are playing a games .
entailment	A games similar to baseball is being played as a ball closes in on the player who is readies to strike .	A bunch of people are play a game .
entailment	Three people in uniformed are outdoors and are observing a scene which is out of the images .	Uniformed people are observing a scene
entailment	Three people in uniform are outdoors and are observing a scene which is out of the photographs .	Uniformed people are observing a scene
entailment	Three people in uniformed are outdoors and are observing a scene which is out of the photographic .	Uniformed people are observing a scene
entailment	Three people in uniformed are outdoors and are observing a scene which is out of the photographs .	Uniformed people are outside
entailment	Three people in uniform are outdoors and are observing a scene which is out of the images .	Uniformed people are outside
entailment	Three people in uniform are outdoors and are observing a scene which is out of the photography .	Uniformed people are outside
entailment	A mens in a laboratory coat is looking through a microscope .	A masculine is looking through a microscope
entailment	A masculine in a lab coat is searches through a microscope .	A man is search through a microscope
entailment	A masculine in a lab coat is quest through a microscope .	A man is search through a microscope
entailment	A crowd wearing orange cheering for their team in a stadium .	Fans cheers on their team at the big game .
entailment	A crowd wearing orange cheering for their team in a stadium .	Fans cheering on their team at the heavy games .
entailment	A crowd wearing orange cheers for their team in a stadium .	Fans cheering on their team at the enormous game .
entailment	A adolescents boy in green is practising kicking .	the your boy is excercizing .
entailment	A youths boy in green is practicing kicking .	the your boy is excercizing .
entailment	A teenager boy in green is practise kicking .	the your boy is excercizing .
entailment	A woman taking candy off of a shelf and putting it in a box .	A woman puts candy away
entailment	A women taking candy off of a shelf and putting it in a box .	A female puts candy away
entailment	A woman taking candy off of a shelf and putting it in a box .	A women puts candy away
entailment	Two performers , one mens playing a guitar , and one females with a mic raised to her mouth are sitting on chair performing .	A men and a females are performing a song together .
entailment	Two performers , one men play a guitar , and one women with a mic raised to her mouth are sitting on chair performing .	A male and a females are performing a song together .
entailment	Two performers , one masculine playing a guitar , and one female with a mic raised to her mouth are sitting on chair performing .	A male and a woman are performing a song together .
entailment	Two teams of men are playing basketball on a courts in an empty stadium .	The man are play basketball with no audience .
entailment	Two teams of man are play basketball on a courts in an hollow stadium .	The male are playing basketball with no audience .
entailment	Two teams of men are play basketball on a court in an empty stadium .	The mens are playing basketball with no audience .
entailment	Female gymnasts warm up before a competition .	Gymnasts get braced for a contest .
entailment	Female gymnasts warming up before a competition .	Gymnasts get prepared for a competitions .
entailment	Female gymnasts warming up before a competition .	Gymnasts get ready for a rivalry .
entailment	A men in dark apparel walking in a transit station .	A male walking through a transit station .
entailment	A mens in dark clothing walking in a transit station .	A male walking through a transit station .
entailment	A males in dark garments walking in a transit station .	A mens walking through a transit station .
entailment	A males is working in an art studio and is surrounded by art supplies .	A man is working on art .
entailment	A male is working in an art studio and is surrounded by art supplies .	A mens is working on art .
entailment	A mens is working in an art studio and is surrounded by art supplies .	A men is working on art .
entailment	Two beautiful , small girl with dark hairdo and dark complexions are sitting down eating cupcakes .	Two daughter eating cupcakes .
entailment	Two beautiful , petite girl with dark hairdo and dark complexions are sitting down eating cupcakes .	Two daughter eating cupcakes .
entailment	Two beautiful , small daughter with dark hairdo and dark complexions are sitting down eating cupcakes .	Two daughter eating cupcakes .
entailment	A persons clothed in negro and red protects gear drive an ATV on a track .	There is a individuals drive .
entailment	A individuals attired in black and red protective gear drive an ATV on a track .	There is a individuals drive .
entailment	A persons clothed in negro and red protects gear drives an ATV on a track .	There is a persons driving .
entailment	The errand greyhounds have broken from the commence door .	The dogs are racing down the track .
entailment	The races greyhounds have broken from the embark door .	The dogs are races down the track .
entailment	The errand greyhounds have broken from the initiation gate .	The dogs are race down the track .
entailment	Two workers in work attire -LRB- windbreakers and vests -RRB- walking along the edge of a routing .	The two guys were working outside .
entailment	Two workers in work frock -LRB- windbreakers and vests -RRB- walking along the edge of a road .	The two guys were working outdoor .
entailment	Two workers in work frock -LRB- windbreakers and vests -RRB- walking along the edge of a paths .	The two guys were working outside .
entailment	Six people are jumping up in excitement with costumes on with vibrant pink and orange coloring in the skies are four hot airliner balloons they appear to be in a dried dessert setting	Six people are in a dessert .
entailment	Six people are jumping up in excitement with costumes on with vibrant pink and orange color in the skies are four hot jets balloons they appear to be in a dehydrated dessert setting	Six people are in a dessert .
entailment	Six people are jumping up in excitement with costumes on with vibrant pink and orange colours in the skies are four hot airline balloons they appear to be in a drier dessert setting	Six people are in a dessert .
entailment	Two mens are drum , one is standing and one is sitting down .	Two people are drums .
entailment	Two males are drums , one is standing and one is sitting down .	Two people are drumming .
entailment	Two men are drumming , one is standing and one is sitting down .	Two people are drum .
entailment	A lady wearing a blue garb and earrings , is sitting at a tables with a napkin in her hand and her elbow on the tables .	A females near a tables .
entailment	A lady wearing a blue attire and earrings , is sitting at a tables with a napkin in her hand and her elbow on the tables .	A females near a table .
entailment	A lady wearing a blue attire and earrings , is sitting at a tables with a napkin in her hand and her elbow on the table .	A female near a table .
entailment	One man , wearing a blue shirt , standing on the back of a truck in a markets .	The males is standing on a truck .
entailment	One masculine , wearing a blue shirt , standing on the back of a truck in a markets .	The men is standing on a truck .
entailment	One male , wearing a blue shirt , standing on the back of a truck in a markets .	The man is standing on a truck .
entailment	A person flying through the midair on a cyclist .	A individuals is on a bicycling .
entailment	A individuals flying through the airlines on a motorbike .	A person is on a cycling .
entailment	A individuals flying through the midair on a motorcycles .	A persons is on a bike .
entailment	The brown and negro dogs are carrying a enormous register in the meadow .	dogs carrying a overwhelming record in a meadow .
entailment	The brown and black dogs are carrying a hefty register in the meadow .	dogs carrying a heavy registered in a meadow .
entailment	The brown and black dogs are carrying a huge inscription in the meadow .	dogs carry a massive logs in a meadow .
entailment	Dark-haired man wearing a watch and ovens mitt roughly to cook some meat in the kitchen .	A masculine is cook something to eat .
entailment	Dark-haired men wearing a watch and furnace mitt about to cook some meat in the kitchen .	A man is cooking something to eat .
entailment	Dark-haired mens wearing a watch and oven mitt roughly to cooks some meat in the kitchen .	A men is cooking something to eat .
entailment	Two man renovate a brick wall outer .	Two man are working .
entailment	Two males renovate a brick wall outdoor .	Two men are working .
entailment	Two mens renovate a brick wall outside .	Two mens are working .
entailment	Two males are fixing the side of an antiquated brick building .	People fixing a building
entailment	Two man are fixing the side of an aged brick building .	People fixing a building
entailment	Two men are fixing the side of an archaic brick building .	People fixing a building
entailment	A males on stilts is performing a magical trick while onlookers enjoy .	a males on stilts performs a ploy for an audience .
entailment	A masculine on stilts is performing a magical ploy while onlookers enjoy .	a males on stilts performs a trick for an audience .
entailment	A men on stilts is performing a magical trick while bystanders enjoy .	a male on stilts performs a trick for an audience .
entailment	Three people are making transactions at an automatic cashier machine .	A line of people at an ATM .
entailment	Three people are making transactions at an automated teller machine .	A line of people at an ATM .
entailment	Three people are making transactions at an automated teller machine .	A line of people at an ATM .
entailment	A child redheaded females laughs at something .	A redheaded females laughs at something .
entailment	A underage redheaded women laughs at something .	A redheaded female laughs at something .
entailment	A minors redheaded woman laughs at something .	A redheaded female laughs at something .
entailment	A worker peers out from atop a building under construction .	A person is atop of a building .
entailment	A worker peers out from atop a building under construction .	A individuals is atop of a building .
entailment	A worker peers out from atop a building under construction .	A persons is atop of a building .
entailment	A males and woman slumber outboard on a bench .	A mens and woman slept together outdoor on a park bench .
entailment	A masculine and woman slept exterior on a bench .	A man and females slumber together outside on a park bench .
entailment	A masculine and females slept exterior on a bench .	A men and female sleeping together outside on a park bench .
entailment	A men and woman sleeping outer on a bench .	A couple asleep on a bench outboard .
entailment	A male and female slumber outer on a bench .	A couple asleep on a bench outside .
entailment	A male and female sleep outboard on a bench .	A couple asleep on a bench outdoor .
entailment	A child boy gets his photographic taken with Mr. and Mrs. Clause .	A smaller boy gets his photographic taken .
entailment	A young boy gets his photographer taken with Mr. and Mrs. Clause .	A youngsters boy gets his pictures taken .
entailment	A juveniles boy gets his photographs taken with Mr. and Mrs. Clause .	A adolescents boy gets his image taken .
entailment	A mens is wearing protection hairstyle and face coverings .	A persons is covering their face and hairstyle .
entailment	A mens is wearing protect hair and face coverings .	A individuals is covering their face and hair .
entailment	A male is wearing protective hair and face coverings .	A individuals is covering their face and hairdo .
entailment	One lady is search at a blue box while the shorter lady is search at something on her telephone at the grocery boutique .	one lady looks at a box while another looks at her phone
entailment	One lady is searches at a blue box while the shorter dame is quest at something on her telephone at the grocery boutique .	one dame looks at a box while another looks at her phone
entailment	One lady is quest at a blue box while the shorter dame is search at something on her phone at the grocery store .	one lady looks at a box while another looks at her phone
entailment	Two teenaged men are on a heavy , grading expanse of grass , and the male in the red shirt is catching the white Frisbee .	The men are playing frisbee .
entailment	Two smaller man are on a big , grade expanse of grass , and the males in the red shirt is catching the white Frisbee .	The men are play frisbee .
entailment	Two children man are on a big , levels expanse of grass , and the masculine in the red shirt is catching the white Frisbee .	The masculine are play frisbee .
entailment	A group of people cleanliness some kins of sea animals .	There is at minimum one person .
entailment	A group of people cleaning some kins of sea animals .	There is at minimum one persons .
entailment	A panels of people cleaning some kins of seas zoo .	There is at minimum one persons .
entailment	Seven masculine are preparing to operate a helicopter	There are man at the helicopter .
entailment	Seven masculine are preparing to operate a helicopter	There are males at the chopper .
entailment	Seven man are preparing to operate a helicopter	There are male at the helicopters .
entailment	A smaller attired in a long-sleeve shirt with a jersey numbered 11 is passing a bar to a boy in a jersey numbered 12 during a relay racing .	Children compete in a relay errand .
entailment	A miner attired in a long-sleeve shirt with a jersey numbered 11 is passing a bar to a boy in a jersey numbered 12 during a relay racing .	Children compete in a relay race .
entailment	A teenage attired in a long-sleeve shirt with a jersey numbered 11 is passing a bar to a boy in a jersey numbered 12 during a relay racing .	Children compete in a relay racing .
entailment	A child clothed in a long-sleeve shirt with a jersey numbered 11 is passing a bar to a boy in a jersey numbered 12 during a relay errand .	A team of teenage race to completing first in a relay racing on a beach .
entailment	A underage dressed in a long-sleeve shirt with a jersey numbered 11 is passing a bar to a boy in a jersey numbered 12 during a relay racing .	A team of teen races to complete first in a relay errand on a beach .
entailment	A adolescents dressed in a long-sleeve shirt with a jersey numbered 11 is passing a bar to a boy in a jersey numbered 12 during a relay racing .	A team of youth errand to finishes first in a relay race on a beach .
entailment	Passengers in a rusty yellow autos drive down the street .	A vehicular driving on a street .
entailment	Passengers in a rusted yellow autos drive down the street .	A vehicle drive on a street .
entailment	Passengers in a rusted yellow autos drive down the street .	A auto driving on a street .
entailment	The basketball player in red is challenging the player in white for the ball .	People are playing basketball .
entailment	The basketball player in red is challenging the player in white for the ball .	People are playing basketball .
entailment	The basketball player in red is challenging the player in white for the ball .	People are playing basketball .
entailment	The basketball player in red is challenging the player in white for the ball .	A basketball player in red is trying to grab the ball from a player in white .
entailment	The basketball player in red is challenging the player in white for the ball .	A basketball player in red is trying to grab the ball from a player in white .
entailment	The basketball player in red is challenging the player in white for the ball .	A basketball player in red is trying to grab the ball from a player in white .
entailment	A child underage joyfully pulls colorful tissue paper from a decorated box , looking for his present .	a adolescence pulls colorful tissue paper from a fancy box
entailment	A children youthful joyfully pulls colorful tissue paper from a decorated box , searches for his present .	a teenager pulls colorful tissue paper from a fancy box
entailment	A underage adolescents joyfully pulls colorful tissue paper from a decorated box , looking for his present .	a adolescent pulls colorful tissue paper from a fancy box
entailment	A males in a white shirt taking a photographer .	a men takes a picture
entailment	A male in a white shirt taking a photography .	a mens takes a picture
entailment	A men in a white shirt taking a photographic .	a mens takes a picture
entailment	A females wears a gown and bikini with heels as she stands on stages next to a flowering pot .	A female is standing next to a flowering pot .
entailment	A women wears a robe and bikini with heels as she stands on stage next to a flower pot .	A women is standing next to a flowers pot .
entailment	A females wears a robe and bikini with heels as she stands on stage next to a flowers pot .	A woman is standing next to a flowering pot .
entailment	People walk outer `` The Tempe Bar '' .	People move around outboard .
entailment	People walk outdoor `` The Tempe Bar '' .	People move around outboard .
entailment	People walk exterior `` The Tempe Bar '' .	People move around outdoor .
entailment	Child swim in a pool .	A teenage swims in water .
entailment	Child swim in a pool .	A youth swims in water .
entailment	Child swimming in a pool .	A teenaged swims in water .
entailment	A mens in a white shirt hiking over rocks and water .	A males is hiking .
entailment	A male in a white shirt hiking over rocks and water .	A man is hiking .
entailment	A masculine in a white shirt hiking over rocks and water .	A man is hiking .
entailment	A dog opening its mouth to catch a blue and yellow toy .	A dog is running to catch a colorful ball
entailment	A dog opens its mouth to catch a blue and yellow toy .	A dog is running to catch a colorful ball
entailment	A dog opened its mouth to catch a blue and yellow toy .	A dog is running to catch a colorful ball
entailment	A white dog next to a basement window .	A dog next to a window
entailment	A white dog next to a cellar window .	A dog next to a window
entailment	A white dog next to a cellar window .	A dog next to a window
entailment	A males is throwing a little white ball at some red cups .	The man playing a game .
entailment	A mens is throwing a little white ball at some red cups .	The males play a games .
entailment	A male is throwing a petite white ball at some red cups .	The masculine play a games .
entailment	Person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail .	a individuals walking in a tunnel
entailment	Person walking down lighted tunnels with green handrail .	a persons walking in a tunnel
entailment	Person walking down lit tunnels with green handrail .	a individuals walking in a tunnel
entailment	A youthful adolescent climbing a stack of records even though the sign warns against it .	A juveniles climb some logs
entailment	A teenagers smaller climbing a stack of log even though the sign warn against it .	A children climb some logs
entailment	A teenaged child climbing a stack of recording even though the sign warning against it .	A children climb some logs
entailment	A male in a black shirt is looking at a bike in a workshop .	A man is in a black shirt
entailment	A masculine in a negro shirt is searches at a cycle in a workshop .	A mens is in a negro shirt
entailment	A masculine in a black shirt is search at a motorcycle in a workshop .	A males is in a black shirt
entailment	a monumental negro dog jumps in the aeroplane to catch the tennis ball in his mouth .	A dog is jumping .
entailment	a jumbo negro dog jumps in the plane to catch the tennis ball in his mouth .	A dog is jumping .
entailment	a vast negro dog jumps in the aerial to catch the tennis ball in his mouth .	A dog is jumping .
entailment	A male in a odd uniforms taking a images of an old-fashioned red athlete vehicular .	A individuals taking a pictures .
entailment	A mens in a odd uniformed taking a pictures of an old-fashioned red sports motors .	A persons taking a photos .
entailment	A males in a strange standardized taking a photo of an old-fashioned red sportsman vehicles .	A individuals taking a image .
entailment	A petite daughters in a pink hat is in a lush green field walking an ox .	A petite girls is in a field .
entailment	A petite girls in a pink hat is in a lush green field walking an ox .	A small daughter is in a field .
entailment	A little girls in a pink hat is in a lush green field walking an ox .	A small daughters is in a field .
entailment	A young boy in red leaping into sand at a playground .	A minor is play in the sand .
entailment	A youthful boy in red leaping into sand at a playground .	A adolescent is playing in the sand .
entailment	A miners boy in red leaping into sand at a playground .	A adolescents is playing in the sand .
entailment	A surfer is performing a jumping stunt in the oceanic .	A individuals in the water .
entailment	A surfing is performing a jumping stunt in the oceans .	A persons in the water .
entailment	A surf is performing a jumping stunt in the ocean .	A person in the water .
entailment	A masculine is celebrating his triomphe while smiling and shooting champagne in the aerial with his teammate .	A masculine is celebrating his triumph while smiling and shooting champagne in the air
entailment	A male is celebrating his triumph while smiling and shooting champagne in the aeroplane with his teammate .	A man is celebrating his victory while smiling and shooting champagne in the air
entailment	A man is celebrating his triumph while smiling and shooting champagne in the planes with his teammate .	A men is celebrating his victory while smiling and shooting champagne in the air
entailment	A mens is celebrating his victory while smiling and shooting champagne in the airlines with his teammate .	A masculine is happily celebrating his triomphe while smiling and shooting champagne in the air
entailment	A men is celebrating his triomphe while smiling and shooting champagne in the midair with his teammate .	A mens is happily celebrating his triomphe while smiling and shooting champagne in the air
entailment	A male is celebrating his victory while smiling and shooting champagne in the airways with his teammate .	A males is happily celebrating his victory while smiling and shooting champagne in the air
entailment	A woman is standing at a podium .	A person is at a podium .
entailment	A females is standing at a podium .	A persons is at a podium .
entailment	A woman is standing at a podium .	A person is at a podium .
entailment	A male wearing a white button down shirt is walking down the street .	The mens is walking down the street .
entailment	A male wearing a white button down shirt is walking down the street .	The men is walking down the street .
entailment	A masculine wearing a white button down shirt is walking down the street .	The mens is walking down the street .
entailment	A women and a youngsters girl are eating side by side .	Two people eating together .
entailment	A female and a youth daughter are eating side by side .	Two people eating together .
entailment	A females and a youths girls are eating side by side .	Two people eating together .
entailment	A blond female in a blue shirt looks on at an events .	The women is wearing a blue shirt .
entailment	A blond woman in a blue shirt looks on at an events .	The women is wearing a blue shirt .
entailment	A blond woman in a blue shirt looks on at an event .	The women is wearing a blue shirt .
entailment	A male sitting down enjoy his coffee at a coffee shop .	A person is drinking coffee .
entailment	A man sitting down enjoy his coffee at a coffee shop .	A persons is drinking coffee .
entailment	A males sitting down enjoy his coffee at a coffee shop .	A individuals is drinking coffee .
entailment	A mens is wearing a blue and yellow racing uniforms while holding a bottle	this guy is wearing a race uniform while holding a bottle
entailment	A masculine is wearing a blue and yellow racing uniform while holding a bottle	this guy is wearing a racing standardized while holding a bottle
entailment	A mens is wearing a blue and yellow race uniforms while holding a bottle	this guy is wearing a racing uniforms while holding a bottle
entailment	A happy woman who is preparing for dinner .	A female is cook .
entailment	A happy female who is preparing for dinner .	A females is cooking .
entailment	A happy female who is preparing for dinner .	A women is cooks .
entailment	A boy pushing a daughters on a toy SUV .	A boy and a girl are play .
entailment	A boy pushing a girls on a toy SUV .	A boy and a girl are play .
entailment	A boy pushing a daughter on a toy SUV .	A boy and a girl are play .
entailment	The male in the negro hat has his back to a theatre sign .	There is a males standing outboard of a theatre .
entailment	The masculine in the black hat has his back to a theatre sign .	There is a males standing outboard of a theatre .
entailment	The masculine in the negro hat has his back to a theater sign .	There is a male standing exterior of a theatre .
entailment	A masculine wearing a black jumper and a knitted ceiling sits in front of mountain scenery , with a cloudy skies overhead .	A masculine is outdoors .
entailment	A men wearing a negro sweater and a knitting chaps sits in front of mountain scenery , with a cloudy skies overhead .	A male is outdoors .
entailment	A masculine wearing a black jumper and a knit chap sits in front of mountain scenery , with a cloudy skies overhead .	A male is outdoors .
entailment	A bearded males wears a roughly sewn hooded costume emblazoned with pictures of Spiderman .	A males wearing a costume
entailment	A bearded male wears a roughly sewn hooded costume emblazoned with photographing of Spiderman .	A masculine wearing a costume
entailment	A bearded masculine wears a about sewn hooded costume emblazoned with photo of Spiderman .	A male wearing a costume
entailment	two boys reading superhero books	Two boys reading a piece of literature .
entailment	two boys reading superhero books	Two boys reading a piece of literature .
entailment	two boys reading superhero books	Two boys reading a piece of literature .
entailment	A guy with a football , a crowd watching him .	There is a guy holding a football .
entailment	A guy with a football , a crowd watching him .	There is a guy holding a football .
entailment	A guy with a football , a crowd watching him .	There is a guy holding a football .
entailment	Two daughters walking , both with a white shirt and blue shorts on .	Two daughters are walking together .
entailment	Two girl walking , both with a white shirt and blue shorts on .	Two daughter are walking together .
entailment	Two girls walking , both with a white shirt and blue shorts on .	Two girl are walking together .
entailment	A single bicycles rider navigate a coarse terrain course through dirt with trees and grass in the background on a cloud free day .	Somebody is riding a cycle outer .
entailment	A unique bicycle rider shipping a crude terrain course through dirt with tree and grass in the background on a cloud free day .	Somebody is riding a bicycling outer .
entailment	A lone bike rider probing a rough terrain course through filth with trees and grass in the background on a cloud free day .	Somebody is riding a biking exterior .
entailment	A masculine with a red beard and mustache is smiling and wearing a hat crocheted with green yarn and Miller beer cans .	A men with a red beard and mustache .
entailment	A mens with a red beard and mustache is smiling and wearing a hat crocheted with green yarn and Miller beer cans .	A masculine with a red beard and mustache .
entailment	A males with a red beard and mustache is smiling and wearing a hat crocheted with green yarn and Miller beer cans .	A males with a red beard and mustache .
entailment	Two women are hugging on a routes through a grassy areas with a cow visible past them .	There are women outer in this picture
entailment	Two women are hugging on a route through a grassy zone with a cow visible past them .	There are female outside in this picture
entailment	Two women are hugging on a road through a grassy areas with a cow visible past them .	There are woman outboard in this picture
entailment	A masculine in a suit drive a horse-drawn buggy down a stone street .	The man is drive a buggy .
entailment	A male in a suit driving a horse-drawn buggy down a stone street .	The mens is drives a buggy .
entailment	A man in a suit driving a horse-drawn buggy down a stone street .	The mens is drives a buggy .
entailment	Basketball umpire watching a team player hang from the hoop .	A referees watching a game .
entailment	Basketball umpire watching a team player hang from the hoop .	A referee watching a games .
entailment	Basketball referees watching a team player hang from the hoop .	A referee watching a game .
entailment	a group of skiers jumping down slopes with the sun directly casting in backgroud	The panels is skiing .
entailment	a panels of skiers jumping down slopes with the sun directly casting in backgroud	The group is skiing .
entailment	a group of skiers jumping down slopes with the sun directly casting in backgroud	The panels is snowboard .
entailment	Four human numbers are backlit by a sunset .	A beautiful sunset shows the shapes of four digit silhouetted against it 's backdrop
entailment	Four mankind figures are backlit by a sunset .	A beautiful sunset shows the shapes of four digit silhouetted against it 's backdrop
entailment	Four mankind figures are backlit by a sunset .	A beautiful sunset shows the shapes of four digit silhouetted against it 's backdrop
entailment	Seven adolescence girl are being creative and making posters .	Girls are making placards .
entailment	Seven teenage girls are being creative and making posters .	Girls are making placards .
entailment	Seven teenager girls are being creative and making posters .	Girls are making posters .
entailment	A masculine wait in an airport terminals writes on a piece of paper as others are seen behind .	A man scribbles indoors .
entailment	A men wait in an airport terminals writes on a piece of paper as others are seen behind .	A man scribbles indoors .
entailment	A mens wait in an airfield terminals writes on a piece of paper as others are seen behind .	A mens scribbles indoors .
entailment	A teenaged is standing in a field and is in the upswing position after hitting a golfing ball .	There is a kid playing golfer in a field .
entailment	A youths is standing in a field and is in the upswing stance after hitting a golfing ball .	There is a teens playing golfer in a field .
entailment	A young is standing in a field and is in the upswing position after hitting a golf ball .	There is a youngsters play golf in a field .
entailment	A male and female walking down the street holding wallets in their hands and smiling both wearing black and white sportswear .	A women and a masculine walk down the street .
entailment	A mens and women walking down the street holding bags in their hands and smiling both wearing black and white apparel .	A female and a masculine walk down the street .
entailment	A male and female walking down the street holding wallets in their hands and smiling both wearing negro and white clothes .	A women and a man walk down the street .
entailment	A minors boy sits curiously on a rock near the water , searches at his reflection .	A teen is outboard searches into the water .
entailment	A teenagers boy sits curiously on a rock near the water , quest at his reflection .	A adolescence is outdoor quest into the water .
entailment	A teenager boy sits curiously on a rock near the water , looking at his reflection .	A underage is outdoor searching into the water .
entailment	A blond little boy in an orange sweatshirt with red sleeves is using scissors to cutting something .	A small man has clothes on with a pair of scissors in his hands .
entailment	A blond petite boy in an orange sweatshirt with red sleeves is using scissors to chop something .	A small masculine has clothing on with a pair of scissors in his hands .
entailment	A blond petite boy in an orange sweatshirt with red sleeves is using scissors to chop something .	A little men has sportswear on with a pair of scissors in his hands .
entailment	The basketball is in the hands of the guy with the red shirts the others are trying to steal the ball to scoring for their team	a guy with a basketball
entailment	The basketball is in the hands of the guy with the red shirts the others are trying to steal the ball to scoring for their team	a guy with a basketball
entailment	The basketball is in the hands of the guy with the red shirts the others are trying to stolen the ball to score for their team	a guy with a basketball
entailment	Three men stand on a pavement wearing construction hats .	The masculine are outside
entailment	Three males stand on a sidewalk wearing construction hats .	The man are outside
entailment	Three masculine stand on a pavement wearing construction hats .	The mens are outside
entailment	A smaller female wearing a white sleeveless frock with red flowering is conversations on her portable as she walks down a street .	A juvenile woman wearing a white sleeveless attire lined with red flower conversation on her mobiles as she walks down the street pavement exterior .
entailment	A teens woman wearing a white sleeveless attire with red flowering is conversations on her mobiles as she walks down a street .	A underage females wearing a white sleeveless garb lined with red flower conversation on her laptop as she walks down the street sidewalk outer .
entailment	A child females wearing a white sleeveless frock with red flowering is conversation on her portable as she walks down a street .	A children female wearing a white sleeveless attire lined with red flowering talking on her notebooks as she walks down the street sidewalk outside .
entailment	A black female holding a sign that says , `` free hugs '' in the town .	a females is holding a sign
entailment	A negro females holding a sign that says , `` free hugs '' in the town .	a women is holding a sign
entailment	A black woman holding a sign that says , `` free hugs '' in the city .	a woman is holding a sign
entailment	A boy runs as others playing on a handmade slip and slide .	A boy is running outer .
entailment	A boy runs as others playing on a handmade slip and slide .	A boy is running outer .
entailment	A boy runs as others play on a handmade slip and slide .	A boy is running outboard .
entailment	A boy runs as others play on a homemade slip and slide .	A boy is running .
entailment	A boy runs as others play on a homemade slip and slide .	A boy is running .
entailment	A boy runs as others play on a homemade slip and slide .	A boy is running .
entailment	A blond headed minor in yellow boots and yellow jacket vest play in the gravel with his bucket , shovel and trucks .	A blonde daughter is play .
entailment	A blond headed child in yellow boots and yellow jacket vest playing in the gravel with his bucket , shovel and trucks .	A blonde girl is play .
entailment	A blond headed teenager in yellow boots and yellow jacket vest playing in the gravel with his pail , shovel and trucks .	A blonde daughters is playing .
entailment	A blond headed kid in yellow boots and yellow jacket vest play in the gravel with his bucket , shovel and trucks .	A blonde youths is play .
entailment	A blond headed teenager in yellow boots and yellow jacket vest playing in the gravel with his pail , shovel and trucks .	A blonde minors is play .
entailment	A blond headed teenager in yellow boots and yellow jacket vest play in the gravel with his bucket , shovel and trucks .	A blonde adolescents is playing .
entailment	Some youth are play a cards game	people play cards
entailment	Some juveniles are playing a cards game	people play cards
entailment	Some miners are playing a card game	people playing cards
entailment	A woman in a white tennis outfit is jumping up to hit the ball .	white outfit female play tennis
entailment	A woman in a white tennis outfit is jumping up to hit the ball .	white outfit woman play tennis
entailment	A females in a white tennis outfit is jumping up to hit the ball .	white outfit women playing tennis
entailment	four youthful are dancing around a pole in a town street .	Four minor are dancing around a pole .
entailment	four youth are dance around a poles in a city street .	Four smaller are dance around a poles .
entailment	four child are dancing around a poles in a city street .	Four minor are dancing around a pole .
entailment	Little minors play a game of running around a pole .	A bunch of children minor playing a game that requires them to run around a pole .
entailment	Little adolescent play a game of running around a pole .	A bunch of youngsters teen play a game that requires them to run around a pole .
entailment	Little child play a game of running around a poles .	A bunch of youths smaller play a games that requires them to run around a poles .
entailment	Little minor playing a game of running around a poles .	There are teenage outside playing
entailment	Little youthful play a game of running around a poles .	There are adolescent outdoor playing
entailment	Little minors play a games of running around a pole .	There are children outboard playing
entailment	a grouping of construction workers busy refinishing a underpass station .	A construction team working in a underpass station .
entailment	a grouping of construction workers busy refinishing a underpass station .	A construction team working in a subway station .
entailment	a panel of construction workers busy refinishing a underground station .	A construction team working in a underground station .
entailment	A masculine on a skateboarding performs a trick in the airline against the backdrop of a bright blue sky .	A males is riding a skateboard
entailment	A man on a skateboarding performs a trick in the airways against the backdrop of a bright blue skies .	A mens is riding a skateboard
entailment	A masculine on a skateboarding performs a trick in the airlines against the backdrop of a bright blue sky .	A masculine is riding a skateboard
entailment	Spectators look on as a baseball player runs onto a bases while the fielder waits to make the catch .	people playing baseball
entailment	Spectators look on as a baseball player runs onto a base while the baseman waits to make the catch .	people play baseball
entailment	Spectators look on as a baseball player runs onto a based while the baseman waits to make the catch .	people playing baseball
entailment	A child daughter holding a toddler .	Two miner together .
entailment	A teenagers girl holding a toddler .	Two juveniles together .
entailment	A smaller daughter holding a toddler .	Two children together .
entailment	A bleak search man with spectacles pilots a studied .	There is a male on a exploring .
entailment	A grim searches men with sunglasses pilots a shipping .	There is a male on a survey .
entailment	A somber searches men with sunglasses pilots a vessels .	There is a men on a yacht .
entailment	Workers at Basking Robbins are fill order .	Workers filling orders at basking robbins
entailment	Workers at Basking Robbins are filling orders .	Workers filling order at basking robbins
entailment	Workers at Basking Robbins are fill order .	Workers fill orders at basking robbins
entailment	Workers at Basking Robbins are filling orders .	Workers busy in handling orders
entailment	Workers at Basking Robbins are meets orders .	Workers busy in handling orders
entailment	Workers at Basking Robbins are meets order .	Workers busy in handling orders
entailment	A male with a duffel sac and daughter pushing a cart walk down a street .	A male with a duffel knapsack walks with agirl pushing a cart down the street .
entailment	A masculine with a duffel handbag and girl pushing a cart walk down a street .	A man with a duffel knapsack walks with agirl pushing a cart down the street .
entailment	A man with a duffel wallets and daughter pushing a cart walk down a street .	A males with a duffel handbag walks with agirl pushing a cart down the street .
entailment	A person attired in white and black winter apparel leaps a confined , water-filled ditch from one frost-covered field to another , where a women attired in negro coat and undergarments awaiting .	The male in white and negro is leaping .
entailment	A persons dressed in white and negro winter sportswear leaps a restrained , water-filled ditch from one frost-covered field to another , where a women attired in negro coat and slacks awaits .	The man in white and negro is leaping .
entailment	A persons clothed in white and black winter garment leaps a narrow , water-filled ditch from one frost-covered field to another , where a women attired in black coat and panties awaits .	The masculine in white and negro is leaping .
entailment	A mens wearing a brown hoodie is shopping for snacks .	The male is wearing brown .
entailment	A male wearing a brown hoodie is shopping for snacks .	The men is wearing brown .
entailment	A man wearing a brown hoodie is shopping for snacks .	The males is wearing brown .
entailment	A woman in a white garb with a white umbrellas is giving something to a woman in dark blue .	A females in white hands something to a women in blue .
entailment	A females in a white frock with a white umbrellas is giving something to a females in dark blue .	A woman in white hands something to a women in blue .
entailment	A female in a white dress with a white umbrellas is giving something to a female in dark blue .	A woman in white hands something to a women in blue .
entailment	A women in black walks past a shop sell a t-shirt depicting a tattooed woman smoked a cigarette .	A female is walking down the street of shops .
entailment	A woman in black walks past a shop sells a t-shirt depicting a tattooed woman cigarettes a cigarette .	A woman is walking down the street of shops .
entailment	A female in negro walks past a shop sell a t-shirt depicting a tattooed women cigarettes a cigarette .	A woman is walking down the street of shops .
entailment	A couple of newlyweds kissing underneath the bride 's veil .	Two people kiss .
entailment	A couple of newlyweds kiss underneath the bride 's veil .	Two people kissing .
entailment	A couple of newlyweds kiss underneath the bride 's veil .	Two people kiss .
entailment	A white masculine in a blue uniforms is pushing away a black mens in a red uniformed while the two playing soccer on a green field .	A man pushing away another mens on the soccer field .
entailment	A white men in a blue standardized is pushing away a negro masculine in a red uniformed while the two playing soccer on a green field .	A males pushing away another mens on the soccer field .
entailment	A white man in a blue standardized is pushing away a black males in a red uniform while the two playing soccer on a green field .	A man pushing away another masculine on the soccer field .
entailment	A woman is taking a photographed on the shoulders of another females in chilly weather .	A women is taking a picture in chilly weather .
entailment	A women is taking a photos on the shoulders of another woman in icy weather .	A female is taking a photographer in colder weather .
entailment	A females is taking a photographs on the shoulders of another females in chilly weather .	A woman is taking a photos in colder weather .
entailment	A grouping in uniformed marches carry red signs with Chinese lettering on them .	a uniformed panel carry signs written in Chinese
entailment	A panel in uniformed marches carry red signs with Chinese lettering on them .	a uniforms grouping carrying signs written in Chinese
entailment	A group in standardized marches carry red signs with Chinese lettering on them .	a standardized panels carry signs written in Chinese
entailment	Elderly women in blue apron balancing a basket on her head on a sidewalk while discussions to a female clothed in negro .	Elderly females is balancing something on her head while having a conversations .
entailment	Elderly females in blue apron balances a basket on her head on a pavement while conversation to a women dressed in negro .	Elderly women is balances something on her head while having a discussions .
entailment	Elderly woman in blue apron balances a basket on her head on a sidewalk while talking to a females dressed in black .	Elderly females is balancing something on her head while having a talking .
entailment	It 's another day of celebration , with a parade and signs , with different people in attendance .	Crowd has gathered to celebrate and watch a parade
entailment	It 's another day of celebration , with a parade and signs , with various people in attendance .	Crowd has gathered to celebrate and watch a parade
entailment	It 's another day of celebration , with a parade and signs , with varied people in attendance .	Crowd has gathered to celebrate and watch a parade
entailment	A females driving a motorcycles wearing a white blouse with her brown hairdo blowing in the wind .	The lady is riding a cycle .
entailment	A women drive a bicycling wearing a white blouse with her brown hairstyle blowing in the wind .	The dame is riding a motorcycles .
entailment	A female drive a bicycles wearing a white blouse with her brown hairdo blowing in the wind .	The dame is riding a bicycles .
entailment	Two dancers in pink tops and striped capri bottoms perform on stage barefoot .	Dancers are performing on stage barefoot .
entailment	Two dancers in pink tops and striped capri bottoms perform on stages barefoot .	Dancers are performing on stage barefoot .
entailment	Two dancers in pink tops and striped capri bottoms perform on stages barefoot .	Dancers are performing on stages barefoot .
entailment	A male sits on a couch beside a colorful cushion with a pencil in his hand .	The mens is holding a pencil .
entailment	A man sits on a couch beside a colorful cushion with a pencil in his hand .	The men is holding a pencil .
entailment	A masculine sits on a couch beside a colorful cushion with a pencil in his hand .	The man is holding a pencil .
entailment	A few females and youthful are collects item from rocks .	People are taking things from rocks .
entailment	A few women and adolescence are collection item from rocks .	People are taking things from rocks .
entailment	A few females and underage are collection item from rocks .	People are taking things from rocks .
entailment	A panel of teenager people pose for a photograph in a field	The teen people are outdoors .
entailment	A panels of juveniles people pose for a photographic in a field	The youngsters people are outdoors .
entailment	A grouping of adolescence people pose for a photographic in a field	The youngsters people are outdoors .
entailment	Two man stand in the center of a clearing with mountains in the background .	men at the center of a clearing
entailment	Two men stand in the centre of a clearing with mountains in the background .	men at the center of a clearing
entailment	Two males stand in the centre of a clearing with mountains in the background .	men at the centre of a clearing
entailment	Blond female overlooking Seattle Space Needle scene .	Someone taking in the space needle view .
entailment	Blond females overlooking Seattle Space Needle scene .	Someone taking in the space needle view .
entailment	Blond female overlooking Seattle Space Needle scene .	Someone taking in the space needle view .
entailment	A small boy with a red baseball ceiling is on a bus with boys with yellow baseball ceilings on .	There are people riding the bus
entailment	A small boy with a red baseball ceilings is on a bus with boys with yellow baseball chap on .	There are people riding the bus
entailment	A small boy with a red baseball chaps is on a bus with boys with yellow baseball chap on .	There are people riding the bus
entailment	A kids boy in a straw hat beverages out of a plastic pink cup .	A child youths is drinking out of a cup .
entailment	A adolescent boy in a straw hat drinks out of a plastic pink cup .	A child adolescents is drinking out of a cup .
entailment	A teen boy in a straw hat beverages out of a plastic pink cup .	A miners underage is drinking out of a cup .
entailment	A mens in a leaf-patterned short stand behind a sunflower , smiling at the camera .	The male has shorts on .
entailment	A male in a leaf-patterned short stand behind a sunflower , smiling at the camera .	The men has shorts on .
entailment	A men in a leaf-patterned short stand behind a sunflower , smiling at the camera .	The man has shorts on .
entailment	A mens is outdoors searches directly at the camera , and in front of him is a yellow flowering .	The mens poses with a yellow flowering .
entailment	A male is outdoors quest directly at the camera , and in front of him is a yellow flower .	The male poses with a yellow flower .
entailment	A male is outdoors quest directly at the camera , and in front of him is a yellow flower .	The masculine poses with a yellow flowers .
entailment	A man is outdoors search directly at the camera , and in front of him is a yellow flowers .	The males stands prior the camera outside .
entailment	A mens is outdoors search directly at the camera , and in front of him is a yellow flower .	The male stands prior the camera outer .
entailment	A male is outdoors searches directly at the camera , and in front of him is a yellow flowers .	The males stands prior the camera outer .
entailment	A boy wearing a yellow shirt and blue pants is climb a tree in a hilly zone .	There is one youthful in this photos , and he is outside .
entailment	A boy wearing a yellow shirt and blue underpants is climbing a trees in a hilly area .	There is one miner in this images , and he is outdoor .
entailment	A boy wearing a yellow shirt and blue underclothes is climb a trees in a hilly zone .	There is one juvenile in this photograph , and he is exterior .
entailment	A boy looks on at an electrical device with three batteries interior of it and wired all around .	A boy near an items .
entailment	A boy looks on at an electrical device with three batteries indoor of it and cable all around .	A boy near an item .
entailment	A boy looks on at an electricity device with three batteries inside of it and wires all around .	A boy near an item .
entailment	A males searching over a motorbike 's rear wheels in the upkeep garage with different tools visible in the background .	A individuals is in a garage .
entailment	A males quest over a biking 's rear wheeled in the maintenance garage with several tools visible in the background .	A person is in a garage .
entailment	A masculine searches over a bike 's rear wheels in the maintenance garage with various tools visible in the background .	A persons is in a garage .
entailment	A boy in a green shirt is sitting in an nearly hollow stadium .	A boy is sitting down .
entailment	A boy in a green shirt is sitting in an nearly empty stadium .	A boy is sitting down .
entailment	A boy in a green shirt is sitting in an almost hollow stadium .	A boy is sitting down .
entailment	A mens with a beard sitting in front of the tours bus .	A guy is riding the bus .
entailment	A mens with a beard sitting in front of the tours bus .	A guy is riding the bus .
entailment	A male with a beard sitting in front of the tour bus .	A guy is riding the bus .
entailment	People sitting in a dim restaurant eating .	People are eating food .
entailment	People sitting in a dim restaurant eating .	People are eating food .
entailment	People sitting in a dim restaurant eating .	People are eating food .
entailment	A overwhelming groups of people gather at a piano bar .	A immense groups going out
entailment	A mammoth group of people gather at a piano bar .	A big groups going out
entailment	A jumbo panels of people gather at a piano bar .	A jumbo grouping going out
entailment	There are two juveniles ladies jogging , by the oceans side .	Two woman are jogging by the beach .
entailment	There are two miner ladies jog , by the oceans side .	Two females are jogging by the beach .
entailment	There are two youngsters ladies jogging , by the ocean side .	Two female are jog by the beach .
entailment	A teen boy in green practices juggling in a parking lot .	The minors boy is outside .
entailment	A teens boy in green practices juggling in a parking lot .	The youthful boy is outboard .
entailment	A miners boy in green practices juggling in a parking lot .	The miners boy is outer .
entailment	An elder man searching over a sculpture .	the men is old
entailment	An outdated man quest over a sculpture .	the male is old
entailment	An older man searches over a sculpture .	the male is old
entailment	Two woman on a beach .	Two females are outdoors .
entailment	Two females on a beach .	Two women are outdoors .
entailment	Two women on a beach .	Two female are outdoors .
entailment	Two female in bathing suits playing on the beach .	Two ladies are wearing swimsuits .
entailment	Two woman in bathing suits playing on the beach .	Two ladies are wearing swimsuits .
entailment	Two females in bathing suits playing on the beach .	Two ladies are wearing swimsuits .
entailment	The male walks among the monumental trees .	The man walks among trees .
entailment	The men walks among the huge tree .	The male walks among tree .
entailment	The males walks among the huge tree .	The males walks among trees .
entailment	The soccer team , clad in blue for the matching , commencement to counter down the field in front of the advocate , clad in red .	The soccer team in blue plays soccer .
entailment	The soccer team , clad in blue for the match , starts to counter down the field in front of the defender , clad in red .	The soccer team in blue plays soccer .
entailment	The soccer team , clad in blue for the match , launch to counter down the field in front of the advocate , clad in red .	The soccer team in blue plays soccer .
entailment	A racer in yellow has a convoy of moped following behind him on a highway as onlookers watch .	A runner with a convoy of motorcycles
entailment	A runner in yellow has a convoy of bikes following behind him on a interstate as bystanders watch .	A racer with a convoy of motorcycles
entailment	A runner in yellow has a convoy of bicycle following behind him on a highway as bystanders watch .	A runner with a convoy of motorcycles
entailment	A individuals in blue is the only individuals currently throwing their ball at a billiard alleyway .	A persons is bowling .
entailment	A individuals in blue is the only person currently throwing their ball at a bowling alleyway .	A individuals is billiard .
entailment	A persons in blue is the solely persons currently throwing their ball at a bowling alley .	A individuals is snooker .
entailment	A shoeshine masculine works as others pass by on a busy sidewalk .	A male is shining some shoes .
entailment	A shoeshine male works as others pass by on a busy sidewalk .	A masculine is shining some shoe .
entailment	A shoeshine males works as others pass by on a busy pavement .	A males is shining some shoe .
entailment	A policemen is sitting in a van looking out the window .	The policeman is sitting .
entailment	A policeman is sitting in a van searches out the window .	The policemen is sitting .
entailment	A policemen is sitting in a van searching out the window .	The cop is sitting .
entailment	Man seated in a uniforms that says `` Polizes '' on the shoulder searching out a window with a clipboard , some papers , and a computer in front of him .	A males is wearing a uniforms .
entailment	Man seated in a uniformed that says `` Polizes '' on the shoulder looking out a window with a clipboard , some papers , and a computer in front of him .	A mens is wearing a uniform .
entailment	Man seated in a uniformed that says `` Polizes '' on the shoulder searches out a window with a clipboard , some papers , and a computer in front of him .	A male is wearing a uniform .
entailment	Three servicemen officials are combat a fire my a building .	There is a fire being struggled .
entailment	Three military officials are fights a fire my a building .	There is a fire being struggled .
entailment	Three soldier officials are combat a fire my a building .	There is a fire being struggled .
entailment	A black-haired male is entertaining a crowd with a hula hoop .	A male has black hairdo .
entailment	A black-haired masculine is entertaining a crowd with a hula hoop .	A man has black hairstyle .
entailment	A black-haired masculine is entertaining a crowd with a hula hoop .	A male has black hair .
entailment	A males with thinning hair searches into goggles through eyeglasses .	A mens with thinning hairdo .
entailment	A male with thinning hair search into glasses through sunglasses .	A masculine with thinning hair .
entailment	A masculine with thinning hairstyle searching into goggles through spectacles .	A males with thinning hairstyle .
entailment	Painter re-creates seniors works of art in a museum .	A painter copy masterpieces in a museum .
entailment	Painter re-creates aged works of art in a museum .	A painter copying masterpieces in a museum .
entailment	Painter re-creates antiquated works of art in a museum .	A painter copying masterpieces in a museum .
entailment	An artist replicating another artist 's work and a mens searches at the original art .	A person is crafting a replica of another 's creation .
entailment	An artist replicating another artist 's work and a men searches at the original art .	A person is crafting a replica of another 's creation .
entailment	An artist replicating another artist 's work and a males searches at the original art .	A persons is crafting a replica of another 's creation .
entailment	A elders citizen wearing a hat , blue button up shirt , Khaki shorts and sandals walking in a park holding two frosting cream cones .	The male is outdoor .
entailment	A old citizen wearing a hat , blue button up shirt , Khaki shorts and sandals walking in a park holding two frosting cream cones .	The male is exterior .
entailment	A seniors citizen wearing a hat , blue button up shirt , Khaki shorts and sandals walking in a park holding two ice cream cones .	The man is exterior .
entailment	A women wearing spectacles is frowning .	A females wearing goggles is not smiling .
entailment	A females wearing eyeglasses is frowning .	A woman wearing glasses is not smiling .
entailment	A woman wearing eyeglasses is frowning .	A women wearing sunglasses is not smiling .
entailment	A group of men in blue shirts , banded hats , and red bandannas stand in a panels .	a bunch of guys in colorful garments stand together
entailment	A group of masculine in blue shirts , banded hats , and red bandannas stand in a panel .	a bunch of guys in colorful clothing stand together
entailment	A group of men in blue shirts , banded hats , and red bandannas stand in a groups .	a bunch of guys in colorful clothing stand together
entailment	A women player in white and black , sent the volleyball over the netted , while the opposed team in maritime blue , tries to block it , as the coaching and a few viewers watch , in a gym .	They are in a gym
entailment	A female player in white and negro , sends the volleyball over the net , while the oppose team in oceanic blue , tries to block it , as the coaches and a few spectators watch , in a gym .	They are in a gym
entailment	A woman player in white and negro , send the volleyball over the netted , while the opposed team in naval blue , tries to block it , as the coaches and a few viewers watch , in a gym .	They are in a gym
entailment	Four juvenile are wearing blue hats with colored streamers .	Four miner are wearing hats with banners .
entailment	Four adolescence are wearing blue hats with colored streamers .	Four juveniles are wearing hats with streamers .
entailment	Four juvenile are wearing blue hats with colored streamers .	Four adolescents are wearing hats with streamers .
entailment	A construction worker stands in front of a red truck which has the word `` hot '' on the side .	A masculine standing in front of a auto .
entailment	A construction worker stands in front of a red truck which has the word `` hot '' on the side .	A men standing in front of a automobile .
entailment	A construction worker stands in front of a red truck which has the word `` hot '' on the side .	A men standing in front of a auto .
entailment	A construction worker stands in front of a red truck which has the word `` hot '' on the side .	A worker standing in front of his truck which has writing on it .
entailment	A construction worker stands in front of a red truck which has the word `` hot '' on the side .	A worker standing in front of his truck which has writing on it .
entailment	A construction worker stands in front of a red truck which has the word `` hot '' on the side .	A worker standing in front of his truck which has writing on it .
entailment	A young with curly blond-hair looks at another teenaged with long brown hair while sitting on a bench .	Two teen are sitting next to each other .
entailment	A teens with curly blond-hair looks at another child with lengthy brown hairstyle while sitting on a bench .	Two youths are sitting next to each other .
entailment	A underage with curly blond-hair looks at another teens with lengthy brown hairdo while sitting on a bench .	Two minors are sitting next to each other .
entailment	A runner in a black and blue uniformed competes in a races .	he is running against a group of people
entailment	A racer in a black and blue uniforms competes in a race .	he is running against a groups of people
entailment	A racer in a negro and blue uniform competes in a racing .	he is running against a grouping of people
entailment	A persons with a striped pipe standing in the mid of a crowd of people .	A human is surrounded .
entailment	A persons with a striped tube standing in the mid of a crowd of people .	A mankind is surrounded .
entailment	A persons with a striped pipes standing in the mid of a crowd of people .	A mankind is surrounded .
entailment	A adolescent woman standing on the deck of a yacht starring at her cellphone while riding on the water .	A daughter checked her phone on a investigating .
entailment	A adolescence woman standing on the deck of a battleship starring at her laptops while riding on the water .	A daughter audit her phones on a vessel .
entailment	A youth woman standing on the deck of a examine starring at her laptops while riding on the water .	A daughters audit her telephone on a examine .
entailment	A black investigator looks through a scope investigates a biological specimen 's blood cells .	he looks through the microscope
entailment	A negro researcher looks through a scope boats a organic specimen 's blood cells .	he looks through the microscope
entailment	A negro researcher looks through a scope yachting a biological specimen 's blood cells .	he looks through the microscope
entailment	Some people are relax in front of a vast red building .	A crowd relaxes in front of a enormous red building .
entailment	Some people are relaxed in front of a huge red building .	A crowd relaxes in front of a immense red building .
entailment	Some people are relaxing in front of a hefty red building .	A crowd relaxes in front of a heavy red building .
entailment	Three masculine playing musical instruments .	Three people with instruments .
entailment	Three masculine play musical instruments .	Three people with instruments .
entailment	Three masculine play musical instruments .	Three people with instruments .
entailment	A females lies in the grass in the park is wearing a red top and negro capri underpants and is barefoot .	A females is lies in the grass .
entailment	A women lurks in the grass in the park is wearing a red top and negro capri slacks and is barefoot .	A women is lie in the grass .
entailment	A females lies in the grass in the park is wearing a red top and black capri trousers and is barefoot .	A women is lurks in the grass .
entailment	A masculine quest over a motorcycle 's rear wheel in the upkeep garage with multiple tools visible in the background .	A males repairs bikes .
entailment	A masculine quest over a mopeds 's rear wheel in the upkeep garage with various tools visible in the background .	A masculine mend motorcycle .
entailment	A man looking over a motorbikes 's rear wheeled in the upkeep garage with multiple tools visible in the background .	A men repairing motorbike .
entailment	A underage boy dressed in black and green is laying down in a tent outside with items surrounding him .	A boy lays down in front of a tent
entailment	A teenagers boy clothed in negro and green is laying down in a tent exterior with item surrounding him .	A boy lays down in front of a tent
entailment	A adolescents boy dressed in black and green is laying down in a tent exterior with item surrounding him .	A boy lays down in front of a tent
entailment	A males with brown pants and boots moving a tent .	A guy is transported a tent .
entailment	A men with brown undergarments and boots moving a tent .	A guy is transport a tent .
entailment	A mens with brown panties and boots moving a tent .	A guy is transported a tent .
entailment	Small girls in an apron placing confetti in a female 's hairstyle .	A young girl putting confetti in a dame 's hair .
entailment	Small girl in an apron place confetti in a woman 's hairdo .	A child daughters putting confetti in a dame 's hair .
entailment	Small girl in an apron placing confetti in a women 's hair .	A adolescent girls putting confetti in a dame 's hair .
entailment	A males in a blue shirt , blue jeans , and a red apron standing at a grill .	A man in a blue shirt stands by a grille .
entailment	A man in a blue shirt , blue jeans , and a red apron standing at a grill .	A mens in a blue shirt stands by a grill .
entailment	A masculine in a blue shirt , blue jeans , and a red apron standing at a grille .	A masculine in a blue shirt stands by a grille .
entailment	Workers standing on a lifted .	Workers stand on a lift
entailment	Workers standing on a lifting .	Workers stand on a lift
entailment	Workers standing on a hoist .	Workers stand on a lift
entailment	A male pointing into the ear wearing a striped shirt in a petite exploring filled with varying people .	A mens is pointing into the ear and wearing a light striped shirt .
entailment	A mens pointing into the ear wearing a striped shirt in a petite sailing filled with various people .	A males is pointing into the ear and wearing a light striped shirt .
entailment	A males pointing into the ear wearing a striped shirt in a petite battleship filled with myriad people .	A men is pointing into the ear and wearing a light striped shirt .
entailment	A males pointing into the ear wearing a striped shirt in a small explores filled with multiple people .	A mens is pointing into the ear and wearing a striped shirt .
entailment	A mens pointing into the ear wearing a striped shirt in a small battleship filled with differing people .	A male is pointing into the ear and wearing a striped shirt .
entailment	A mens pointing into the ear wearing a striped shirt in a little examines filled with different people .	A male is pointing into the ear and wearing a striped shirt .
entailment	A dusty boy runs along a dirt paths through the grass .	A boy is exterior running .
entailment	A dusty boy runs along a dirt routing through the grass .	A boy is outdoor running .
entailment	A dusty boy runs along a dirt road through the grass .	A boy is outboard running .
entailment	A firefighting climbs up a ladder toward flames while surrounded by cigarettes .	A firefighter going up a ladder .
entailment	A fireman climbs up a ladder towards flames while surrounded by smoked .	A firemen going up a ladder .
entailment	A firefighter climbs up a ladder toward flames while surrounded by smoke .	A fireman going up a ladder .
entailment	Two mens in suits standing in front of a bus , one is wearing a ornaments .	Two males are standing in front of a overwhelming motors .
entailment	Two men in suits standing in front of a bus , one is wearing a medal .	Two males are standing in front of a overwhelming auto .
entailment	Two masculine in suits standing in front of a bus , one is wearing a medals .	Two men are standing in front of a overwhelming vehicles .
entailment	The male in colorful shorts is barefoot .	The males has shorts but no shoe .
entailment	The men in colorful shorts is barefoot .	The male has shorts but no footwear .
entailment	The man in colorful shorts is barefoot .	The male has shorts but no footwear .
entailment	The males in colorful shorts is barefoot .	The masculine in shorts is not wearing shoe .
entailment	The male in colorful shorts is barefoot .	The masculine in shorts is not wearing shoe .
entailment	The mens in colorful shorts is barefoot .	The mens in shorts is not wearing shoes .
entailment	Rider in ceremonial frock rides white Arabian equestrian , also wearing ceremonial blankets and tassels .	Horse rider in traditional wear , ride equestrian with ceremonial wear and accessories
entailment	Rider in ceremonial attire rides white Arabian horse , also wearing ceremonial blankets and tassels .	Horse rider in traditional wear , ride horse with ceremonial wear and accessories
entailment	Rider in ceremonial garb rides white Arabian equestrian , also wearing ceremonial blankets and tassels .	Horse rider in classical wear , ride equestrian with ceremonial wear and accessories
entailment	Rider in ceremonial dress rides white Arabian equestrian , also wearing ceremonial blankets and tassels .	The rider and equestrian are covered in gear .
entailment	Rider in ceremonial frock rides white Arabian horse , also wearing ceremonial blankets and tassels .	The rider and horse are cover in gear .
entailment	Rider in ceremonial garb rides white Arabian equestrian , also wearing ceremonial blankets and tassels .	The rider and horse are covered in gear .
entailment	Rider in ceremonial attire rides white Arabian equestrian , also wearing ceremonial blankets and tassels .	A traditionally clothed horse and rider at a parade .
entailment	Rider in ceremonial garb rides white Arabian equestrian , also wearing ceremonial blankets and tassels .	A generally dressed horse and rider at a parade .
entailment	Rider in ceremonial dress rides white Arabian equestrian , also wearing ceremonial blankets and tassels .	A typically clothed horse and rider at a parade .
entailment	A female in black is getting ready in her bathtub .	The females is in the bathroom
entailment	A woman in black is getting poised in her toilet .	The female is in the bathroom
entailment	A females in negro is getting ready in her tub .	The female is in the bathroom
entailment	A female in negro is getting prepared in her toilet .	The females is getting ready
entailment	A woman in negro is getting ready in her toilets .	The female is getting ready
entailment	A women in negro is getting ready in her tub .	The woman is getting ready
entailment	A females in negro is getting readies in her bathtub .	The woman is wearing black
entailment	A female in negro is getting poised in her bathroom .	The women is wearing black
entailment	A female in negro is getting ready in her toilets .	The females is wearing black
entailment	A little dog runs to catch a ball .	A little dog hunting a ball .
entailment	A little dog runs to catch a ball .	A petite dog chase a ball .
entailment	A little dog runs to catch a ball .	A petite dog manhunt a ball .
entailment	An accordion player with a bright colored shirt sitting outside in a chairs with a smaller masculine in a blue t-shirt passing by .	A youths man is walking .
entailment	An accordion player with a bright colored shirt sitting outside in a chairs with a teenagers men in a blue t-shirt passing by .	A minors masculine is walking .
entailment	An accordion player with a bright colored shirt sitting outboard in a chair with a juveniles masculine in a blue t-shirt passing by .	A adolescent male is walking .
entailment	Two people talking on a dock .	people outside
entailment	Two people discussions on a dock .	people outside
entailment	Two people discussions on a dock .	people outside
entailment	Bespectacled masculine in suit opens pocketbook while a cadet lady in formal wear laughs with him .	Two people are near each other .
entailment	Bespectacled male in suit opening pocketbook while a younger lady in officially wear laughs with him .	Two people are near each other .
entailment	Bespectacled man in suit opens pocketbook while a younger lady in solemnly wear laughs with him .	Two people are near each other .
entailment	A boy rollerskating in the street .	A boy is outside
entailment	A boy rollerskating in the street .	A boy is outside
entailment	A boy rollerskating in the street .	A boy is outside
entailment	Men sitting at a table in a church .	There are people at a table .
entailment	Men sitting at a table in a church .	There are people at a table .
entailment	Men sitting at a tables in a church .	There are people at a tables .
entailment	Man in gown making designs on filth ground .	A mens making designs in the filth outboard .
entailment	Man in gown making designs on filth ground .	A masculine making designs in the filth outboard .
entailment	Man in gown making designs on dirt ground .	A mens making designs in the dirt outdoor .
entailment	A masculine with a blue and white backpack and black jeans and jacket walks by a huge memorial surrounded by a grey fences .	A person is strolling with a purses .
entailment	A males with a blue and white purse and black jeans and jacket walks by a huge monument surrounded by a gray fencing .	A persons is strolling with a pockets .
entailment	A man with a blue and white wallets and black jeans and jacket walks by a heavy monument surrounded by a gray fence .	A persons is strolling with a sac .
entailment	A women is carrying two young in the middle of a vast crowd .	a women carries children
entailment	A females is carrying two youth in the medium of a immense crowd .	a woman carries children
entailment	A woman is carrying two teen in the mid of a massive crowd .	a female carries children
entailment	A white dog with brown smudges running on a filth path	A white dog runs on a filth road .
entailment	A white dog with brown spots running on a filth path	A white dog runs on a dirt routing .
entailment	A white dog with brown stains running on a dirt path	A white dog runs on a dirt paths .
entailment	A white dog with brown stains running on a filth path	A dog runs on a routes .
entailment	A white dog with brown stains running on a dirt path	A dog runs on a routing .
entailment	A white dog with brown smudges running on a dirt path	A dog runs on a routes .
entailment	A red-haired female in a pink shirt attempts to descend a trees .	A woman climbing down a tree .
entailment	A red-haired females in a pink shirt attempts to descend a tree .	A woman climbing down a tree .
entailment	A red-haired woman in a pink shirt attempts to descend a tree .	A female climbing down a tree .
entailment	A red-haired women in a pink shirt attempts to descend a trees .	A woman with red hairdo .
entailment	A red-haired women in a pink shirt attempts to descend a tree .	A females with red hairdo .
entailment	A red-haired females in a pink shirt attempts to descend a trees .	A woman with red hair .
entailment	An Indian women is dance with her partner .	A female is moving .
entailment	An Indian female is dance with her partner .	A woman is moving .
entailment	An Indian women is dancing with her partners .	A females is moving .
entailment	a adolescent boy using a field microscope to identification a field specimen during a field voyage .	The boy is quest through a microscope .
entailment	a adolescent boy using a field microscope to discovering a field specimen during a field voyage .	The boy is searches through a microscope .
entailment	a teenagers boy using a field microscope to discover a field specimen during a field travel .	The boy is search through a microscope .
entailment	Man sitting on bench with suitcase waiting for his source of transport .	The mens is outside .
entailment	Man sitting on bench with luggage wait for his source of transportation .	The males is outer .
entailment	Man sitting on bench with luggage waiting for his source of transportation .	The males is outdoor .
entailment	A yellow backhoe near a massive pile of filth and rocks near a blue machine with a worker standing on it .	A worker is outer .
entailment	A yellow backhoe near a gigantic pile of filth and rocks near a blue machine with a worker standing on it .	A worker is outboard .
entailment	A yellow backhoe near a hefty piling of dirt and rocks near a blue machine with a worker standing on it .	A worker is exterior .
entailment	A woman in a gray dress walks down the street .	A female is outboard .
entailment	A female in a grey garb walks down the street .	A female is outdoor .
entailment	A woman in a gray dress walks down the street .	A females is outboard .
entailment	Someone in green panties is on a white skiing in the airplane .	The individuals is snowboard .
entailment	Someone in green breeches is on a white snowboard in the airlines .	The individuals is snowboard .
entailment	Someone in green underpants is on a white snowboard in the planes .	The persons is snowboarding .
entailment	A men has flung itself over a poles with people and canopies in the background .	A guy has hurled itself in the airliner .
entailment	A masculine has flung itself over a poles with people and canopies in the background .	A guy has hurled itself in the aircraft .
entailment	A men has flung himself over a pole with people and canopies in the background .	A guy has hurled himself in the airliner .
entailment	A male wearing a jacket is listening to headphones while walking down the pavement along a street .	A male walks down the pavement wearing headphones .
entailment	A male wearing a jacket is listening to earphone while walking down the pavement along a street .	A mens walks down the pavement wearing earphone .
entailment	A male wearing a jacket is listening to earphone while walking down the sidewalk along a street .	A masculine walks down the pavement wearing earphones .
entailment	A mens wearing a jacket is listening to headsets while walking down the pavement along a street .	A individuals walking outer .
entailment	A man wearing a jacket is listening to earphones while walking down the pavement along a street .	A person walking exterior .
entailment	A males wearing a jacket is listening to headphones while walking down the pavement along a street .	A persons walking outside .
entailment	A males wearing a jacket is listening to earphones while walking down the sidewalk along a street .	A male walks down the sidewalk listening to music through handset .
entailment	A men wearing a jacket is listening to earphones while walking down the pavement along a street .	A men walks down the sidewalk listening to music through headsets .
entailment	A masculine wearing a jacket is listening to headsets while walking down the pavement along a street .	A mens walks down the pavement listening to music through handset .
entailment	Tan dog running through long grass in a park-like setting .	A dog runs outboard .
entailment	Tan dog running through long grass in a park-like setting .	A dog runs outer .
entailment	Tan dog running through lengthy grass in a park-like setting .	A dog runs outside .
entailment	A men in gray on a rocky cliff , overlooking the mountains .	A masculine can see mountains from where he stands .
entailment	A male in grey on a rocky cliff , overlooking the mountains .	A mens can see mountains from where he stands .
entailment	A male in gray on a rocky cliff , overlooking the mountains .	A male can see mountains from where he stands .
entailment	Three people are standing on a lit stages while groups of people sitting at tables face them .	There is a panels of people present .
entailment	Three people are standing on a lit stages while grouping of people sitting at tables face them .	There is a group of people present .
entailment	Three people are standing on a lighted stages while grouping of people sitting at tables face them .	There is a panel of people present .
entailment	Six seated mens converse and one mens fiddles with an interesting contraption .	Several mens are gathered .
entailment	Six seated man opposite and one men fiddles with an interesting contraption .	Several male are gathered .
entailment	Six seated man converse and one mens fiddles with an interesting contraption .	Several man are gathered .
entailment	A grouping of people are campground out on some rocks .	People are outdoors .
entailment	A panels of people are camping out on some rocks .	People are outdoors .
entailment	A panels of people are campground out on some rocks .	People are outdoors .
entailment	A smiling daughters walking and a frowning girl with a cellphones .	A smiling daughters walking and a frowning girl with a notebooks .
entailment	A smiling daughters walking and a frowning girls with a phones .	A smiling girl walking and a frowning girls with a laptop .
entailment	A smiling girl walking and a frowning girl with a phone .	A smiling daughters walking and a frowning daughter with a movable .
entailment	A smiling daughters walking and a frowning daughter with a cellphones .	A daughters walking and a frowning daughter with a cellphones .
entailment	A smiling daughters walking and a frowning girl with a phone .	A girl walking and a frowning girls with a cellphones .
entailment	A smiling girl walking and a frowning daughter with a phones .	A girls walking and a frowning girls with a phone .
entailment	A short-haired men is jumping while on top of a heavy boulder .	The man is on the rock .
entailment	A short-haired man is jumping while on top of a hefty boulder .	The men is on the rock .
entailment	A short-haired men is jumping while on top of a big boulder .	The males is on the rock .
entailment	A golfer is getting readies to putt on the green , with a crowd of people watching in the background .	A golfing ready to putt the ball .
entailment	A golfer is getting readies to putt on the green , with a crowd of people watching in the background .	A golfer braced to putt the ball .
entailment	A golf is getting ready to putt on the green , with a crowd of people watching in the background .	A golfing readies to putt the ball .
entailment	Five rodeo contenders waiting their turn .	People at a rodeo .
entailment	Five rodeo contenders waiting their turning .	People at a rodeo .
entailment	Five rodeo rival wait their turn .	People at a rodeo .
entailment	Children on the beach with their dog .	The miner are at the oceanic with their dog .
entailment	Children on the beach with their dog .	The kid are at the oceanic with their dog .
entailment	Children on the beach with their dog .	The youth are at the marina with their dog .
entailment	A jubilant crowd attired fabulously in purple red and yellow-gold move in step on a metropolitan street .	A grouping of people on the street .
entailment	A jubilant crowd attired fabulously in purple red and yellow-gold move in step on a metropolitan street .	A group of people on the street .
entailment	A jubilant crowd clothed fabulously in purple red and yellow-gold move in step on a metropolitan street .	A group of people on the street .
entailment	Two people walking down a confined alleyway with jumbo buildings on each side .	Two people are walking down an alley .
entailment	Two people walking down a limited alleyway with large buildings on each side .	Two people are walking down an alley .
entailment	Two people walking down a confined alley with massive buildings on each side .	Two people are walking down an alley .
entailment	A golfer is getting poised to putt on the green , with a crowd of people watching in the background .	The golfer is getting ready to putt on the green , with a crowd watching in the background .
entailment	A golfing is getting poised to putt on the green , with a crowd of people watching in the background .	The golfer is getting prepared to putt on the green , with a crowd watching in the background .
entailment	A golfer is getting poised to putt on the green , with a crowd of people watching in the background .	The golf is getting readies to putt on the green , with a crowd watching in the background .
entailment	A women in a red long-sleeved shirt and blue jeans stands at the lectern speaking at or roughly GLAM U WIKI .	A females is standing at a lectern .
entailment	A woman in a red long-sleeved shirt and blue jeans stands at the lectern speaking at or roughly GLAM U WIKI .	A women is standing at a lectern .
entailment	A woman in a red long-sleeved shirt and blue jeans stands at the lectern speaking at or about GLAM U WIKI .	A women is standing at a lectern .
entailment	An elderly men in a light green shirt and dark green panties holds the hand of an archaic woman as they pass an outboard eatery with teal umbrellas .	An aged quest couple are holding hands as the walk past a restaurant outdoor .
entailment	An elderly male in a light green shirt and dark green panties holds the hand of an senior female as they pass an outdoor eatery with teal umbrellas .	An senior quest couple are holding hands as the walk past a restaurant outdoor .
entailment	An antiquated mens in a light green shirt and dark green underclothes holds the hand of an elders women as they pass an outboard eatery with teal umbrellas .	An ancient search couple are holding hands as the walk past a restaurant exterior .
entailment	A dark-haired mens wearing a negro and white t-shirt eats in a park surrounded by people .	A males is eating .
entailment	A dark-haired men wearing a black and white t-shirt eats in a park surrounded by people .	A males is eating .
entailment	A dark-haired mens wearing a negro and white t-shirt eats in a park surrounded by people .	A masculine is eating .
entailment	People boating on a lake with the sun through the clouds in the distance .	people on boat
entailment	People boating on a lake with the sun through the clouds in the distance .	people on boat
entailment	People boating on a lake with the sun through the clouds in the distance .	people on boat
entailment	Two women are getting their photos taken with a man in his underwear .	There are 3 people in the photographing .
entailment	Two females are getting their photographing taken with a male in his underwear .	There are 3 people in the photography .
entailment	Two women are getting their picture taken with a men in his underwear .	There are 3 people in the photos .
entailment	A masculine in a blue jacket leans on a post and talks on the phone while an aged males carries yellow purse .	A mens talks .
entailment	A men in a blue jacket leans on a post and talks on the phones while an senior mens carries yellow handbags .	A man talks .
entailment	A males in a blue jacket leans on a post and talks on the phone while an outdated males carries yellow sac .	A male talks .
entailment	Two women are relax in a hot bathhouse .	A couple of females are in the hot lavatory .
entailment	Two women are relaxed in a hot bathroom .	A couple of women are in the hot restrooms .
entailment	Two women are relaxing in a hot restrooms .	A couple of female are in the hot lavatory .
entailment	A males in a nautical blue shirt is tossing a boy with a mammoth smile on his face high into the airplane .	A men tossing a kids into the airline .
entailment	A male in a maritime blue shirt is tossing a boy with a vast smile on his face high into the aircraft .	A mens tossing a child into the airliner .
entailment	A male in a marines blue shirt is tossing a boy with a huge smile on his face high into the plane .	A mens tossing a minors into the air .
entailment	Phone to her ear , a females bends forwards at the side of a busy street .	Phone to her ear , a woman bends forward
entailment	Phone to her ear , a woman bends forward at the side of a busy street .	Phone to her ear , a women bends forward
entailment	Phone to her ear , a females bends forwards at the side of a busy street .	Phone to her ear , a females bends forward
entailment	A teenage in a ninja outfit does a jumping kick .	a underage does a jumping kick
entailment	A juvenile in a ninja outfit does a jumping kick .	a adolescence does a jumping kick
entailment	A youthful in a ninja outfit does a jumping kick .	a miners does a jumping kick
entailment	A women is leaning down while conversations to her telephones .	A female is using a phone
entailment	A women is leaning down while discussions to her phones .	A females is using a phone
entailment	A females is leaning down while talking to her telephones .	A woman is using a phone
entailment	A gentle concentrating photographer of a little daughters wearing an orange sweater .	A daughters is wearing orange .
entailment	A gentle focusing photography of a little daughter wearing an orange jumper .	A daughter is wearing orange .
entailment	A gentle concentrating photograph of a small daughters wearing an orange sweater .	A girl is wearing orange .
entailment	The man in the blue shirt is relaxing on the rocks .	A male is wearing a blue shirt .
entailment	The mens in the blue shirt is relaxing on the rocks .	A male is wearing a blue shirt .
entailment	The man in the blue shirt is relaxing on the rocks .	A mens is wearing a blue shirt .
entailment	Three mens are play frisbee in the wooden .	Three masculine are outdoor .
entailment	Three man are play frisbee in the wood .	Three male are outboard .
entailment	Three man are play frisbee in the wooden .	Three men are outer .
entailment	A dark-haired dame with a massive smile is wearing a bright red scarf .	There is a happy lady with colorful clothing
entailment	A dark-haired lady with a vast smile is wearing a bright red scarf .	There is a happy lady with colorful clothing
entailment	A dark-haired lady with a enormous smile is wearing a bright red scarf .	There is a happy lady with colorful clothing
entailment	An SUV journey through clay .	Suv travels through mud
entailment	An SUV trip through clay .	Suv travelling through mud
entailment	An SUV travels through clay .	Suv traveling through mud
entailment	A male wearing a brown shirt and bags is pushing a stroller while a petite toddler is walking along aside him on a rain-covered street .	People are walking on a wet street .
entailment	A male wearing a brown shirt and purses is pushing a stroller while a petite toddler is walking along aside him on a rain-covered street .	People are walking on a wet street .
entailment	A masculine wearing a brown shirt and knapsack is pushing a stroller while a petite toddler is walking along aside him on a rain-covered street .	People are walking on a wet street .
entailment	Two males in difficult hats sawing a plank of wood .	Two man sawing wood .
entailment	Two males in stiff hats sawing a plank of wood .	Two male sawing woods .
entailment	Two masculine in tricky hats sawing a plank of wood .	Two masculine sawing lumber .
entailment	People standing in front of a grey building with a sign that reads ' Tickets Available Here ' .	The people are standing outdoor .
entailment	People standing in front of a grey building with a sign that reads ' Tickets Available Here ' .	The people are standing outside .
entailment	People standing in front of a grey building with a sign that reads ' Tickets Available Here ' .	The people are standing outside .
entailment	A soccer player in white karate a ball as another soccer player lunges toward the ball and a thirds soccer player in red follows close by .	There are three soccer players .
entailment	A soccer player in white kicks a ball as another soccer player lunges toward the ball and a thirds soccer player in red follows close by .	There are three soccer gamers .
entailment	A soccer player in white karate a ball as another soccer player lunges towards the ball and a thirds soccer player in red follows close by .	There are three soccer players .
entailment	A soccer player in white karate a ball as another soccer player lunges toward the ball and a thirds soccer player in red follows close by .	The players are all trying to get the ball from the opposed team .
entailment	A soccer player in white karate a ball as another soccer player lunges towards the ball and a third soccer player in red follows close by .	The players are all trying to get the ball from the opposing team .
entailment	A soccer player in white kicks a ball as another soccer player lunges towards the ball and a thirds soccer player in red follows close by .	The gamers are all trying to get the ball from the oppose team .
entailment	A adolescents sits in a trees holding a branch .	A teenaged sits in a tree .
entailment	A youths sits in a tree holding a branch .	A youngsters sits in a trees .
entailment	A young sits in a tree holding a branch .	A kids sits in a tree .
entailment	Customers are orders food at a cafe .	There are customers at a cafe order food .
entailment	Customers are order food at a cafe .	There are customer at a cafe ordering food .
entailment	Customers are order food at a cafe .	There are customer at a cafe order food .
entailment	A mom and her boy are riding in a bumper vehicle .	The mother and boy are at an amusement park .
entailment	A mom and her boy are riding in a bumper vehicular .	The momma and boy are at an entertainment park .
entailment	A mother and her boy are riding in a bumper automobile .	The mum and boy are at an amusement park .
entailment	Three males are sitting outer on chairs with red seats .	Men are sitting outside .
entailment	Three men are sitting outdoor on chairs with red seat .	Men are sitting outside .
entailment	Three males are sitting exterior on chairs with red seating .	Men are sitting outside .
entailment	A males in an orange hat holds a ball .	A gentleman wearing an orange hat has a ball .
entailment	A men in an orange hat holds a ball .	A gentlemen wearing an orange hat has a ball .
entailment	A mens in an orange hat holds a ball .	A gentlemen wearing an orange hat has a ball .
entailment	Two females bend over to touch a little kangaroo .	Two females are petting a kangaroo
entailment	Two female bend over to touch a petite kangaroo .	Two women are petting a kangaroo
entailment	Two females bend over to touching a little kangaroo .	Two woman are petting a kangaroo
entailment	A girl in a purple top , baggy underclothes and sneakers is blowing a kiss , while another girl in black clocks .	A daughters blows a kissing as another girls sees it .
entailment	A daughter in a purple top , baggy trousers and sneakers is blowing a kissing , while another girl in black watches .	A daughter blows a kissing as another girls sees it .
entailment	A daughter in a purple top , baggy undergarments and sneakers is blowing a kiss , while another girls in black clocks .	A girls blows a kiss as another girl sees it .
entailment	An Asian man makes confronts for the camera .	Faces are being made to the camera .
entailment	An Asian male makes confront for the camera .	Faces are being made to the camera .
entailment	An Asian mens makes faces for the camera .	Faces are being made to the camera .
entailment	A individuals is sitting in front of a graffiti covered wall .	There 's a placing to sit near a wall
entailment	A person is sitting in front of a graffiti covered wall .	There 's a placing to sit near a wall
entailment	A person is sitting in front of a graffiti covered wall .	There 's a placing to sit near a wall
entailment	There is a monumental panel of people standing together mostly wearing Canada symbols .	There is a huge group .
entailment	There is a large panels of people standing together basically wearing Canada symbols .	There is a gigantic groups .
entailment	There is a heavy panels of people standing together mainly wearing Canada symbols .	There is a vast group .
entailment	A casually clothed young blond women is searching away sadly as couple near her are kiss .	Two people are having an intimate moment while another avoids looking at them .
entailment	A casually clothed minor blond woman is quest away sadly as couple near her are kiss .	Two people are having an intimate moment while another avoids searches at them .
entailment	A casually clothed youngsters blond woman is looking away unfortunately as couple near her are kissing .	Two people are having an intimate moment while another avoids searching at them .
entailment	Two guys in blue shirts discussions .	Two guys talking in matches shirts .
entailment	Two guys in blue shirts conversation .	Two guys conversation in match shirts .
entailment	Two guys in blue shirts discussions .	Two guys conversations in matching shirts .
entailment	a juvenile couple both wearing white shirts and blue jeans standing in a light misty rain	A match couple get wet .
entailment	a teens couple both wearing white shirts and blue jeans standing in a light misty rain	A match couple get wet .
entailment	a teenaged couple both wearing white shirts and blue jeans standing in a light misty rain	A matches couple get wet .
entailment	The man in the white shirt holds up a playing cards .	The men has a playing card in his hand .
entailment	The man in the white shirt holds up a playing valentines .	The masculine has a playing valentines in his hand .
entailment	The mens in the white shirt holds up a play card .	The male has a playing valentines in his hand .
entailment	a brown dog standing in the middle of a heavy field .	There is a dog outdoor .
entailment	a brown dog standing in the media of a huge field .	There is a dog outside .
entailment	a brown dog standing in the media of a big field .	There is a dog outer .
entailment	A brown-haired woman in a blue shirt , wearing a bib number from a marathon , holds a gold trophy and poses with a blond females in a black garb .	A women has a blue shirt
entailment	A brown-haired women in a blue shirt , wearing a bib number from a marathon , holds a gold trophy and poses with a blond women in a negro dress .	A female has a blue shirt
entailment	A brown-haired woman in a blue shirt , wearing a bib number from a marathon , holds a gold trophy and poses with a blond females in a negro frock .	A woman has a blue shirt
entailment	Two lacrosse gamers are running on the sports-field .	Some of the people in the photographic are at minimum fairly athletics .
entailment	Two lacrosse players are running on the sports-field .	Some of the people in the pictures are at minimum fairly sports .
entailment	Two lacrosse players are running on the sports-field .	Some of the people in the photograph are at minimum fairly sport .
entailment	A woman wearing a grey jumper stands in the street near a green poles .	A persons wearing a sweat in a street
entailment	A female wearing a grey jumper stands in the street near a green poles .	A persons wearing a sweat in a street
entailment	A women wearing a grey jumper stands in the street near a green pole .	A persons wearing a sweat in a street
entailment	Man on phones in companies suit walking down a busy street .	A persons on a cellphones is outdoors
entailment	Man on telephones in corporate suit walking down a busy street .	A individuals on a telephones is outdoors
entailment	Man on telephones in corporations suit walking down a busy street .	A person on a cellphones is outdoors
entailment	Casually clothed young male and females are sitting and laying on a grassy spheres with cyclist and other personal belongings reading on a sunny day .	people are hanging outer with their bicycles on the grass .
entailment	Casually attired child man and women are sitting and laying on a grassy sphere with bicycling and other personal belongings reading on a sunny day .	people are hanging exterior with their motorbikes on the grass .
entailment	Casually dressed miners men and woman are sitting and laying on a grassy zone with cycling and other personal belongings reading on a sunny day .	people are hanging exterior with their bikes on the grass .
entailment	Three men are using Washington Mutual ATMs outside near a parking batch .	There are males outdoors .
entailment	Three man are using Washington Mutual ATMs outer near a parking batch .	There are men outdoors .
entailment	Three masculine are using Washington Mutual ATMs exterior near a parking batch .	There are masculine outdoors .
entailment	A youthful females is standing on a inclined , facing the top of the inclined .	A woman stands on a angled .
entailment	A children woman is standing on a inclined , facing the top of the sloping .	A woman stands on a slope .
entailment	A youthful female is standing on a inclined , facing the top of the slope .	A women stands on a inclined .
entailment	A daughter in a red and white standardized is swinging a bat .	A daughter in uniform is swinging .
entailment	A daughters in a red and white uniformed is swinging a bat .	A girl in standardized is swinging .
entailment	A girl in a red and white standardized is swinging a bat .	A daughters in uniform is swinging .
entailment	A male cooking over high flames .	A persons is preparing some food .
entailment	A male cooking over high flames .	A individuals is preparing some food .
entailment	A masculine cooks over high flames .	A persons is preparing some food .
entailment	A male crouches down next to a motorbike .	A man is down beside a cycle .
entailment	A male crouches down next to a biking .	A male is down beside a motorcycle .
entailment	A masculine crouches down next to a bicycle .	A men is down beside a biking .
entailment	A male wearing a purple chap , yellow snowy goggles , a periwinkle jacket and red wallets moves rapids through powdery snowy near a winter tree .	A men is moving promptly through the snow .
entailment	A mens wearing a purple chaps , yellow snow glasses , a periwinkle jacket and red rucksack moves promptly through powdery snow near a winter trees .	A males is moving quicker through the snowy .
entailment	A man wearing a purple cap , yellow snow eyeglasses , a periwinkle jacket and red satchel moves promptly through powdery snowy near a winter trees .	A men is moving promptly through the snowy .
entailment	An elders Man wearing a olive green shirt and red and white striped apron is stacking cheese .	A male is wearing a apron
entailment	An elder Man wearing a olive green shirt and red and white striped apron is stacking cheese .	A men is wearing a apron
entailment	An older Man wearing a olive green shirt and red and white striped apron is stacking cheese .	A male is wearing a apron
entailment	A adolescent negro masculine is getting his hair buzzed off .	A males is getting a hairstyle chop .
entailment	A underage negro male is getting his hairdo buzzed off .	A men is getting a hairdo chop .
entailment	A children black men is getting his hairstyle buzzed off .	A male is getting a hairdo cut .
entailment	A males cook with fire in like 5 pots at the identical schedules !	A mens is cook with a lot of pots .
entailment	A males cooks with fire in like 5 pots at the identical schedules !	A males is cooking with a lot of pots .
entailment	A man cooks with fire in like 5 pots at the identical schedules !	A men is cooks with a lot of pots .
entailment	A minors boy is jumping down an inflatable water ride .	A boy is outside
entailment	A teenager boy is jumping down an inflatable water ride .	A boy is outside
entailment	A adolescents boy is jumping down an inflatable water ride .	A boy is outside
entailment	Four mens and three women , all in their beach attire , hang around a little cliff by the oceans as one males is about to dives into the water .	People in beach attire
entailment	Four man and three women , all in their beach frock , hang around a petite cliff by the nautical as one masculine is approximately to diving into the water .	People in beach attire
entailment	Four mens and three woman , all in their beach dress , hang around a petite cliff by the marine as one masculine is about to diving into the water .	People in beach attire
entailment	Five child indian daughters attire in colorful dresses are holding hands and smiling forming a circle	Five daughter are playing together .
entailment	Five teens indian daughter attire in colorful dresses are holding hands and smiling forming a circle	Five daughters are playing together .
entailment	Five teenagers indian girls dress in colorful dresses are holding hands and smiling forming a circle	Five daughters are playing together .
entailment	A adolescence woman in white working in a professional kitchen .	A teens woman dressed in white works in a very good kitchen
entailment	A teenaged woman in white working in a professionals kitchen .	A miners females clothed in white works in a very good kitchen
entailment	A youths woman in white working in a professional kitchen .	A teenagers women dressed in white works in a very good kitchen
entailment	two girl search out the window at `` Hair at Hart . ''	Two adolescent wait for their mummy to finishes her hairdo appointments .
entailment	two daughters looking out the window at `` Hair at Hart . ''	Two minor wait for their momma to finishes her hairstyle appointments .
entailment	two daughters looking out the window at `` Hair at Hart . ''	Two teenagers wait for their mum to completes her hair appointments .
entailment	two daughter searches out the window at `` Hair at Hart . ''	Two people look out a window .
entailment	two daughter searching out the window at `` Hair at Hart . ''	Two people look out a window .
entailment	two daughter looking out the window at `` Hair at Hart . ''	Two people look out a window .
entailment	An American wrestler in a purple singlet wrestlers an adversary .	Two wrestlers are in a match .
entailment	An American wrestler in a purple singlet wrestlers an opponent .	Two wrestlers are in a match .
entailment	An American wrestler in a purple singlet wrestlers an opponent .	Two wrestlers are in a matching .
entailment	People wait on a train platform .	People are waiting .
entailment	People waiting on a train platform .	People are waiting .
entailment	People waiting on a train platform .	People are wait .
entailment	Dog with black and tan face standing in water search up at camera .	a dog is wet
entailment	Dog with negro and tan face standing in water searching up at camera .	a dog is wet
entailment	Dog with negro and tan face standing in water searches up at camera .	a dog is wet
entailment	The women in the white attire looks very uncomfortable in the busy surroundings .	The attire is white .
entailment	The women in the white attire looks very uncomfortable in the busy surroundings .	The attire is white .
entailment	The females in the white dress looks very uncomfortable in the busy surroundings .	The dress is white .
entailment	A males with a long white beard is studied a camera and another masculine with a black shirt is in the background .	a man is with another man
entailment	A male with a long white beard is examines a camera and another males with a black shirt is in the background .	a male is with another man
entailment	A man with a long white beard is examined a camera and another men with a black shirt is in the background .	a male is with another man
entailment	A mens is socializing with another men in the bar .	Two males discussions in a bar .
entailment	A man is socializing with another mens in the bar .	Two men conversation in a bar .
entailment	A masculine is socializing with another masculine in the bar .	Two male conversation in a bar .
entailment	A female smaller in a white , long-sleeved shirt is kneeling on a couch , laugh as her hair is sticking up .	A adolescents laughs as her hairstyle sticks up .
entailment	A woman kids in a white , long-sleeved shirt is kneeling on a couch , laugh as her hairstyle is sticking up .	A teens laughs as her hair sticks up .
entailment	A women miners in a white , long-sleeved shirt is kneeling on a couch , laugh as her hairstyle is sticking up .	A adolescents laughs as her hair sticks up .
entailment	A teens newborn cries while having his or her pajamas buttoned .	A minors newborns is wearing pajamas .
entailment	A kid newborns cries while having his or her pajamas buttoned .	A children infant is wearing pjs .
entailment	A youngsters infant cries while having his or her pjs buttoned .	A children newborns is wearing pjs .
entailment	A boy looks out the window at another boy who is spray the window with water .	The boy is search at another boy .
entailment	A boy looks out the window at another boy who is spraying the window with water .	The boy is quest at another boy .
entailment	A boy looks out the window at another boy who is spray the window with water .	The boy is search at another boy .
entailment	a male takes a images of another two masculine in a crowd .	a mens takes a photos of two masculine in a crowd .
entailment	a mens takes a picture of another two men in a crowd .	a males takes a image of two masculine in a crowd .
entailment	a masculine takes a photography of another two men in a crowd .	a male takes a photographs of two male in a crowd .
entailment	a man takes a photographs of another two mens in a crowd .	a males takes a photographed of another people in a crowd .
entailment	a mens takes a picture of another two males in a crowd .	a male takes a images of another people in a crowd .
entailment	a masculine takes a photographic of another two man in a crowd .	a males takes a photographing of another people in a crowd .
entailment	A baby with a green bottom and red top lurks in bed with a brown and white cat and also a negro and white cat .	There is a young and two animal .
entailment	A baby with a green bottom and red top lies in bed with a brown and white cat and also a black and white cat .	There is a youthful and two animals .
entailment	A baby with a green bottom and red top lurks in bed with a brown and white cat and also a negro and white cat .	There is a child and two animals .
entailment	A few underage boys throwing a football over a volleyball net .	Boys playing .
entailment	A few kids boys throwing a football over a volleyball netted .	Boys playing .
entailment	A few underage boys throwing a football over a volleyball netted .	Boys play .
entailment	An senior males in a blue shirt and white underpants glowers by a glass gate .	A masculine wearing a blue shirt and white pants
entailment	An antiquated mens in a blue shirt and white slacks glowers by a glass gate .	A masculine wearing a blue shirt and white pants
entailment	An old male in a blue shirt and white underclothes glowers by a glass door .	A mens wearing a blue shirt and white pants
entailment	A masculine clothed in all white and wearing a white hat stands on a pavement next to a building .	A human standing
entailment	A male dressed in all white and wearing a white hat stands on a pavement next to a building .	A humanity standing
entailment	A men dressed in all white and wearing a white hat stands on a pavement next to a building .	A human standing
entailment	Two furry beige dogs play in navy surf .	Two dogs are outer .
entailment	Two furry beige dogs playing in nautical surfing .	Two dogs are outside .
entailment	Two furry beige dogs play in nautical surf .	Two dogs are outside .
entailment	Two furry beige dogs play in marine surfer .	Two dogs are play on a beach .
entailment	Two furry beige dogs play in naval surf .	Two dogs are play on a beach .
entailment	Two furry beige dogs play in nautical surfing .	Two dogs are play on a beach .
entailment	Several smaller are standing on the beach .	There is a panels of people on the beach .
entailment	Several smaller are standing on the beach .	There is a panel of people on the beach .
entailment	Several adolescents are standing on the beach .	There is a grouping of people on the beach .
entailment	Four female are taking a walk down an frigid path .	The women are walking on the icing .
entailment	Four female are taking a walk down an chilly routing .	The female are walking on the ice .
entailment	Four females are taking a walk down an chilly road .	The women are walking on the frosting .
entailment	A mens with no shirt on is holding a football .	A men holds a football .
entailment	A man with no shirt on is holding a football .	A males holds a football .
entailment	A mens with no shirt on is holding a football .	A men holds a football .
entailment	A brown dog wearing a collar is hunted and biting on a red broom .	There is an animals biting a broom .
entailment	A brown dog wearing a collar is chases and biting on a red broom .	There is an animals biting a broom .
entailment	A brown dog wearing a collar is pursues and biting on a red broom .	There is an zoo biting a broom .
entailment	Two men in black trousers and black shirts practise martial arts on a green gym floor .	Two males practice martial arts .
entailment	Two males in black undergarments and black shirts practice martial arts on a green gym floor .	Two mens practise martial arts .
entailment	Two men in negro undergarments and negro shirts practice martial arts on a green gym floor .	Two masculine practising martial arts .
entailment	An elder dame holding a scruffy dog and smiling contently .	a women holding a scruffy dog
entailment	An archaic lady holding a scruffy dog and smiling contently .	a females holding a scruffy dog
entailment	An aging dame holding a scruffy dog and smiling contently .	a women holding a scruffy dog
entailment	An aging dame holding a scruffy dog and smiling contently .	a woman holding her scruffy dog
entailment	An age lady holding a scruffy dog and smiling contently .	a woman holding her scruffy dog
entailment	An aging dame holding a scruffy dog and smiling contently .	a woman holding her scruffy dog
entailment	A bikes is parked against a window to a boutique called Winter Sport where internal some people sit next to a computers and an old woman stands in the background .	There is a computer with people seated vicinity and a females standing vicinity them interior Winter Sport , which is a boutique with a motorbike next to it .
entailment	A moped is parked against a window to a boutique called Winter Sport where inside some people sit next to a computers and an antique woman stands in the background .	There is a computers with people seated vicinity and a woman standing vicinity them interior Winter Sport , which is a store with a moped next to it .
entailment	A bicycle is parked against a window to a boutique called Winter Sport where interior some people sit next to a computers and an elder females stands in the background .	There is a computers with people seated vicinity and a woman standing vicinity them inner Winter Sport , which is a store with a biking next to it .
entailment	Men wearing hats walk on the street .	The masculine having hats on their head .
entailment	Men wearing hats walk on the street .	The males having hats on their head .
entailment	Men wearing hats walk on the street .	The man having hats on their head .
entailment	A few people are sitting inner of a building with lots of photo on the walls .	The people are indoors .
entailment	A few people are sitting indoor of a building with lots of images on the walls .	The people are indoors .
entailment	A few people are sitting indoor of a building with lots of photograph on the walls .	The people are indoors .
entailment	A male wearing a black t-shirt that says `` Long Live the Dead '' pulls a shopping cart in the street near a NYC yellow cab taxis .	A males is wearing a intelligent shirt .
entailment	A masculine wearing a negro t-shirt that says `` Long Live the Dead '' pulls a shopping cart in the street near a NYC yellow taxis taxi .	A mens is wearing a smart shirt .
entailment	A male wearing a black t-shirt that says `` Long Live the Dead '' pulls a shopping cart in the street near a NYC yellow taxis taxis .	A man is wearing a intelligent shirt .
entailment	A adolescent man wearing a blue hat turned backward and slightly sideways with a cigarette in his mouth .	A male is wearing a hat .
entailment	A teenage masculine wearing a blue hat turned backward and slightly sideways with a cigarette in his mouth .	A man is wearing a hat .
entailment	A miners male wearing a blue hat turned backward and slightly sideways with a cigarette in his mouth .	A masculine is wearing a hat .
entailment	Three young females perform a dance in a crowded hall .	Three adolescent females are performing in front of a huge audience .
entailment	Three youthful female perform a dancing in a crowded hall .	Three young woman are performing in front of a overwhelming audience .
entailment	Three teenagers females perform a dances in a crowded hall .	Three teenager women are performing in front of a massive audience .
entailment	A female with a blue jacket around her waist is sitting on the ledge of some stone ruins rest .	A women sits on a ledge
entailment	A woman with a blue jacket around her waist is sitting on the ledge of some stone ruins resting .	A woman sits on a ledge
entailment	A woman with a blue jacket around her waist is sitting on the ledge of some stone ruins rest .	A females sits on a ledge
entailment	A groups of people are standing on steps in front of a building .	A group of people are standing in front of a building .
entailment	A group of people are standing on steps in front of a building .	A group of people are standing in front of a building .
entailment	A grouping of people are standing on steps in front of a building .	A group of people are standing in front of a building .
entailment	Four masculine stand in a circle facing each other playing brass instruments which people watch them .	The mens are playing music
entailment	Four man stand in a circle facing each other playing brass instruments which people watch them .	The male are play music
entailment	Four male stand in a circle facing each other playing brass instruments which people watch them .	The men are play music
entailment	Brown and cream dog with tongue out in front of grassy forest	There is an animal standing outdoors .
entailment	Brown and cream dog with tongue out in front of grassy forest	There is an animal standing outdoors .
entailment	Brown and cream dog with tongue out in front of grassy forest	There is an zoo standing outdoors .
entailment	A adolescence boy , wearing a jesters hat is enjoying itself sledding .	A boy wearing a goofy hat is sledding by himself .
entailment	A juveniles boy , wearing a jesters hat is enjoying itself sledding .	A boy wearing a goofy hat is sledding by itself .
entailment	A teens boy , wearing a jesters hat is enjoying himself sledding .	A boy wearing a goofy hat is sledding by himself .
entailment	A shirtless mens with cropped hairdo tobacco a cigarette and ties a plastic handbag .	The men is not wearing a shirt .
entailment	A shirtless men with cropped hairstyle smoking a cigarette and ties a plastic purses .	The man is not wearing a shirt .
entailment	A shirtless man with cropped hairdo smoked a cigarette and ties a plastic sac .	The man is not wearing a shirt .
entailment	A kid men blew up balloons to craft into animals for the seven excited young that looked on .	The teenage are watching the masculine blow up balloons
entailment	A youth men blew up balloons to craft into animals for the seven excited youthful that looked on .	The juveniles are watching the man blow up balloons
entailment	A teenager men blew up balloons to craft into animal for the seven excited kid that looked on .	The underage are watching the masculine blow up balloons
entailment	A miners mens blew up balloons to craft into animals for the seven excited teenager that looked on .	The teen watch the men make dogs and giraffes out of balloons
entailment	A underage masculine blew up balloons to craft into animal for the seven excited child that looked on .	The minor watch the men make dogs and giraffes out of balloons
entailment	A smaller mens blew up balloons to craft into animals for the seven excited teenaged that looked on .	The adolescents watch the male make dogs and giraffes out of balloons
entailment	A teenaged masculine blew up balloons to craft into zoo for the seven excited underage that looked on .	A mens is being creative in front of the crowd .
entailment	A minor men blew up balloons to craft into zoo for the seven excited teenage that looked on .	A men is being creative in front of the crowd .
entailment	A miners masculine blew up balloons to craft into animals for the seven excited smaller that looked on .	A man is being creative in front of the crowd .
entailment	An enthusiastic boy pushes a shopping cart containing a smiling boy .	A boy is pushing a shopping cart
entailment	An enthusiastic boy pushes a shopping cart containing a smiling boy .	A boy is pushing a shopping cart
entailment	An enthusiastic boy pushes a shopping cart containing a smiling boy .	A boy is pushing a shopping cart
entailment	A men is shooting a gunpoint outdoors , on what looks like a beautiful sunny day .	A male is shooting a pistols at goal on a nice day .
entailment	A male is shooting a guns outdoors , on what looks like a beautiful sunny day .	A mens is shooting a firearms at purpose on a nice day .
entailment	A man is shooting a revolver outdoors , on what looks like a beautiful sunny day .	A masculine is shooting a arms at goal on a nice day .
entailment	Blond boy in striped shirt on the swing set .	A boy is on the swing set .
entailment	Blond boy in striped shirt on the swing set .	A boy is on the swing set .
entailment	Blond boy in striped shirt on the swing set .	A boy is on the swing set .
entailment	Boy in bag crossed the street , Other people , all Asian , are all in crosswalk walking toward the boy .	The boy is wearing a handbags .
entailment	Boy in knapsack crossing the street , Other people , all Asian , are all in crosswalk walking towards the boy .	The boy is wearing a satchel .
entailment	Boy in knapsack crossed the street , Other people , all Asian , are all in crosswalk walking toward the boy .	The boy is wearing a bag .
entailment	A female is sitting outboard at a table , using a knife to chop into a sandwich .	A women is sitting outer .
entailment	A women is sitting outer at a tables , using a knife to cut into a sandwich .	A females is sitting outer .
entailment	A woman is sitting outboard at a tables , using a knife to cutting into a sandwich .	A women is sitting outdoor .
entailment	Three people sit on a bench at a station , the male looks oddly at the two female , the redheaded female looks up and forwards in an awkward stance , and the yellow blond girl twiddles with her hairstyle .	People waiting at a station .
entailment	Three people sit on a bench at a station , the man looks oddly at the two females , the redheaded woman looks up and forwards in an awkward position , and the yellow blond daughter twiddles with her hairdo .	People waiting at a station .
entailment	Three people sit on a bench at a station , the mens looks oddly at the two woman , the redheaded female looks up and forward in an awkward position , and the yellow blond daughters twiddles with her hair .	People waiting at a station .
entailment	A male flying out of a river raft filled with 6 other people .	The raft has people in it .
entailment	A man flying out of a river raft filled with 6 other people .	The raft has people in it .
entailment	A masculine flying out of a river raft filled with 6 other people .	The raft has people in it .
entailment	Woman wearing dark brown leather jacket , eyeglasses , brown leather boots , silver decorator sac , sitting on a fire engines red park bench .	A nicely clothed women is sitting in the park .
entailment	Woman wearing dark brown leather jacket , goggles , brown leather boots , silver decorator sac , sitting on a fire engines red park bench .	A nicely dressed females is sitting in the park .
entailment	Woman wearing dark brown leather jacket , glasses , brown leather boots , silver designer bag , sitting on a fire engines red park bench .	A nicely clothed females is sitting in the park .
entailment	There are two probing full of people in a river , one is stopped and the other is moving .	There are two studied on a river .
entailment	There are two battleship full of people in a river , one is stopped and the other is moving .	There are two browse on a river .
entailment	There are two exploring full of people in a river , one is halted and the other is moving .	There are two examining on a river .
entailment	Three musicians are playing in a band .	The bands includes of a trio of musicians
entailment	Three musicians are play in a band .	The band includes of a trio of musicians
entailment	Three musicians are play in a band .	The band contains of a trio of musicians
entailment	Two individuals attired up like zoo are posing for the camera .	People are posing for a pictures .
entailment	Two individuals clothed up like animal are posing for the camera .	People are posing for a images .
entailment	Two person attired up like zoo are posing for the camera .	People are posing for a photographing .
entailment	Two male are making hand gestures and posing for a photography .	Two male are readies to have their photographed taken .
entailment	Two masculine are making hand gestures and posing for a image .	Two men are braced to have their photos taken .
entailment	Two mens are making hand gestures and posing for a photographic .	Two male are prepared to have their photographs taken .
entailment	A female wearing a red work mens 's hat and red jacket is hiking in the snowy topped mountains .	A women in outboard clothing is hiking .
entailment	A woman wearing a red work masculine 's hat and red jacket is hiking in the snow topped mountains .	A woman in exterior garments is hiking .
entailment	A woman wearing a red work male 's hat and red jacket is hiking in the snow topped mountains .	A woman in exterior clothes is hiking .
entailment	A males holds up a sign that reads `` tattooing '' as several people walk near him .	A mens is holding a tattoo sign .
entailment	A males holds up a sign that reads `` tattoo '' as many people walk near him .	A man is holding a tattooing sign .
entailment	A males holds up a sign that reads `` tattoo '' as many people walk near him .	A males is holding a tattooing sign .
entailment	An outdated woman with a tan nun uniforms on and spectacles is taking a image with her camera .	A woman is in a tan nun uniforms .
entailment	An age females with a tan nun uniforms on and glasses is taking a photographs with her camera .	A female is in a tan nun standardized .
entailment	An old women with a tan nun uniform on and sunglasses is taking a photograph with her camera .	A woman is in a tan nun uniforms .
entailment	A persons throws a red toy for a dog to run for .	A person throws a toy for a dog .
entailment	A persons throws a red toy for a dog to run for .	A individuals throws a toy for a dog .
entailment	A persons throws a red toy for a dog to run for .	A persons throws a toy for a dog .
entailment	A persons throws a red toy for a dog to run for .	A dog is searches for a toy .
entailment	A person throws a red toy for a dog to run for .	A dog is search for a toy .
entailment	A individuals throws a red toy for a dog to run for .	A dog is search for a toy .
entailment	Several people are play an fierce game of paintball while others watch from the sidelines .	People play a game .
entailment	Several people are play an intense games of paintball while others watch from the sidelines .	People playing a game .
entailment	Several people are playing an fierce games of paintball while others watch from the sidelines .	People play a games .
entailment	A panel of footballs gamers is standing behind a coaching official .	There are many people present .
entailment	A grouping of footballs players is standing behind a coach officially .	There are multiple people present .
entailment	A grouping of footballs players is standing behind a coaches official .	There are differing people present .
entailment	A men and a females , both wearing spectacles , embrace one another , while smiling and posing for the camera .	A couple posing for the camera .
entailment	A masculine and a female , both wearing eyeglasses , embrace one another , while smiling and posing for the camera .	A couple posing for the camera .
entailment	A man and a female , both wearing eyeglasses , embrace one another , while smiling and posing for the camera .	A couple posing for the camera .
entailment	A masculine and a female , both wearing sunglasses , embrace one another , while smiling and posing for the camera .	A males and woman wearing sunglasses .
entailment	A male and a female , both wearing spectacles , embrace one another , while smiling and posing for the camera .	A man and women wearing goggles .
entailment	A male and a women , both wearing eyeglasses , embrace one another , while smiling and posing for the camera .	A males and woman wearing glasses .
entailment	A male attired only in a towel is in a sauna .	A human not wearing any clothes is in a rooms .
entailment	A men dressed solely in a towel is in a sauna .	A mankind not wearing any clothes is in a rooms .
entailment	A male attired solely in a towel is in a sauna .	A humanity not wearing any apparel is in a rooms .
entailment	Repairing the roof of a school on the coasts .	A school is being worked on .
entailment	Repairing the roof of a school on the coasts .	A school is being worked on .
entailment	Repairing the roof of a school on the seashore .	A school is being worked on .
entailment	A little girl in a pink garb crying .	An upset little girl is throwing a tantrum .
entailment	A petite girl in a pink dress crying .	An upset little girls is throwing a tantrum .
entailment	A small girls in a pink dress crying .	An upset little daughter is throwing a tantrum .
entailment	Colorful rings spray water at little daughters wearing swimsuit .	The youths is play .
entailment	Colorful ringing spray water at little girl wearing swimwear .	The teen is play .
entailment	Colorful ringing spray water at small girls wearing swimsuit .	The juveniles is playing .
entailment	A blond-haired baby is sitting on the floor playing with toys while searches at a black and white cat .	The baby and the cat are in the same room
entailment	A blond-haired baby is sitting on the floor play with toys while searches at a negro and white cat .	The baby and the cat are in the identical room
entailment	A blond-haired baby is sitting on the floor playing with toys while searching at a negro and white cat .	The baby and the cat are in the same room
entailment	The dog is in the snowy in front of some tree .	A dog is in the snow .
entailment	The dog is in the snowy in front of some tree .	A dog is in the snowy .
entailment	The dog is in the snowy in front of some trees .	A dog is in the snowy .
entailment	A juveniles boy is playing in the sandy water .	There is a boy in the water .
entailment	A youth boy is playing in the sandy water .	There is a boy in the water .
entailment	A youthful boy is play in the sandy water .	There is a boy in the water .
entailment	An senior fireman in an orange suit is holding a fire hose with water coming out .	A firemen is holding a fire hose with water comping out .
entailment	An senior fireman in an orange suit is holding a fire hose with water coming out .	A fireman is holding a fire hose with water comping out .
entailment	An aging fireman in an orange suit is holding a fire hose with water coming out .	A firefighters is holding a fire hose with water comping out .
entailment	A teenagers in a red coat waves a hand in the airliner while lie in snowy beside a red plastic sled .	A youthful is play in the snow .
entailment	A adolescent in a red coat waves a hand in the airline while lurks in snow beside a red plastic sled .	A miners is play in the snowy .
entailment	A minor in a red coat waves a hand in the aviation while lies in snowy beside a red plastic sled .	A teen is play in the snowy .
entailment	A women in a grey sweater conversations to another female in a black jacket .	A lady wearing gray speaks to a lady in negro .
entailment	A women in a gray sweater talking to another woman in a black jacket .	A dame wearing gray speaks to a dame in negro .
entailment	A woman in a gray jumper conversations to another females in a negro jacket .	A lady wearing grey speaks to a dame in black .
entailment	Two man , one in a red shirt and one in a white shirt , are on a boats in the beautiful blue-green water .	Some masculine are by water .
entailment	Two male , one in a red shirt and one in a white shirt , are on a explore in the beautiful blue-green water .	Some males are by water .
entailment	Two man , one in a red shirt and one in a white shirt , are on a boat in the beautiful blue-green water .	Some males are by water .
entailment	Two mens , one in a red shirt and one in a white shirt , are on a battleship in the beautiful blue-green water .	Two masculine are out boating .
entailment	Two masculine , one in a red shirt and one in a white shirt , are on a survey in the beautiful blue-green water .	Two males are out boating .
entailment	Two males , one in a red shirt and one in a white shirt , are on a yacht in the beautiful blue-green water .	Two men are out boating .
entailment	A boy at the beach runs through the surfing towards three other people who are already in the water .	The boy is running toward a larger group of people .
entailment	A boy at the beach runs through the surfing towards three other people who are already in the water .	The boy is running toward a biggest groups of people .
entailment	A boy at the beach runs through the surfer toward three other people who are already in the water .	The boy is running towards a maximum panel of people .
entailment	A male in a blue shirt emerges from a doorway .	A male walks through a doorway .
entailment	A masculine in a blue shirt emerges from a doorway .	A men walks through a doorway .
entailment	A men in a blue shirt emerges from a doorway .	A man walks through a doorway .
entailment	A kid in an orange outfit stands holding flower .	A kid is wearing colorful clothes .
entailment	A minor in an orange outfit stands holding flowering .	A smaller is wearing colorful clothing .
entailment	A teenage in an orange outfit stands holding flowering .	A miners is wearing colorful clothing .
entailment	Two brown and white dogs running on a grassy but brown fenced yard .	Canines traverse a sealed expanse .
entailment	Two brown and white dogs running on a grassy but brown fenced yard .	Canines traverse a seal expanse .
entailment	Two brown and white dogs running on a grassy but brown fenced yard .	Canines traverse a sealed expanse .
entailment	Two senior woman sitting on curb next to flowers	Elderly female are rest near flowers
entailment	Two aging female sitting on curb next to flowers	Elderly women are resting near flowers
entailment	Two older woman sitting on curb next to flowers	Elderly woman are resting near flowers
entailment	A men with a blue helmet and orange shirt .	A males wears a helmet .
entailment	A male with a blue helmet and orange shirt .	A masculine wears a helmet .
entailment	A male with a blue helmet and orange shirt .	A males wears a helmet .
entailment	Man in leather jacket and scarf sits on purple cushion at a parties .	A person is sitting .
entailment	Man in leather jacket and scarf sits on purple cushion at a parties .	A persons is sitting .
entailment	Man in leather jacket and scarf sits on purple cushion at a parties .	A individuals is sitting .
entailment	A couple open up a novel electronically mixer .	A couple openings a newer appliance together
entailment	A couple opening up a new electronically mixer .	A couple open a new appliance together
entailment	A couple open up a new electronically mixer .	A couple opening a new appliance together
entailment	A masculine in a black ball ceiling , negro jacket and slacks sitting in front of a building painted white and blue with the words ING and PEOPLE written on it .	The mens is in front of a building .
entailment	A males in a black ball chaps , negro jacket and panties sitting in front of a building painting white and blue with the words ING and PEOPLE written on it .	The man is in front of a building .
entailment	A masculine in a black ball cap , negro jacket and undergarments sitting in front of a building paints white and blue with the words ING and PEOPLE written on it .	The males is in front of a building .
entailment	A men in a blue shirt and a women in a pink skirt sit around other people in the background .	Two people are near some other people .
entailment	A masculine in a blue shirt and a females in a pink skirt sit around other people in the background .	Two people are near some other people .
entailment	A man in a blue shirt and a woman in a pink skirt sit around other people in the background .	Two people are near some other people .
entailment	A furry dog is jumping over a barrier .	A dog is jumping .
entailment	A furry dog is jumping over a hurdles .	A dog is jumping .
entailment	A furry dog is jumping over a impediment .	A dog is jumping .
entailment	A males on a ladder in tall grass .	The men is outdoors .
entailment	A masculine on a ladder in tall grass .	The male is outdoors .
entailment	A man on a ladder in tall grass .	The man is outdoors .
entailment	A teens wearing a red top is standing behind a blond headed teens sitting in a wheelbarrow .	A teenaged wearing a red top is standing behind a blond headed child
entailment	A juvenile wearing a red top is standing behind a blond headed young sitting in a wheelbarrow .	A children wearing a red top is standing behind a blond headed child
entailment	A minors wearing a red top is standing behind a blond headed child sitting in a wheelbarrow .	A teenage wearing a red top is standing behind a blond headed child
entailment	People seated at long tables all facing the same direction , some write and some watching .	A groups of people are sitting at table .
entailment	People seated at lengthy table all facing the identical direction , some writing and some watching .	A grouping of people are sitting at tables .
entailment	People seated at lengthy tables all facing the identical direction , some write and some watching .	A panel of people are sitting at tables .
entailment	A street performer wearing eyeglasses and paintings in bronze colored paint is acting like he is filming with an old-fashioned prop movies camera .	A street performer is acting out a scene .
entailment	A street performer wearing eyeglasses and paints in bronze colored paint is acting like he is filming with an old-fashioned prop movies camera .	A street performer is acting out a scene .
entailment	A street performer wearing spectacles and painting in copper colored paints is acting like he is filming with an old-fashioned prop movies camera .	A street performer is acting out a scene .
entailment	A males wearing a white shirt and a blue jeans reading a journals while standing	A males is reading a journal .
entailment	A men wearing a white shirt and a blue jeans reading a newspapers while standing	A masculine is reading a journals .
entailment	A male wearing a white shirt and a blue jeans reading a journals while standing	A mens is reading a newspapers .
entailment	A man wearing an orange shirt and spectacles jog in a marathon with spectators spectating him .	People watch a male jogging .
entailment	A males wearing an orange shirt and goggles jogging in a marathon with viewers spectating him .	People watch a men jog .
entailment	A man wearing an orange shirt and eyeglasses jog in a marathon with spectators spectating him .	People watch a masculine jogging .
entailment	A man running in a errand passes by viewers .	A male is running by people who are watching .
entailment	A male running in a race passes by viewers .	A males is running by people who are watching .
entailment	A masculine running in a races passes by spectators .	A mens is running by people who are watching .
entailment	Topless daughters riding a red bicycles .	A female is on a bike .
entailment	Topless daughter riding a red mopeds .	A females is on a mopeds .
entailment	Topless daughters riding a red motorbikes .	A woman is on a biking .
entailment	a male giving two thumbs up to a crowd .	The crowd watches him
entailment	a mens giving two thumbs up to a crowd .	The crowd watches him
entailment	a masculine giving two thumbs up to a crowd .	The crowd watches him
entailment	A mens is wearing a neon yellow vest while leaning over a roof and another males is standing behind him .	A guy is search over the side of a building with someone else .
entailment	A man is wearing a neon yellow vest while leaning over a roof and another masculine is standing behind him .	A guy is quest over the side of a building with someone else .
entailment	A masculine is wearing a neon yellow vest while leaning over a roof and another male is standing behind him .	A guy is search over the side of a building with someone else .
entailment	Two youths girls are jumping off of a steep step .	Girls are jumping .
entailment	Two teenaged daughters are jumping off of a steep step .	Girls are jumping .
entailment	Two teens girls are jumping off of a steep step .	Girls are jumping .
entailment	Two kids daughter are jumping off of a steep step .	Two teenagers girls are jumping outer .
entailment	Two adolescents girls are jumping off of a steep step .	Two kids daughters are jumping outdoor .
entailment	Two youthful girls are jumping off of a steep step .	Two kid daughters are jumping exterior .
entailment	Middle-aged males cleanliness the fallen snowy on the roof of his cars with a broom .	The male is cleanliness off his motor .
entailment	Middle-aged mens cleanliness the fallen snow on the roof of his auto with a broom .	The mens is cleanliness off his auto .
entailment	Middle-aged mens cleanup the fallen snowy on the roof of his vehicle with a broom .	The males is cleaning off his motors .
entailment	Man and a women at the side of a table covered in books .	People near a lot of reading material .
entailment	Man and a woman at the side of a tables covered in ledger .	People near a lot of reading material .
entailment	Man and a woman at the side of a table covered in ledger .	People near a batch of reading materials .
entailment	Four females carry shoulder handbags are walking down a town sidewalk .	Four female are walking in the city .
entailment	Four females carry shoulder wallets are walking down a town pavement .	Four female are walking in the town .
entailment	Four woman carrying shoulder purses are walking down a town pavement .	Four women are walking in the city .
entailment	White dog play in the snow .	The dog enjoys the snow .
entailment	White dog playing in the snowy .	The dog enjoys the snowy .
entailment	White dog playing in the snow .	The dog enjoys the snowy .
entailment	Four females and two males are in a kitchen , cooking near a lengthy tables with a white tablecloth .	People cooking
entailment	Four females and two man are in a kitchen , cooks near a long tables with a white tablecloth .	People cooking
entailment	Four females and two men are in a kitchen , cook near a lengthy table with a white tablecloth .	People cooking
entailment	the white dog is carry a ball in its mouth .	The dog has a ball .
entailment	the white dog is carry a ball in its mouth .	The dog has a ball .
entailment	the white dog is carry a ball in its mouth .	The dog has a ball .
entailment	A white dog holds a tennis ball in its mouth in a field .	There is a dog with a ball outdoor .
entailment	A white dog holds a tennis ball in its mouth in a field .	There is a dog with a ball outdoor .
entailment	A white dog holds a tennis ball in its mouth in a field .	There is a dog with a ball outside .
entailment	A male in colorful shorts is surfer under a wave .	A male is surfing .
entailment	A man in colorful shorts is surfing under a wave .	A men is surfer .
entailment	A man in colorful shorts is surfer under a wave .	A man is surf .
entailment	A males falling off a bull as the animals jumps into the air .	An animal jumps as a man falls .
entailment	A mens falling off a bull as the zoo jumps into the jets .	An zoo jumps as a male falls .
entailment	A male falling off a bull as the animals jumps into the airline .	An animal jumps as a man falls .
entailment	An age woman is preparing food in the kitchen .	A female makes food .
entailment	An antique women is preparing food in the kitchen .	A female makes food .
entailment	An ancient female is preparing food in the kitchen .	A woman makes food .
entailment	Several people are waiting in a metro station .	The people are indoors .
entailment	Several people are waiting in a subway station .	The people are indoors .
entailment	Several people are wait in a metro station .	The people are indoors .
entailment	A small adolescence attired for winter stares across a lake while leaning on a mesh fences in a scenic park setting .	A little kids dressed for winter stares across a floating lake while leaning on a mesh fence
entailment	A petite youth clothed for winter stares across a lake while leaning on a mesh fencing in a scenic park setting .	A small miners clothed for winter stares across a floating lake while leaning on a mesh fence
entailment	A petite teens clothed for winter stares across a lake while leaning on a mesh fences in a scenic park setting .	A small adolescent attired for winter stares across a floating lake while leaning on a mesh fence
entailment	A little youngsters dressed for winter stares across a lake while leaning on a mesh fencing in a scenic park setting .	A small juveniles attired for winter stares across a lake while leaning on a mesh fence
entailment	A little youth clothed for winter stares across a lake while leaning on a mesh fence in a scenic park setting .	A small minors attired for winter stares across a lake while leaning on a mesh fence
entailment	A small youth dressed for winter stares across a lake while leaning on a mesh fencing in a scenic park setting .	A small kids attired for winter stares across a lake while leaning on a mesh fence
entailment	A small children attired for winter stares across a lake while leaning on a mesh fences in a scenic park setting .	A petite children attired for winter stares across a gigantic lake while leaning on a mesh fence
entailment	A small young attired for winter stares across a lake while leaning on a mesh fence in a scenic park setting .	A small minor attired for winter stares across a big lake while leaning on a mesh fence
entailment	A little teenaged attired for winter stares across a lake while leaning on a mesh fencing in a scenic park setting .	A little children dressed for winter stares across a gigantic lake while leaning on a mesh fence
entailment	Two wrestlers in an fierce matching .	Wrestlers are participating in a matches .
entailment	Two wrestlers in an intense match .	Wrestlers are participating in a matching .
entailment	Two wrestlers in an fierce match .	Wrestlers are participating in a match .
entailment	A males clothed in black and holding a packets in his hands is walking on a pavement near a policemen sign asking for witnesses to a road dealth to step forwards .	a men walks near a police sign
entailment	A males clothed in negro and holding a packing in his hands is walking on a sidewalk near a cops sign asking for witnesses to a road dealth to step forwards .	a masculine walks near a cop sign
entailment	A males dressed in black and holding a packets in his hands is walking on a sidewalk near a cop sign asking for witnesses to a routes dealth to step forwards .	a mens walks near a policing sign
entailment	A person belted into a bungee-jumping ride in midair .	A individuals is thrown into the planes by a bungee-jumping ride
entailment	A persons belted into a bungee-jumping ride in airplanes .	A individuals is thrown into the air by a bungee-jumping ride
entailment	A individuals belted into a bungee-jumping ride in airplane .	A individuals is thrown into the airliner by a bungee-jumping ride
entailment	An Asian masculine is performing with face paintings on .	The Asian man is a performer .
entailment	An Asian man is performing with face paint on .	The Asian mens is a performer .
entailment	An Asian man is performing with face paint on .	The Asian mens is a performer .
entailment	An age mens in a pink polo looks through a telescope with a petite youths standing next to him while others stand with their telescope in the background .	An archaic men in a pink polo looks through a telescope with a small young standing next to him .
entailment	An elder males in a pink polo looks through a telescopes with a petite youthful standing next to him while others stand with their telescope in the background .	An senior males in a pink polo looks through a telescope with a small juvenile standing next to him .
entailment	An elders mens in a pink polo looks through a telescope with a small miner standing next to him while others stand with their telescope in the background .	An outdated man in a pink polo looks through a telescopes with a small child standing next to him .
entailment	Two dogs are digging under a gigantic rock with their bottoms to the camera .	Dogs are digging a hole .
entailment	Two dogs are digs under a gigantic rock with their bottoms to the camera .	Dogs are excavation a hole .
entailment	Two dogs are excavating under a mammoth rock with their bottoms to the camera .	Dogs are digs a hole .
entailment	Four woman competitively rollerskating around an areas .	Women rollerskating around an are
entailment	Four women competitively rollerskating around an area .	Women rollerskating around an are
entailment	Four female competitively rollerskating around an spheres .	Women rollerskating around an are
entailment	Two dogs are dig under a heavy rock with their bottoms to the camera .	Two dogs are digs under a rock .
entailment	Two dogs are digs under a hefty rock with their bottoms to the camera .	Two dogs are digs under a rock .
entailment	Two dogs are dig under a enormous rock with their bottoms to the camera .	Two dogs are dig under a rock .
entailment	The brown , furry zoo is walking in the snow grass with a tree behind him .	There is a furry zoo in the grass .
entailment	The brown , furry animal is walking in the snowy grass with a trees behind him .	There is a furry animals in the grass .
entailment	The brown , furry zoo is walking in the snowy grass with a trees behind him .	There is a furry zoo in the grass .
entailment	A person is hanging on to the bottom of an aerial preparing to skydive .	Someone is flying through the sky
entailment	A persons is hanging on to the bottom of an airline preparing to skydive .	Someone is flying through the sky
entailment	A individuals is hanging on to the bottom of an midair preparing to skydive .	Someone is flying through the sky
entailment	A masculine on one miniature train passes a circular object to a masculine on another train as they pass by .	A mens is riding a tiny train and sees another man on a diverse train .
entailment	A males on one miniature train passes a circular object to a mens on another train as they pass by .	A man is riding a tiny train and sees another men on a assorted train .
entailment	A men on one miniature train passes a circular object to a masculine on another train as they pass by .	A man is riding a tiny train and sees another mens on a numerous train .
entailment	Four people wearing backpacks walking in a line along a mountain trail .	Four people are walking along a mountain trail .
entailment	Four people wearing backpacks walking in a line along a mountain trail .	Four people are walking along a mountain trail .
entailment	Four people wearing backpacks walking in a line along a mountain trail .	Four people are walking along a mountain trail .
entailment	A silver automobile is passing by the entrances of the Hotel Carmel , and assorted people are outer .	There are people outboard the hotel .
entailment	A silver vehicular is passing by the entrance of the Hotel Carmel , and varied people are outboard .	There are people outside the hotel .
entailment	A silver vehicle is passing by the entrances of the Hotel Carmel , and varied people are outboard .	There are people outside the hotel .
entailment	A female wearing purple and carrying a purses is walking out of a gate .	A female was indoors before walking outdoor .
entailment	A woman wearing purple and carry a bags is walking out of a door .	A women was indoors before walking outside .
entailment	A woman wearing purple and carry a pockets is walking out of a gate .	A female was indoors prior walking outer .
entailment	A traveller wearing a life jacket prepares to take a photograph of a whaler very close to the surveys .	A masculine is using a camera .
entailment	A passengers wearing a vie jacket prepares to take a images of a whale very close to the browse .	A male is using a camera .
entailment	A traveller wearing a life jacket prepares to take a photographing of a whaler very close to the navigation .	A mens is using a camera .
entailment	Small dog in costume stands on hind legs to reach dangling flower .	A petite animal is trying to get some plants vie .
entailment	Small dog in costume stands on hind legs to reach dangling flower .	A petite zoo is trying to get some plant life .
entailment	Small dog in costume stands on hind legs to reach dangling flowering .	A petite animals is trying to get some plant vie .
entailment	The dog is in snow , and has a stick in its mouth .	There is an animal outdoors .
entailment	The dog is in snowy , and has a stick in its mouth .	There is an zoo outdoors .
entailment	The dog is in snowy , and has a stick in its mouth .	There is an zoo outdoors .
entailment	A masculine in a boom lifting pail welds .	A mens is working .
entailment	A mens in a boom hoist pail welds .	A men is working .
entailment	A masculine in a boom lifted pail welds .	A males is working .
entailment	A grouping of cleaners are sweep up animal stools from the street during a parade or festival .	A panels of cleaners after a parade .
entailment	A groups of cleaners are sweep up animals saddles from the street during a parade or festival .	A grouping of cleaners after a parade .
entailment	A panels of cleaners are sweeping up animal feces from the street during a parade or festival .	A panel of cleaners after a parade .
entailment	A smaller dark-haired females with red sun visor holding an open white umbrella amidst a crowd of people	A raven haired woman is seen by the crowd holding a white openings umbrella .
entailment	A youths dark-haired women with red sun visor holding an openings white umbrella amidst a crowd of people	A raven haired female is seen by the crowd holding a white opened umbrella .
entailment	A teenaged dark-haired women with red sun visor holding an opened white umbrella amidst a crowd of people	A raven haired females is seen by the crowd holding a white opening umbrella .
entailment	Two basketball gamers on opposed teams , one in white , the other in red , are mid-game , running down the courts , white-uniform player with ball-in-hand .	A panel of people are playing basketball .
entailment	Two basketball players on opposed teams , one in white , the other in red , are mid-game , running down the court , white-uniform player with ball-in-hand .	A group of people are play basketball .
entailment	Two basketball players on opposing teams , one in white , the other in red , are mid-game , running down the courts , white-uniform player with ball-in-hand .	A group of people are play basketball .
entailment	A groups of people are outside working .	People are busy .
entailment	A grouping of people are outdoor working .	People are busy .
entailment	A panel of people are outboard working .	People are busy .
entailment	A female sitting with a guitar conversations to a male sitting with an umbrella .	A women is discussions .
entailment	A woman sitting with a guitar conversations to a men sitting with an umbrella .	A women is conversations .
entailment	A females sitting with a guitar conversations to a males sitting with an umbrella .	A female is conversation .
entailment	There 's a red bus making a left turning into a traffic circle that has a sprays system .	A red bus making a turn
entailment	There 's a red bus making a left turn into a traffic circle that has a sprays system .	A red bus making a turn
entailment	There 's a red bus making a left turn into a traffic circle that has a sprinkler system .	A red bus making a turn
entailment	Two mens are burden bales of wheat on top of a high structure on a cloudy day .	There are clouds in the sky .
entailment	Two mens are burden bales of wheat on top of a high structure on a overcast day .	There are clouds in the sky .
entailment	Two men are burdens bales of wheat on top of a high structure on a overcast day .	There are clouds in the sky .
entailment	People demonstrations seniors discrimination in an arranged street rally .	People are rally .
entailment	People demonstrations elders discrimination in an arranged street rallying .	People are rallying .
entailment	People protest elder discrimination in an arranging street rallying .	People are rally .
entailment	People protests aged discrimination in an organize street rallying .	People are standing in a street .
entailment	People protests elder discrimination in an organize street rallying .	People are standing in a street .
entailment	People protesting antique discrimination in an organize street rallying .	People are standing in a street .
entailment	An antiquated females is searching at herself in the mirrors at a table with cosmetics .	the archaic dame looks into the mirrors at the makeup table
entailment	An archaic woman is searches at herself in the mirrored at a tables with cosmetics .	the senior lady looks into the mirrored at the makeup table
entailment	An antiquated woman is searching at herself in the mirrors at a table with cosmetics .	the outdated lady looks into the mirrors at the makeup table
entailment	three teenager wearing t-shirt run down the beach , with multiple other people in the background .	a number of miner people run on a beach
entailment	three youthful wearing t-shirt run down the beach , with varying other people in the background .	a number of teen people run on a beach
entailment	three juveniles wearing t-shirt run down the beach , with varying other people in the background .	a number of juvenile people run on a beach
entailment	A teenager girl in a pink shirt playing with her barbie .	The children girl is play with a toy .
entailment	A teenagers girl in a pink shirt playing with her barbie .	The teenagers girl is playing with a toy .
entailment	A teenager girl in a pink shirt play with her barbie .	The kid daughters is play with a toy .
entailment	A male singer , attired in a long purple pea coat , holding an electrified guitar , singing into a mics , while a masculine in goggles and wearing headphones , plays drumming , with purple drapery hanging in the background .	a singer in a pea coat
entailment	A mens singer , attired in a long purple pea coat , holding an electrified guitar , sing into a mics , while a masculine in eyeglasses and wearing headsets , plays drums , with purple drapery hanging in the background .	a singer in a pea coat
entailment	A men singer , attired in a long purple pea coat , holding an electrical guitar , sing into a microphone , while a male in eyeglasses and wearing headphones , plays drumming , with purple drapery hanging in the background .	a singer in a pea coat
entailment	Overly dramatic couple pose for a photos where an `` angry `` man `` chokes '' a women who sticks out her tongue .	A man chokes a woman
entailment	Overly dramatic couple pose for a photos where an `` angry `` men `` chokes '' a female who sticks out her tongue .	A mens chokes a woman
entailment	Overly dramatic couple pose for a picture where an `` angry `` men `` chokes '' a females who sticks out her tongue .	A men chokes a woman
entailment	A girl in a hat steers her electrical wheelchair .	A girls in a wheelchair .
entailment	A daughter in a hat steers her electrified wheelchair .	A daughter in a wheelchair .
entailment	A girls in a hat steers her electric wheelchair .	A daughters in a wheelchair .
entailment	A vehicles is upload with item on the top .	The car has stuff on top .
entailment	A vehicles is loading with item on the top .	The cars has stuff on top .
entailment	A vehicular is loads with item on the top .	The motors has stuff on top .
entailment	An elder mens , likely a blacksmith , is weld a tool , seen by the red hot scorching look of it .	An old man , probably a blacksmith , is soldering a tool , seen by the red hot scorching look of it .
entailment	An older men , likely a blacksmith , is soldering a tool , seen by the red hot scorching look of it .	An aging masculine , probably a blacksmith , is welder a tool , seen by the red hot scorching look of it .
entailment	An aged mens , likely a blacksmith , is welding a tool , seen by the red hot scorching look of it .	An elderly males , probably a blacksmith , is weld a tool , seen by the red hot scorching look of it .
entailment	An old mens , likely a blacksmith , is welding a tool , seen by the red hot scorching look of it .	A probable blacksmith is soldering a tool .
entailment	An elder men , likely a blacksmith , is welding a tool , seen by the red hot scorching look of it .	A probable blacksmith is soldering a tool .
entailment	An old man , likely a blacksmith , is welding a tool , seen by the red hot scorching look of it .	A probable blacksmith is soldering a tool .
entailment	A men in a red shirt and a mens in a brown shirt smiling at the camera and holding up a sign .	Two mens display a sign to the camera .
entailment	A man in a red shirt and a mens in a brown shirt smiling at the camera and holding up a sign .	Two males display a sign to the camera .
entailment	A men in a red shirt and a men in a brown shirt smiling at the camera and holding up a sign .	Two men display a sign to the camera .
entailment	A males in a white shirt and gray slack hitting a golfing ball on a golf course , with tree and power lines in the background .	A mens is hitting a golfing ball .
entailment	A man in a white shirt and grey slack hitting a golfer ball on a golfer course , with trees and power lines in the background .	A males is hitting a golf ball .
entailment	A masculine in a white shirt and gray loose hitting a golfer ball on a golfing course , with tree and power lines in the background .	A males is hitting a golf ball .
entailment	A males in green underclothes and blue shirt pushing a cart .	There is a man wearing cloths .
entailment	A mens in green underpants and blue shirt pushing a cart .	There is a masculine wearing cloths .
entailment	A men in green slacks and blue shirt pushing a cart .	There is a male wearing cloths .
entailment	A masculine wearing a negro jacket stands next to a body of water .	A persons is exterior near some water .
entailment	A male wearing a negro jacket stands next to a agency of water .	A individuals is outside near some water .
entailment	A male wearing a black jacket stands next to a organ of water .	A persons is outboard near some water .
entailment	A dog jumps over a piling of wooden .	A dog can leap .
entailment	A dog jumps over a pile of timber .	A dog can leap .
entailment	A dog jumps over a piling of woods .	A dog can jump .
entailment	Two guys play soccer , one in red and the other in blue .	The masculine are play soccer .
entailment	Two guys playing soccer , one in red and the other in blue .	The males are playing soccer .
entailment	Two guys playing soccer , one in red and the other in blue .	The masculine are play soccer .
entailment	A well dressed archaic woman standing in front of a bus decorated with photos of purple flower .	A female is standing in front of a well decorated bus .
entailment	A well attired archaic women standing in front of a bus decorated with photography of purple flower .	A woman is standing in front of a well decorated bus .
entailment	A well clothed elder female standing in front of a bus decorated with photographs of purple flowering .	A females is standing in front of a well decorated bus .
entailment	A tennis player in a pink outfit serves the ball to her adversary .	The females hits a ball .
entailment	A tennis player in a pink outfit serves the ball to her opponent .	The females hits a ball .
entailment	A tennis player in a pink outfit serves the ball to her opponent .	The women hits a ball .
entailment	Small girl riding in play car .	A girl is riding in a toy vehicle .
entailment	Small girls riding in playing autos .	A daughters is riding in a toy motors .
entailment	Small daughters riding in playing cars .	A girl is riding in a toy vehicular .
entailment	A teenager men standing outer a laundromat .	A male is standing .
entailment	A underage male standing exterior a laundromat .	A males is standing .
entailment	A miners man standing outer a laundromat .	A male is standing .
entailment	A teen on a swing .	A adolescence is on the swing .
entailment	A children on a swing .	A teenaged is on the swing .
entailment	A juvenile on a swing .	A underage is on the swing .
entailment	A mens is performing for a group in front of a white house .	The masculine 's performance was outdoor of a housing .
entailment	A man is performing for a group in front of a white house .	The masculine 's performance was outer of a housing .
entailment	A males is performing for a groups in front of a white housing .	The males 's performance was outside of a housing .
entailment	a negro dog hunting a boy wearing red and blue .	a dog pursues a boy
entailment	a negro dog chases a boy wearing red and blue .	a dog hunt a boy
entailment	a negro dog chasing a boy wearing red and blue .	a dog hunts a boy
entailment	A males sits behind a decorated tables indoor a room with fabrics draped down the walls .	Man sitting near tables in a fabric-draped room .
entailment	A male sits behind a decorated table inside a room with fabrics draped down the walls .	Man sitting near tables in a fabric-draped room .
entailment	A masculine sits behind a decorated tables internal a rooms with fabrics draped down the walls .	Man sitting near table in a fabric-draped room .
entailment	A blond women with a tattoo of on an angel on her arm walking down the street , a concrete wall in the background .	A person with a tattoo
entailment	A blond females with a tattoo of on an angel on her arm walking down the street , a concrete wall in the background .	A persons with a tattoo
entailment	A blond woman with a tattoo of on an angels on her arm walking down the street , a concrete wall in the background .	A individuals with a tattoo
entailment	A females looks at a photograph and framing tools while standing in a sparse building with woods floors and bare white walls .	There is a persons in a room .
entailment	A females looks at a photograph and framing tools while standing in a sparse building with woods floors and naked white walls .	There is a individuals in a rooms .
entailment	A woman looks at a photos and framing tools while standing in a sparse building with wooden floors and bare white walls .	There is a persons in a rooms .
entailment	A child girl jumps off her swing in front of building .	girls jumps off swing
entailment	A youthful girls jumps off her swing in front of building .	girls jumps off swing
entailment	A juvenile girl jumps off her swing in front of building .	girls jumps off swing
entailment	A groups is walking between two giant rock formations .	A panels is walking .
entailment	A panels is walking between two giant rock formations .	A grouping is walking .
entailment	A panel is walking between two giant rock formations .	A group is walking .
entailment	Four people walk across stepping stones in a bodies of water .	Four people are standing up .
entailment	Four people walk across stepping stones in a bodies of water .	Four people are standing up .
entailment	Four people walk across stepping stones in a organs of water .	Four people are standing up .
entailment	An age man sifts water through his fingers as a underage toddler clocks from inner the water .	A man is near a toddler
entailment	An older males sifts water through his fingers as a youths toddler clocks from interior the water .	A man is near a toddler
entailment	An antiquated mens sifts water through his fingers as a teen toddler watches from inside the water .	A men is near a toddler
entailment	The woman is photographed statues outdoors on a sunny day .	Women photograph statues
entailment	The woman is images statues outdoors on a sunny day .	Women photographer statues
entailment	The female is images statues outdoors on a sunny day .	Women photo statues
entailment	A underage daughter is wearing a blue patterned swimwear , a negro and yellow swimming caps and has blue swimming goggles on her head .	Girl attired in colorful swimming gear .
entailment	A juvenile daughters is wearing a blue patterned swimsuit , a negro and yellow swim ceilings and has blue swim goggles on her head .	Girl dressed in colorful swimming gear .
entailment	A adolescent daughters is wearing a blue patterned swimsuit , a negro and yellow swimming ceilings and has blue swimming eyeglasses on her head .	Girl clothed in colorful swimming gear .
entailment	Several women wearing dresses dances in the forests .	there are numerous women
entailment	Several women wearing dresses dance in the forester .	there are varied women
entailment	Several females wearing dresses dance in the woodland .	there are various women
entailment	A male in purple tie is sung .	A male is sings .
entailment	A masculine in purple tie is sing .	A male is sings .
entailment	A masculine in purple tie is sung .	A masculine is sing .
entailment	A worker shoveling dirt into a wheelbarrow .	A worker uses a shovel .
entailment	A worker shoveling filth into a wheelbarrow .	A worker utilizes a shovel .
entailment	A worker shoveling filth into a wheelbarrow .	A worker utilizes a shovel .
entailment	An aging gray-haired masculine with sunglasses in a grey t-shirt is working on a sculpture .	The mens is old
entailment	An aged gray-haired mens with sunglasses in a gray t-shirt is working on a sculpture .	The masculine is old
entailment	An aged gray-haired man with sunglasses in a grey t-shirt is working on a sculpture .	The man is old
entailment	Four man in the forester move a cannon down the road .	The mens are in the wooden .
entailment	Four males in the forests move a canon down the pathway .	The man are in the woods .
entailment	Four males in the forest move a canon down the road .	The mens are in the wood .
entailment	A petite girls drawing with chalk , on a chalkboard .	A miner girls is drawing on a blackboard .
entailment	A petite daughters drawing with chalk , on a chalkboard .	A adolescence daughters is drawing on a chalkboard .
entailment	A small daughter drawing with chalk , on a blackboard .	A youngsters girls is drawing on a blackboard .
entailment	A lady in a white tank and shorts fixing a timber drawer .	The females is wearing shorts .
entailment	A dame in a white tank and shorts fixing a wood drawer .	The women is wearing shorts .
entailment	A dame in a white tank and shorts fixing a wooden drawer .	The female is wearing shorts .
entailment	A boy in a green shirt on a skateboarding on a stone wall with graffiti	A boy riding a skateboard on a stone wall .
entailment	A boy in a green shirt on a skateboard on a stone wall with graffiti	A boy riding a skateboarding on a stone wall .
entailment	A boy in a green shirt on a skateboarding on a stone wall with graffiti	A boy riding a skateboard on a stone wall .
entailment	A racer on a bikes silo one hand in the airplane .	A individuals on a motorbike .
entailment	A runner on a motorbikes silo one hand in the aviation .	A persons on a motorbike .
entailment	A runner on a bicycling silo one hand in the airlines .	A person on a bicycle .
entailment	An elders woman with short red-hair is preparing food in a kitchen .	An elderly women is in the kitchen .
entailment	An aging females with short red-hair is preparing food in a kitchen .	An aging woman is in the kitchen .
entailment	An elders females with short red-hair is preparing food in a kitchen .	An aging woman is in the kitchen .
entailment	Two females are eating lollipops - the blond female is wearing a button and the one with brown hairstyle and a scarf has her eyes closed .	Two women are eating lollipops .
entailment	Two woman are eating lollipops - the blond females is wearing a button and the one with brown hair and a scarf has her eyes closed .	Two female are eating lollipops .
entailment	Two women are eating lollipops - the blond women is wearing a button and the one with brown hairdo and a scarf has her eyes closed .	Two female are eating lollipops .
entailment	A male is giving another male a haircut while three other guys stand around .	A guy is getting his hairstyle trimmed .
entailment	A male is giving another men a haircut while three other guys stand around .	A guy is getting his hairdo trimmed .
entailment	A man is giving another masculine a haircut while three other guys stand around .	A guy is getting his hairdo trimmed .
entailment	Men at a party hanging out on the front porch .	There are male at the party .
entailment	Men at a party hanging out on the front porch .	There are mens at the parties .
entailment	Men at a parties hanging out on the front porch .	There are male at the party .
entailment	A man and two woman are walking down a wooded routes , the males is pushing a children minors in a three wheeled carriage .	A mens and a couple of females take a walk .
entailment	A males and two females are walking down a wooded road , the mens is pushing a young young in a three wheeled carriage .	A male and a couple of females take a walk .
entailment	A male and two females are walking down a wooded routes , the masculine is pushing a youth kids in a three wheeled carriage .	A mens and a couple of female take a walk .
entailment	A males and two female are walking down a wooded routing , the man is pushing a teenager teen in a three wheels carriage .	A man and a pair of females are walking down a wooden paths , with the mens is pushing a adolescent minors in a three wheeled carriage .
entailment	A males and two females are walking down a wooded route , the men is pushing a teenaged youngsters in a three wheel carriage .	A males and a pair of women are walking down a wooden paths , with the mens is pushing a young juvenile in a three wheeled carriage .
entailment	A masculine and two women are walking down a wooded road , the males is pushing a youth adolescent in a three wheel carriage .	A masculine and a pair of female are walking down a timber road , with the males is pushing a kid adolescence in a three wheels carriage .
entailment	Girls giving a presentations for a school class .	The daughter are internal a school .
entailment	Girls giving a presentations for a school class .	The girls are inland a school .
entailment	Girls giving a presentation for a school class .	The daughters are inside a school .
entailment	The back of a woman wearing a white jacket with blue jeans walking toward a flock of birds .	Someone individuals was near a bunch of birds .
entailment	The back of a female wearing a white jacket with blue jeans walking toward a herd of birds .	Someone persons was near a bunch of birds .
entailment	The back of a females wearing a white jacket with blue jeans walking toward a flock of birds .	Someone person was near a bunch of birds .
entailment	A aged man with gray hair wearing a gray suit next to a green and yellow taxis .	A aging masculine with gray hairstyle wearing a gray suit .
entailment	A archaic men with grey hairstyle wearing a grey suit next to a green and yellow taxi .	A antique man with grey hairdo wearing a grey suit .
entailment	A antique males with grey hairdo wearing a gray suit next to a green and yellow taxis .	A elderly masculine with gray hair wearing a gray suit .
entailment	The mens in conceal trousers telephones 911 for the mens in black sneakers who is lies on the ground having a heart attack .	The males are using a phone .
entailment	The man in conceal trousers phones 911 for the mens in negro sneakers who is lurks on the ground having a heart attack .	The male are using a phone .
entailment	The male in conceal slacks telephones 911 for the male in black sneakers who is lurks on the ground having a heart attack .	The man are using a telephone .
entailment	A choir of teenaged are singing .	a choir of youngsters are singing
entailment	A choir of kid are sing .	a choir of youthful are singing
entailment	A choir of kids are sung .	a choir of youths are singing
entailment	A newspapers delivery males smiles as he walks down a sidewalk holding his papers on top of his head .	Something that is shown in the shot is made of paper .
entailment	A newspapers delivery male smiles as he walks down a pavement holding his papers on top of his head .	Something that is shown in the shot is made of paper .
entailment	A journal delivery man smiles as he walks down a sidewalk holding his papers on top of his head .	Something that is shown in the shot is made of paper .
entailment	A males and a woman are on a seesaw .	Two adults on a seesaw .
entailment	A man and a female are on a seesaw .	Two grownups on a seesaw .
entailment	A masculine and a woman are on a seesaw .	Two adults on a seesaw .
entailment	The back of a women wearing a white jacket with blue jeans walking toward a flock of birds .	There were some birds near a female .
entailment	The back of a female wearing a white jacket with blue jeans walking towards a flock of birds .	There were some birds near a females .
entailment	The back of a females wearing a white jacket with blue jeans walking toward a flock of birds .	There were some birds near a women .
entailment	The individuals is reading a book .	A persons reads .
entailment	The persons is reading a book .	A persons reads .
entailment	The individuals is reading a book .	A persons reads .
entailment	A mens wearing a straw hat sitting in a chair holding the leash on a dog who is laying on the pavement next to him .	A male is holding the leash of a dog .
entailment	A man wearing a straw hat sitting in a chair holding the leash on a dog who is laying on the sidewalk next to him .	A males is holding the leash of a dog .
entailment	A man wearing a straw hat sitting in a chair holding the leash on a dog who is laying on the pavement next to him .	A mens is holding the leash of a dog .
entailment	Sexy minor masculine stand on a balcony having a heated conversation .	Young man are arguing .
entailment	Sexy youngsters mens stand on a balcony having a heated talking .	Young mens are arguing .
entailment	Sexy teen males stand on a balcony having a heated conversations .	Young man are arguing .
entailment	A small boy with an orange wallets walks under a trees through the woods .	A boy walks through the wooden .
entailment	A small boy with an orange sac walks under a tree through the wooden .	A boy walks through the wooden .
entailment	A small boy with an orange bags walks under a trees through the lumber .	A boy walks through the wooden .
entailment	A groups of child mens are running in a grassy field .	The male are outboard .
entailment	A panel of teenaged masculine are running in a grassy field .	The males are outer .
entailment	A groups of young men are running in a grassy field .	The man are outdoor .
entailment	A males wearing a gray tank top is collections a red rose from a females who is wearing a white dress	A men takes a flowers from a women .
entailment	A man wearing a gray tank top is collects a red rose from a women who is wearing a white dress	A masculine takes a flower from a woman .
entailment	A mens wearing a grey tank top is collect a red rose from a woman who is wearing a white dress	A man takes a flowering from a woman .
entailment	A masculine wearing a gray tank top is collects a red rose from a woman who is wearing a white dress	A couple interacts .
entailment	A men wearing a grey tank top is collected a red rose from a female who is wearing a white dress	A couple interacts .
entailment	A masculine wearing a grey tank top is collect a red rose from a female who is wearing a white dress	A couple interacts .
entailment	A little baby wearing a blue outfit is grabbing some fruit .	A little baby is wearing blue .
entailment	A small baby wearing a blue outfit is grabbing some fruit .	A small baby is wearing blue .
entailment	A little baby wearing a blue outfit is grabbing some fruit .	A petite baby is wearing blue .
entailment	A female is applying lip makeup to another females who seems to have some green in her hair .	The girl is getting made up
entailment	A woman is applying lip makeup to another women who seems to have some green in her hairstyle .	The daughters is getting made up
entailment	A female is applying lip makeup to another female who seems to have some green in her hairstyle .	The daughters is getting made up
entailment	There is a females in a white tank top and conceal panties with a overwhelming negro belt on a stage holding a mics .	A woman is on stage holding a mics .
entailment	There is a females in a white tank top and disguise undergarments with a enormous negro belt on a stage holding a microphone .	A female is on stage holding a microphone .
entailment	There is a females in a white tank top and camouflage panties with a hefty negro belt on a stages holding a microphone .	A female is on stage holding a mics .
entailment	Woman wearing an orange scarf holding a movable .	A female is holding a notepad .
entailment	Woman wearing an orange scarf holding a notebook .	A female is holding a mobiles .
entailment	Woman wearing an orange scarf holding a mobile .	A woman is holding a mobiles .
entailment	A females in a headscarf sitting in front of a looms .	a female is sitting
entailment	A females in a headscarf sitting in front of a looms .	a females is sitting
entailment	A women in a headscarf sitting in front of a looms .	a females is sitting
entailment	Dog running with pet toy being chased by another dog .	dog is running and being chased by another dog
entailment	Dog running with pet toy being chased by another dog .	dog is running and being chased by another dog
entailment	Dog running with pet toy being chased by another dog .	dog is running and being chased by another dog
entailment	A masculine wearing an oxford shirt , glasses , and a hat smirks .	A mens with his outfit
entailment	A man wearing an oxford shirt , sunglasses , and a hat smirks .	A man with his outfit
entailment	A men wearing an oxford shirt , spectacles , and a hat smirks .	A male with his outfit
entailment	Women are working and excavation in a field .	Women are excavating .
entailment	Women are working and digs in a field .	Women are excavation .
entailment	Women are working and excavation in a field .	Women are digging .
entailment	Politician John McCain on a talk show .	John McCain is on a talk show .
entailment	Politician John McCain on a talk show .	John McCain is on a talk show .
entailment	Politician John McCain on a talk show .	John McCain is on a talk show .
entailment	Pedestrians use the crosswalks as traffic await their turning to drive through an crossroads .	Traffic waits for people to crossing the street .
entailment	Pedestrians use the crosswalks as traffic await their turning to drive through an intersection .	Traffic waits for people to cross the street .
entailment	Pedestrians use the crosswalks as traffic await their turn to drive through an crossroads .	Traffic waits for people to crossing the street .
entailment	Several people including a youngsters and a clown are walking towards a snow sidewalk	Many people walk to the pavement .
entailment	Several people including a teenage and a clown are walking towards a snowy sidewalk	Many people walk to the pavement .
entailment	Several people including a children and a clown are walking towards a snowy sidewalk	Many people walk to the sidewalk .
entailment	Person in a long red coat walking in front of a building .	A men in a coat takes a stroll outdoors .
entailment	Person in a lengthy red coat walking in front of a building .	A men in a coat takes a stroll outdoors .
entailment	Person in a long red coat walking in front of a building .	A male in a coat takes a stroll outdoors .
entailment	Two teens and a woman climbing up the stairs on a metallic electrified pole-like structure .	A females and two children climbing up the stairs
entailment	Two teenager and a female climbing up the stairs on a metals electric pole-like structure .	A woman and two adolescents climb up the stairs
entailment	Two kid and a female climbing up the stairs on a metals electricity pole-like structure .	A female and two children climbing up the stairs
entailment	A teenagers Asian miners stands at the top of some steps and does n't seem to notices the persons taking their photo .	Someone is taking a photographing of a youngsters .
entailment	A minor Asian youngsters stands at the top of some steps and does n't seem to notice the individuals taking their photography .	Someone is taking a image of a adolescence .
entailment	A youths Asian teen stands at the top of some steps and does n't seem to notice the individuals taking their images .	Someone is taking a images of a children .
entailment	A teenager rides a cyclist in a sunny neighborhood .	a child is riding his bike
entailment	A young rides a bicycles in a sunny neighborhood .	a young is riding his bike
entailment	A smaller rides a mopeds in a sunny neighborhood .	a teenage is riding his bike
entailment	A woman wearing colonial garment is sitting on the grass reading to a juveniles daughter .	People are outboard .
entailment	A women wearing colonial sportswear is sitting on the grass reading to a minors girl .	People are outboard .
entailment	A women wearing colonial sportswear is sitting on the grass reading to a child daughter .	People are outdoor .
entailment	An seniors caucasians couple is having their photographs taken by a stone statue of a males and females kissing .	The couple standing by a statue are having their pictures taken .
entailment	An antique caucasian couple is having their images taken by a stone statue of a men and woman kiss .	The couple standing by a statue are having their photo taken .
entailment	An older caucasian couple is having their image taken by a stone statue of a male and female kissing .	The couple standing by a statue are having their photographer taken .
entailment	Three performers are on the stage floor in black lace costumes .	Three performers wear lace costumes .
entailment	Three performers are on the stages floor in negro lace costumes .	Three performers wear lace costumes .
entailment	Three performers are on the stage floor in black lace costumes .	Three performers wear lace costumes .
entailment	A small daughters in a gray jacket is riding her cyclist .	A mankind is riding a vehicular .
entailment	A small daughter in a gray jacket is riding her mopeds .	A humanity is riding a autos .
entailment	A petite daughters in a grey jacket is riding her moped .	A human is riding a motor .
entailment	A mens is sitting on the floor , slumber .	A man is sleeping on the floor .
entailment	A mens is sitting on the floor , sleeping .	A mens is slumber on the floor .
entailment	A men is sitting on the floor , sleeping .	A mens is sleep on the floor .
entailment	Three people are outdoor .	Three people in nature .
entailment	Three people are exterior .	Three people in nature .
entailment	Three people are outdoor .	Three people in nature .
entailment	Uniformed groups walks down a street .	A group of people walk down the street .
entailment	Uniformed panels walks down a street .	A grouping of people walk down the street .
entailment	Uniformed panels walks down a street .	A group of people walk down the street .
entailment	Two daughter , one with dark hair , wearing eyeglasses and red underclothes , the other with a blue shirt and jeans with blond-hair discussions and walking down a pavement .	Two people are outer walking together .
entailment	Two daughter , one with dark hairstyle , wearing spectacles and red underclothes , the other with a blue shirt and jeans with blond-hair conversations and walking down a sidewalk .	Two people are outer walking together .
entailment	Two daughter , one with dark hairstyle , wearing glasses and red undergarments , the other with a blue shirt and jeans with blond-hair discussions and walking down a sidewalk .	Two people are outdoor walking together .
entailment	Two adolescents boys are play in a fountain in a city plaza .	Kids are splashing around in a fountain .
entailment	Two youth boys are play in a fountain in a town plaza .	Kids are splashing around in a fountain .
entailment	Two youths boys are playing in a fountain in a city plaza .	Kids are splashing around in a fountain .
entailment	Two youth boys are playing in a fountain in a city plaza .	Kids are are standing in a fountain .
entailment	Two adolescence boys are playing in a fountain in a town plaza .	Kids are are standing in a fountain .
entailment	Two youngsters boys are playing in a fountain in a town plaza .	Kids are are standing in a fountain .
entailment	A males is sitting on the floor , slept .	A smaller man is sleep while in the sitting stance .
entailment	A men is sitting on the floor , sleeping .	A teen masculine is sleeping while in the sitting position .
entailment	A mens is sitting on the floor , slept .	A youthful men is slumber while in the sitting stance .
entailment	A male in a negro hat opening his mouth .	A person separates his greatest and lower jaw .
entailment	A males in a black hat openings his mouth .	A persons separates his larger and lower jaw .
entailment	A masculine in a negro hat openings his mouth .	A individuals separates his upper and lower jaw .
entailment	A female in a pink top is holding a glass bottle in one hand and a Stitch doll in the other .	The top is pink
entailment	A females in a pink top is holding a glass bottle in one hand and a Stitch doll in the other .	The top is pink
entailment	A females in a pink top is holding a glass bottle in one hand and a Stitch doll in the other .	The top is pink
entailment	A mens jumps off a cliff with a town view below .	Man jumps off cliff near city .
entailment	A mens jumps off a cliff with a city view below .	Man jumps off cliff near town .
entailment	A mens jumps off a cliff with a city view below .	Man jumps off cliff near city .
entailment	A juvenile women cooking a meal in a wok while conversing with another woman , as an illuminated shrine to Mr. T looks on .	A teens female stands near a stove .
entailment	A teenagers female cooking a meal in a wok while conversing with another female , as an lighted shrine to Mr. T looks on .	A adolescence women stands near a stove .
entailment	A smaller female cook a meal in a wok while conversing with another woman , as an illuminated shrine to Mr. T looks on .	A smaller female stands near a stove .
entailment	Two females are in a little kitchen , with a illuminated up portrait of Mr. T in the background .	They are in the kitchen .
entailment	Two woman are in a little kitchen , with a illuminated up portrait of Mr. T in the background .	They are in the kitchen .
entailment	Two woman are in a small kitchen , with a lighted up portrait of Mr. T in the background .	They are in the kitchen .
entailment	Two females are in a small kitchen , with a illuminated up portrait of Mr. T in the background .	They are indoors .
entailment	Two females are in a little kitchen , with a lighted up portrait of Mr. T in the background .	They are indoors .
entailment	Two women are in a little kitchen , with a lighted up portrait of Mr. T in the background .	They are indoors .
entailment	The mens wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .	A male is grilling .
entailment	The masculine wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .	A male is grilling .
entailment	The man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .	A men is grilling .
entailment	Two mens entering a brick home during the snowy .	There is snow outside
entailment	Two men entering a brick home during the snow .	There is snow outside
entailment	Two masculine entering a brick home during the snowy .	There is snowy outside
entailment	A males with glasses is poking at a trees with a pole .	A mankind poking
entailment	A men with sunglasses is poking at a trees with a poles .	A humanity poking
entailment	A man with goggles is poking at a tree with a poles .	A human poking
entailment	Two construction workers perched on an I beam , assemble a building frame .	The man are working on something .
entailment	Two construction workers perched on an I beam , assembling a building frame .	The man are working on something .
entailment	Two construction workers perched on an I beam , assemble a building frame .	The men are working on something .
entailment	Two girls holding backpack walking down the sidewalk .	Two females are holding sacks .
entailment	Two daughters holding handbags walking down the sidewalk .	Two woman are holding sacs .
entailment	Two girl holding purse walking down the sidewalk .	Two women are holding sacks .
entailment	A females , wearing a colorful bikini , rests laying down next to the blue water .	A women in a bikini lays near the water .
entailment	A female , wearing a colorful bikini , rests laying down next to the blue water .	A females in a bikini lays near the water .
entailment	A woman , wearing a colorful bikini , rests laying down next to the blue water .	A woman in a bikini lays near the water .
entailment	Two females sitting at a table with their hands together .	Two females are sitting down .
entailment	Two women sitting at a table with their hands together .	Two female are sitting down .
entailment	Two female sitting at a table with their hands together .	Two women are sitting down .
entailment	Hikers walk along some difficult terrain .	Hiking pace along crude terrain .
entailment	Hikers walk along some strenuous terrain .	Hiking pace along crude terrain .
entailment	Hikers walk along some harsh terrain .	Hiking pace along coarse terrain .
entailment	People are sitting in a cheery Mexican restaurant .	People are in an racist establishment
entailment	People are sitting in a cheery Mexican restaurant .	People are in an racial establishment
entailment	People are sitting in a cheery Mexican restaurant .	People are in an racial establishment
entailment	An obese white man wearing a blue shirt and khaki shorts sits in front of fountain all while gabbing on phones .	A male is conversations outside on his telephone .
entailment	An obese white masculine wearing a blue shirt and khaki shorts sits in front of fountain all while gabbing on cellphones .	A masculine is talking outboard on his telephones .
entailment	An obese white males wearing a blue shirt and khaki shorts sits in front of fountain all while gabbing on phone .	A mens is talking outer on his phone .
entailment	An older masculine is kneeling and conversations to a grouping of younger young , all in soccer uniform .	a men talks to kids
entailment	An age masculine is kneeling and conversations to a panels of younger miners , all in soccer uniformed .	a masculine talks to kids
entailment	An archaic man is kneeling and conversations to a panel of cadet teenager , all in soccer uniforms .	a male talks to kids
entailment	A female in a spaghetti strap tank wearing a flowering in her hairdo is staring towards the right .	A female is quest at something to her right .
entailment	A females in a spaghetti strap tank wearing a flowering in her hair is staring towards the right .	A women is search at something to her rights .
entailment	A female in a spaghetti strap tank wearing a flower in her hairdo is staring towards the right .	A woman is looking at something to her rights .
entailment	A rugby player swings his leg back to punt the ball .	The individuals is playing rugby .
entailment	A rugby player swings his leg back to punt the ball .	The person is playing rugby .
entailment	A rugby player swings his leg back to punt the ball .	The individuals is play rugby .
entailment	A female in a striped shirt is walking a horse across a street .	A humanity and an zoo are outdoors .
entailment	A woman in a striped shirt is walking a horse across a street .	A mankind and an animal are outdoors .
entailment	A women in a striped shirt is walking a equestrian across a street .	A human and an animal are outdoors .
entailment	A daughter in a black skirt and blue frock is watering flowering .	The daughters is giving the flowering some water .
entailment	A daughters in a negro skirt and blue frock is watering flowers .	The daughter is giving the flowers some water .
entailment	A daughters in a black skirt and blue frock is watering flower .	The girl is giving the flowering some water .
entailment	A brown dog jumps over an hurdles .	The dog is in the jets .
entailment	A brown dog jumps over an barrier .	The dog is in the aeroplane .
entailment	A brown dog jumps over an barrier .	The dog is in the air .
entailment	The petite boy is smiling as he crosses a rope on an assault course .	Kid are allowed to attempt the assault course .
entailment	The small boy is smiling as he crosses a rope on an assault course .	Kid are allowed to try the assault course .
entailment	The petite boy is smiling as he crosses a rope on an assault course .	Kid are allowed to try the assault course .
entailment	People wearing sombreros drank shots happily .	Fiesta periods !
entailment	People wearing sombreros drank shots happily .	Fiesta times !
entailment	People wearing sombreros drank shots happily .	Fiesta times !
entailment	A female with a blue shirt and colorful hair has just thrown the bowling ball .	A woman is snooker .
entailment	A females with a blue shirt and colorful hairstyle has just thrown the bowling ball .	A females is bowling .
entailment	A women with a blue shirt and colorful hair has just thrown the bowling ball .	A females is billiard .
entailment	Two man , wearing same shirts look into a classic motor hood .	Two people are quest at a vehicular .
entailment	Two male , wearing identical shirts look into a classic motors hood .	Two people are search at a vehicles .
entailment	Two males , wearing same shirts look into a classic vehicles hood .	Two people are quest at a car .
entailment	A female sits on a carpet next to a shirtless boy who is looking in the direction of a checkers board that consists diverse pieces .	A female sits on a carpet next to a boy who is looking at a gameboard .
entailment	A female sits on a carpeting next to a shirtless boy who is searches in the direction of a checkers board that includes differing pieces .	A woman sits on a carpets next to a boy who is looking at a gameboard .
entailment	A woman sits on a carpeting next to a shirtless boy who is search in the direction of a checkers board that includes myriad pieces .	A woman sits on a carpeting next to a boy who is searches at a gameboard .
entailment	A groups of mens , female and youth are standing around .	A overwhelming grouping of people are standing around .
entailment	A panels of male , women and minors are standing around .	A hefty panel of people are standing around .
entailment	A grouping of males , women and adolescence are standing around .	A immense groups of people are standing around .
entailment	A panels of males , female and children are standing around .	A group of people are standing around .
entailment	A group of masculine , female and youth are standing around .	A groups of people are standing around .
entailment	A panel of masculine , woman and minors are standing around .	A panel of people are standing around .
entailment	A females in a purple jacket walks by two ancient mens outer a cafe .	A female walking outdoors .
entailment	A females in a purple jacket walks by two older male outside a cafe .	A women walking outdoors .
entailment	A woman in a purple jacket walks by two elders male outboard a cafe .	A women walking outdoors .
entailment	A brown dog carries an object in its mouth on a snow hillside .	A dog is carrying something .
entailment	A brown dog carries an object in its mouth on a snowy hillside .	A dog is carry something .
entailment	A brown dog carries an object in its mouth on a snow hillside .	A dog is carrying something .
entailment	A female in a blue jacket drag a minors on a sled through the snowy .	There is a teenage on a sled .
entailment	A females in a blue jacket drag a miners on a sled through the snow .	There is a youngsters on a sled .
entailment	A female in a blue jacket dragging a teenaged on a sled through the snowy .	There is a teen on a sled .
entailment	A guy with piercings , tattoos and a mohawk is search at the camera while lounging in a chair .	A man is in a chairs .
entailment	A guy with piercings , tattoos and a mohawk is searches at the camera while lounging in a chair .	A man is in a chair .
entailment	A guy with piercings , tattoos and a mohawk is searches at the camera while lounging in a chairs .	A men is in a chair .
entailment	Two mens pouring concrete onto another truck .	There are two men
entailment	Two mens pouring concrete onto another truck .	There are two men
entailment	Two mens pouring concrete onto another truck .	There are two men
entailment	A black dog is swimming with a ball in his mouth .	A negro dog found a ball in the water and is bring it back to its landlord .
entailment	A negro dog is swimming with a ball in his mouth .	A negro dog found a ball in the water and is bring it back to its holder .
entailment	A black dog is swimming with a ball in his mouth .	A negro dog found a ball in the water and is bring it back to its landlord .
entailment	A negro dog is swimming with a ball in his mouth .	The black dog is swim .
entailment	A black dog is swim with a ball in his mouth .	The black dog is swim .
entailment	A negro dog is swimming with a ball in his mouth .	The black dog is swim .
entailment	A teen boy is taking American flags to place them where they volition reminding others of the sacrifices made by veterans .	A miners boy is honoring fallen veterans .
entailment	A adolescent boy is taking American flags to placing them where they volition remind others of the sacrifices made by veterans .	A youth boy is honoring fallen veterans .
entailment	A teens boy is taking American flags to place them where they volition reminds others of the sacrifices made by veterans .	A juveniles boy is honoring fallen veterans .
entailment	A women acrobat with long , blond curly hair , dangling upside down while suspending herself from lengthy , red ribbons of fabric .	An acrobat is hanging upside down .
entailment	A female acrobat with lengthy , blond curly hairdo , dangling upside down while suspending herself from long , red ribbons of fabric .	An acrobat is hanging upside down .
entailment	A women acrobat with long , blond curly hair , dangling upside down while suspending herself from lengthy , red ribbons of fabric .	An acrobat is hanging upside down .
entailment	A grouping of people watch a breakdancer in a red jacket do a one-handed ploy .	A person is doing tricks in front of crowd .
entailment	A panels of people watch a breakdancer in a red jacket do a one-handed ploy .	A individuals is doing tricks in front of crowd .
entailment	A grouping of people watch a breakdancer in a red jacket do a one-handed trick .	A individuals is doing tricks in front of crowd .
entailment	A musical panels performs on stage with their instruments .	A panel performs with instruments .
entailment	A musical group performs on stage with their instruments .	A groups performs with instruments .
entailment	A musical panels performs on stages with their instruments .	A panel performs with instruments .
entailment	A adolescence face-painted boy is sucking his thumb .	The boy has his face paint .
entailment	A teenager face-painted boy is sucking his thumb .	The boy has his face paintings .
entailment	A minors face-painted boy is sucking his thumb .	The boy has his face paintings .
entailment	A panels of people watch a breakdancer in a red jacket do a one-handed trick .	Tricks are made by a individuals in a red jacket while people watching him .
entailment	A panel of people watch a breakdancer in a red jacket do a one-handed ploy .	Tricks are made by a person in a red jacket while people watching him .
entailment	A panels of people watch a breakdancer in a red jacket do a one-handed ploy .	Tricks are made by a persons in a red jacket while people watching him .
entailment	A adolescents boy wearing an orange jacket is sitting on a registration in the fall .	A boy is sitting on a recorded .
entailment	A adolescent boy wearing an orange jacket is sitting on a logs in the fall .	A boy is sitting on a record .
entailment	A youths boy wearing an orange jacket is sitting on a registering in the fall .	A boy is sitting on a registers .
entailment	Two smiling juvenile daughters wearing plastic goggles are lying on the grass .	Two daughter smile wearing eyeglasses .
entailment	Two smiling underage daughters wearing plastic eyeglasses are lurks on the grass .	Two girl smile wearing sunglasses .
entailment	Two smiling youths girls wearing plastic glasses are lurks on the grass .	Two daughters smile wearing goggles .
entailment	Man in traditional costume holding small guitar with a silver bicycle behind him .	A male is holding a musical instrument .
entailment	Man in traditional costume holding petite guitar with a silver motorbikes behind him .	A male is holding a musical instrument .
entailment	Man in classical costume holding little guitar with a silver moped behind him .	A mens is holding a musical instrument .
entailment	A petite boy is sitting on a giraffe bouncy while learned .	The boy is sitting .
entailment	A little boy is sitting on a giraffe bouncy while learning .	The boy is sitting .
entailment	A small boy is sitting on a giraffe bouncy while learned .	The boy is sitting .
entailment	A individuals is surfer a jumbo wave .	A individuals is surfer .
entailment	A individuals is surf a large wave .	A individuals is surf .
entailment	A persons is surfing a enormous wave .	A persons is surfer .
entailment	A boy in a green shirt surrounded by toys and another boy , wearing a blue shirt with penguins , to his left	Two boys are surrounded by toys .
entailment	A boy in a green shirt surrounded by toys and another boy , wearing a blue shirt with penguins , to his left	Two boys are surrounded by toys .
entailment	A boy in a green shirt surrounded by toys and another boy , wearing a blue shirt with penguins , to his left	Two boys are surrounded by toys .
entailment	A man baseball player for the baseball team The Indians prepares to catch a ball .	The masculine baseball player belongs to the Cleveland Indians .
entailment	A male baseball player for the baseball team The Indians prepares to catch a ball .	The men baseball player belongs to the Cleveland Indians .
entailment	A men baseball player for the baseball team The Indians prepares to catch a ball .	The men baseball player belongs to the Cleveland Indians .
entailment	A soldier using binoculars in a deserts .	A serviceman using binoculars exterior in the warms .
entailment	A solider using binoculars in a desert .	A servicemen using binoculars outside in the heating .
entailment	A servicemen using binoculars in a deserts .	A soldier using binoculars outer in the heating .
entailment	A women and two miner walk along stones to cross a river while a dog swims .	People are crossed a river .
entailment	A females and two kid walk along stones to crossing a river while a dog swims .	People are crossed a river .
entailment	A woman and two teenage walk along stones to crossing a river while a dog swims .	People are crossed a river .
entailment	A beach boardwalk during summertime .	A hot summer by the beach on the walkway .
entailment	A beach boardwalk during summertime .	A hot summer by the beach on the walkway .
entailment	A beach boardwalk during summertime .	A hot summer by the beach on the walkway .
entailment	A beach boardwalk during summertime .	A lumber road towards the shore .
entailment	A beach boardwalk during summertime .	A lumber routes toward the shore .
entailment	A beach boardwalk during summertime .	A wood road towards the shore .
entailment	A persons attired in a attire with flower and a stuffed bee attached to it , is pushing a baby stroller down the street .	A individuals outboard pushing a stroller .
entailment	A persons attired in a dress with flowers and a upholstered bee attach to it , is pushing a baby stroller down the street .	A person outboard pushing a stroller .
entailment	A persons attired in a frock with flower and a stuffed bee attached to it , is pushing a baby stroller down the street .	A persons outer pushing a stroller .
entailment	A singer wearing a leather jacket performs on stages with dramatic lights behind him .	a singer wearing a jacker performs on stage
entailment	A singer wearing a leather jacket performs on stage with dramatic illumination behind him .	a singer wearing a jacker performs on stage
entailment	A singer wearing a leather jacket performs on stages with dramatic illumination behind him .	a singer wearing a jacker performs on stage
entailment	A masculine bicycle on route and enjoying .	A men enjoys his cycle .
entailment	A males cycle on pathway and enjoying .	A male enjoys his bicycling .
entailment	A man cycling on paths and enjoying .	A males enjoys his motorbikes .
entailment	A mens wearing a blue shirt , black apron , spectacles , and a mask is handling food in a tray .	A persons in appropriate institution protecting works with meals .
entailment	A male wearing a blue shirt , negro apron , goggles , and a mask is handling food in a tray .	A individuals in appropriate institution protecting works with meals .
entailment	A males wearing a blue shirt , negro apron , sunglasses , and a mask is handling food in a tray .	A individuals in appropriate institution protect works with meals .
entailment	Two man in neon yellow shirts busily sawing a log in half .	Two mens are using a saw .
entailment	Two men in neon yellow shirts busily sawing a register in half .	Two man are using a saw .
entailment	Two masculine in neon yellow shirts busily sawing a registered in half .	Two male are using a saw .
entailment	A dog biting a masculine 's rear	An zoo is biting a man .
entailment	A dog biting a men 's rear	An animals is biting a men .
entailment	A dog biting a male 's rear	An animal is biting a male .
entailment	A males wearing a brightly green camouflage patterned denim jacket and boots walks by a building labeled Lottery Ticket Centre .	A masculine is near a building tag Lottery Ticket Centre .
entailment	A man wearing a brightly green camouflage patterned denim jacket and boots walks by a building tagged Lottery Ticket Centre .	A masculine is near a building labeling Lottery Ticket Centre .
entailment	A men wearing a brightly green disguise patterned denim jacket and boots walks by a building tagged Lottery Ticket Centre .	A male is near a building tag Lottery Ticket Centre .
entailment	A dog with a ball in his mouth running down a pathway covered in leaves .	A dog running down a road
entailment	A dog with a ball in his mouth running down a routes covered in leaves .	A dog running down a road
entailment	A dog with a ball in his mouth running down a paths covered in leaves .	A dog running down a road
entailment	A dog with a ball in his mouth running down a pathway covered in leaves .	A dog running down a leaf cover pathway carrying a ball in it 's mouth
entailment	A dog with a ball in his mouth running down a routing covered in leaves .	A dog running down a leaf covered pathway carry a ball in it 's mouth
entailment	A dog with a ball in his mouth running down a routing covered in leaves .	A dog running down a leaf covered pathway carry a ball in it 's mouth
entailment	Two strong man work to saw a recorded .	two strong man are working
entailment	Two strong male work to saw a registered .	two strong males are working
entailment	Two strong males work to saw a records .	two strong males are working
entailment	A couple walks hand-in-hand in front of Victorian-style building and a wall with a monumental sleeping baby paints on it .	A couple walks in front of a building .
entailment	A couple walks hand-in-hand in front of Victorian-style building and a wall with a monumental slumber baby paintings on it .	A couple walks in front of a building .
entailment	A couple walks hand-in-hand in front of Victorian-style building and a wall with a huge sleeping baby paintings on it .	A couple walks in front of a building .
entailment	A male in shorts and flip-flops is carrying a sac on his back .	A masculine is carrying a handbags on his back .
entailment	A males in shorts and flip-flops is carrying a knapsack on his back .	A male is carry a sac on his back .
entailment	A male in shorts and flip-flops is carrying a pockets on his back .	A man is carry a wallets on his back .
entailment	Two boys in a skiff in front of a highest vessel with a storm coming in .	Two boys in a boat
entailment	Two boys in a skiff in front of a superior studying with a storm coming in .	Two boys in a boat
entailment	Two boys in a dinghy in front of a larger inquires with a storm coming in .	Two boys in a boat
entailment	A swan landing in a lake .	A fowl is on a lake .
entailment	A swan landing in a lake .	A poultry is on a lake .
entailment	A swan landing in a lake .	A bird is on a lake .
entailment	The woman in the white coat is holding a camera in her hand .	The person has a coat on .
entailment	The female in the white coat is holding a camera in her hand .	The individuals has a coat on .
entailment	The female in the white coat is holding a camera in her hand .	The persons has a coat on .
entailment	In a snow residential environment , a man with a brown jacket and gray mustache and beard places a hand on a felled registering while another male in a blue shirt is blurry on the rights side of the photographer .	The men felled the registering in a snowy sphere .
entailment	In a snowy residential environment , a mens with a brown jacket and gray mustache and beard places a hand on a felled record while another man in a blue shirt is blurry on the rights side of the pictures .	The male felled the registration in a snow area .
entailment	In a snowy residential environment , a man with a brown jacket and gray mustache and beard places a hand on a felled registers while another men in a blue shirt is blurry on the right side of the photos .	The male felled the registration in a snowy areas .
entailment	A panels of student are walking through the campus .	A panels of people are walking together
entailment	A groups of pupil are walking through the campus .	A grouping of people are walking together
entailment	A panels of schoolchildren are walking through the campus .	A grouping of people are walking together
entailment	A mens in a red delivery truck is conversation to someone is a black coat .	A persons in a red delivery truck is conversations to someone is a black coat .
entailment	A man in a red delivery truck is discussions to someone is a negro coat .	A individuals in a red delivery truck is conversation to someone is a negro coat .
entailment	A masculine in a red delivery truck is talking to someone is a black coat .	A person in a red delivery truck is conversation to someone is a negro coat .
entailment	Three male in orange suits are doing street mend at overnight .	The males are repairs the streets .
entailment	Three mens in orange suits are doing street repairs at nighttime .	The male are repairs the streets .
entailment	Three men in orange suits are doing street repair at overnight .	The males are mend the streets .
entailment	Three man in orange suits are doing street repairs at overnight .	Three man are doing repairs .
entailment	Three mens in orange suits are doing street repair at overnight .	Three men are doing repair .
entailment	Three male in orange suits are doing street repairs at nighttime .	Three man are doing repair .
entailment	A boy lurks on a hospital bed with his leg hanging over the side .	a underage is at the hospital
entailment	A boy lie on a hospital bed with his leg hanging over the side .	a miners is at the hospital
entailment	A boy lurks on a hospital bed with his leg hanging over the side .	a miners is at the hospital
entailment	Two people are participating in the athletics fence .	Two people holding fencing swords
entailment	Two people are participating in the athlete fencing .	Two people holding fences swords
entailment	Two people are participating in the sportsmen fences .	Two people holding fencing swords
entailment	A boy on a skateboard in midair	The boy is riding his board .
entailment	A boy on a skateboard in midair	The boy is riding his board .
entailment	A boy on a skateboarding in midair	The boy is riding his board .
entailment	A mens motorcycle down a tunnel .	A person is on a biking .
entailment	A men cycle down a tunnels .	A persons is on a moped .
entailment	A male moped down a tunnels .	A persons is on a bike .
entailment	A masculine and a females jumping with a lake in the background .	There is a men and a woman .
entailment	A men and a women jumping with a lake in the background .	There is a man and a woman .
entailment	A males and a females jumping with a lake in the background .	There is a masculine and a woman .
entailment	A male throws his teenagers boy playfully into the airplane standing on a beach .	A Dad and sons is play on the beach .
entailment	A men throws his kid boy playfully into the airways standing on a beach .	A Dad and sons is playing on the beach .
entailment	A man throws his teenage boy playfully into the aircraft standing on a beach .	A Dad and son is playing on the beach .
entailment	A man throws his smaller boy playfully into the midair standing on a beach .	A man and a boy is playing on the beach .
entailment	A males throws his children boy playfully into the airplanes standing on a beach .	A mens and a boy is playing on the beach .
entailment	A male throws his teenage boy playfully into the air standing on a beach .	A male and a boy is play on the beach .
entailment	Three juvenile are shooting firearms in the wood .	Three children are in a forested spheres .
entailment	Three teenage are shooting handgun in the lumber .	Three teenager are in a forested areas .
entailment	Three adolescence are shooting revolver in the lumber .	Three kids are in a forested zone .
entailment	People are hiking up a mountain with no greenery .	The mountain is bare .
entailment	People are hiking up a mountain with no greenery .	The mountain is nude .
entailment	People are hiking up a mountain with no greenery .	The mountain is bare .
entailment	A black man wearing a red belt and a white mens wearing a blue belt are pictured in the act of practicing martial arts indoor a building with a women search on in the background .	A mens is wearing a red belt .
entailment	A black masculine wearing a red belt and a white men wearing a blue belt are pictured in the act of practising martial arts inland a building with a women quest on in the background .	A mens is wearing a red belt .
entailment	A black male wearing a red belt and a white men wearing a blue belt are pictured in the act of practicing martial arts internal a building with a female searching on in the background .	A mens is wearing a red belt .
entailment	An individual is crouched down on top of rocks underneath a blue skies .	a person is outside
entailment	An individual is crouched down on top of rocks underneath a blue sky .	a person is outside
entailment	An individual is crouched down on top of rocks underneath a blue skies .	a individuals is outside
entailment	A female and two men , that are clothed professionally , are having a discussion .	A women and two men are discussions amongst themselves .
entailment	A female and two man , that are clothed professionally , are having a discussion .	A females and two man are conversations amongst themselves .
entailment	A females and two mens , that are dressed professionally , are having a discussion .	A woman and two male are conversation amongst themselves .
entailment	A men in an argyle shirt bends down to look at the goodies through the glass in an Asian shop .	A men is out in public .
entailment	A mens in an argyle shirt bends down to look at the goodies through the glass in an Asian shop .	A masculine is out in public .
entailment	A man in an argyle shirt bends down to look at the goodies through the glass in an Asian shop .	A man is out in public .
entailment	A man in an argyle shirt bends down to look at the goodies through the glass in an Asian shop .	The adults is shopping for a gift .
entailment	A man in an argyle shirt bends down to look at the goodies through the glass in an Asian shop .	The adults is shopping for a gift .
entailment	A males in an argyle shirt bends down to look at the goodies through the glass in an Asian shop .	The grownup is shopping for a gift .
entailment	People buy fruits and vegetables at an openings airliner marketplace .	People buy produce at a markets .
entailment	People buy fruits and vegetables at an opening aerial markets .	People buy produce at a markets .
entailment	People buy fruits and vegetables at an openings planes market .	People buy produce at a marketplace .
entailment	People buy fruits and vegetables at an openings jets markets .	People are shopping for varying things at the markets .
entailment	People buy fruits and vegetables at an opens air market .	People are shopping for different things at the markets .
entailment	People buy fruits and vegetables at an opens airplanes marketplace .	People are shopping for several things at the marketplace .
entailment	Two workers , one in a ditch and one standing on the ground , are working in front of a house .	The workers are working infront of the house
entailment	Two workers , one in a ditch and one standing on the ground , are working in front of a house .	The workers are working infront of the house
entailment	Two workers , one in a ditch and one standing on the ground , are working in front of a house .	The workers are working infront of the house
entailment	Two workers , one in a ditch and one standing on the ground , are working in front of a housing .	The workers are standing on the ground
entailment	Two workers , one in a ditch and one standing on the ground , are working in front of a housing .	The workers are standing on the ground
entailment	Two workers , one in a ditch and one standing on the ground , are working in front of a house .	The workers are standing on the ground
entailment	A men in khakis sitting at a table with a sign that reads `` poet for hiring . ''	The males is a poet .
entailment	A mens in khakis sitting at a table with a sign that reads `` poet for hire . ''	The men is a poet .
entailment	A men in khakis sitting at a tables with a sign that reads `` poet for hire . ''	The male is a poet .
entailment	People with purses walk along a dirt road in front of a green building .	People are walking outside .
entailment	People with knapsack walk along a dirt routes in front of a green building .	People are walking outdoor .
entailment	People with pockets walk along a filth routing in front of a green building .	People are walking outside .
entailment	A balding , heavyset mens and a dog are rest beside an ornate monument featuring a greenish statue of a masculine and a women .	There are both people and animals in this photographing .
entailment	A balding , heavyset male and a dog are resting beside an ornate memorial featuring a greenish statue of a man and a woman .	There are both people and zoo in this photo .
entailment	A balding , heavyset masculine and a dog are rest beside an ornate memorial featuring a greenish statue of a male and a female .	There are both people and animals in this photograph .
entailment	A male in a red shirt is walking toward a blue markets stall .	The mens is walking in a direction .
entailment	A masculine in a red shirt is walking toward a blue marketplace stall .	The masculine is walking in a direction .
entailment	A males in a red shirt is walking towards a blue markets stall .	The males is walking in a direction .
entailment	Indy cars , white , blue with a red mark on the roof , rounding a turning , in front of the white vehicular .	Race cars
entailment	Indy vehicle , white , blue with a red mark on the roof , rounding a turn , in front of the white vehicle .	Race cars
entailment	Indy vehicle , white , blue with a red mark on the roof , rounding a turn , in front of the white motor .	Race cars
entailment	Two ladies at workout in mam nature .	The two ladies are outboard .
entailment	Two ladies at workout in mommy nature .	The two ladies are outdoor .
entailment	Two ladies at workout in mothers nature .	The two ladies are outer .
entailment	A teen boy sits on the shoulders of a women , who is carrying a youthful daughter .	A woman is with a couple of children
entailment	A smaller boy sits on the shoulders of a women , who is carry a young girls .	A woman is with a couple of children
entailment	A teenage boy sits on the shoulders of a females , who is carrying a youngsters daughters .	A woman is with a couple of children
entailment	A juvenile blond minor wearing a black shirt and white shorts looks at the sky with a bridge and water in the background .	A miner looks at the skies outdoor .
entailment	A teenager blond teenaged wearing a negro shirt and white shorts looks at the skies with a bridges and water in the background .	A smaller looks at the skies outdoor .
entailment	A kids blond juvenile wearing a black shirt and white shorts looks at the skies with a bridge and water in the background .	A children looks at the sky outboard .
entailment	She is cooking food while wearing a attire .	A female in a garb cook food .
entailment	She is cooking food while wearing a attire .	A woman in a dress cook food .
entailment	She is cooks food while wearing a garb .	A female in a dress cooks food .
entailment	Four dogs of multiple breeds running through a field .	Some animals outdoors .
entailment	Four dogs of multiple breeds running through a field .	Some zoo outdoors .
entailment	Four dogs of different breeds running through a field .	Some zoo outdoors .
entailment	A choir practise in a church .	A grouping of singers sings .
entailment	A choir practicing in a church .	A groups of singers sings .
entailment	A choir practice in a church .	A panel of singers singing .
entailment	Two man wearing negro smile while a seated females behind them looks tired .	The female looks fatigued .
entailment	Two mens wearing negro smile while a seated woman behind them looks tired .	The woman looks tired .
entailment	Two masculine wearing negro smile while a seated women behind them looks weary .	The woman looks tired .
entailment	A kids boy in a red shirt is wearing a helmet while sitting on a bikes .	A teen boy wears a helmet while on a biking .
entailment	A adolescent boy in a red shirt is wearing a helmet while sitting on a bikes .	A juveniles boy wears a helmet while on a bikes .
entailment	A miners boy in a red shirt is wearing a helmet while sitting on a bicycle .	A kids boy wears a helmet while on a moped .
entailment	A adolescents play a game called The Derby .	The adolescence is playing .
entailment	A youth play a game called The Derby .	The kids is play .
entailment	A kid play a games called The Derby .	The teens is play .
entailment	A males in a yellow shirt and helmet mountain bicycles down a dusty route .	A masculine is cycle down a routing .
entailment	A men in a yellow shirt and helmet mountain cycle down a dusty routing .	A man is motorbikes down a road .
entailment	A masculine in a yellow shirt and helmet mountain motorbikes down a dusty route .	A men is biking down a road .
entailment	A males is throwing something into the path .	A man is near the path .
entailment	A masculine is throwing something into the road .	A mens is near the road .
entailment	A masculine is throwing something into the pathway .	A mens is near the pathway .
entailment	A skier being assistance onto a red stretcher by three man , while two other male and a female prepare to assist .	An injured skier being taken for doctor help
entailment	A skier being help onto a red stretcher by three men , while two other men and a female prepare to assistance .	An injured skier being taken for drugs help
entailment	A skier being assisting onto a red stretcher by three men , while two other mens and a female prepare to aided .	An injured skier being taken for doctors help
entailment	A skier being assistance onto a red stretcher by three male , while two other men and a woman prepare to aid .	Three mens aids a skier
entailment	A skier being aided onto a red stretcher by three mens , while two other men and a woman prepare to assist .	Three males assistance a skier
entailment	A skier being helped onto a red stretcher by three male , while two other masculine and a women prepare to assistance .	Three masculine helped a skier
entailment	Young youths playing on scaffolding .	Young people playing on scaffolding .
entailment	Young smaller play on scaffolding .	Young people playing on scaffolding .
entailment	Young young play on scaffolding .	Young people playing on scaffolding .
entailment	A negro female is sitting on the beach browsing an octopus .	There is a females exterior .
entailment	A black females is sitting on the beach boats an octopus .	There is a women outboard .
entailment	A negro woman is sitting on the beach browsing an octopus .	There is a females outside .
entailment	Two young boys wearing shorts and sandals throw pebbles from a filth path into a agency of water .	Pebbles are being thrown into a body of water by two boys .
entailment	Two young boys wearing shorts and sandals throw pebbles from a filth paths into a organ of water .	Pebbles are being thrown into a body of water by two boys .
entailment	Two smaller boys wearing shorts and sandals throw pebbles from a dirt paths into a organs of water .	Pebbles are being thrown into a body of water by two boys .
entailment	Two masculine working on the roof of an flat building with a nice searching skyline behind them .	Two male working on the roof of an flat building
entailment	Two masculine working on the roof of an flat building with a nice searching skyline behind them .	Two men working on the roof of an apartment building
entailment	Two masculine working on the roof of an apartment building with a nice searches skyline behind them .	Two mens working on the roof of an flat building
entailment	A men trying his hardest to climb up a rope .	A males is climb a rope .
entailment	A males trying his hardest to climb up a rope .	A masculine is climbing a rope .
entailment	A males trying his hardest to climbing up a rope .	A masculine is climb a rope .
entailment	A males is riding a motorcycle along a dirt trail .	The mens is bicycle riding .
entailment	A mens is riding a bikes along a filth trail .	The masculine is motorcycle riding .
entailment	A masculine is riding a cyclist along a filth trail .	The men is motorbikes riding .
entailment	A women wearing a red hat and red bandanna followed by a mens in a red bandanna .	The people are wearing bandanas .
entailment	A women wearing a red hat and red bandanna followed by a men in a red bandanna .	The people are wearing bandanas .
entailment	A female wearing a red hat and red bandanna followed by a masculine in a red bandanna .	The people are wearing bandanas .
entailment	A teenage girl wearing a flora shirt is sitting in tub in brown water with the remnants of a snake .	A girl is sitting in a toilet with portion of a snake .
entailment	A smaller girls wearing a flora shirt is sitting in restroom in brown water with the remnants of a snake .	A daughter is sitting in a bathroom with portion of a snake .
entailment	A minor girl wearing a vegetation shirt is sitting in toilet in brown water with the remnants of a snake .	A girl is sitting in a bathtub with part of a snake .
entailment	a green and white trolley automobile with an advertised of coffee on the side and front of it in a town .	A trolley making it 's way through a city .
entailment	a green and white trolley motors with an announce of coffee on the side and front of it in a city .	A trolley making it 's way through a city .
entailment	a green and white trolley vehicular with an advertised of coffee on the side and front of it in a town .	A trolley making it 's manner through a city .
entailment	A children woman with a negro hat and red and negro jacket , swings on a red-orange ball attached to a blue rope .	A teenaged woman is play on a red-orange ball attached to a blue rope .
entailment	A miner females with a black hat and red and black jacket , swings on a red-orange ball attach to a blue rope .	A youth females is playing on a red-orange ball attach to a blue rope .
entailment	A teenagers women with a black hat and red and negro jacket , swings on a red-orange ball attach to a blue rope .	A teens female is play on a red-orange ball attached to a blue rope .
entailment	A girl in a yellow frock looks at a restaurant building .	A daughter in front of a building .
entailment	A daughters in a yellow attire looks at a restaurant building .	A girl in front of a building .
entailment	A girl in a yellow attire looks at a restaurant building .	A girls in front of a building .
entailment	Four people walking beside each other down a street , one of the mens is turned around quest toward the camera .	Four people are walking
entailment	Four people walking beside each other down a street , one of the males is turned around quest towards the camera .	Four people are walking
entailment	Four people walking beside each other down a street , one of the male is turned around looking towards the camera .	Four people are walking
entailment	A men is squatting on the ground .	A males is near the ground .
entailment	A masculine is squatting on the ground .	A males is near the ground .
entailment	A male is squatting on the ground .	A men is near the ground .
entailment	A grouping of people gather around a truck .	A groups are gathered near a cars .
entailment	A grouping of people gather around a truck .	A panels are gathered near a motors .
entailment	A panels of people gather around a truck .	A panels are gathered near a automobile .
entailment	A women is cut into a sandwich while sitting at an outdoor table .	The dame on the table is cut her sandwhich
entailment	A women is cut into a sandwich while sitting at an exterior tables .	The dame on the tables is cutting her sandwhich
entailment	A woman is chop into a sandwich while sitting at an outer tables .	The lady on the tables is cutting her sandwhich
entailment	A women with a ocean jumper is searching through a blue telescopes at a statue of a dinosaur .	The females is using a expanding device
entailment	A female with a nautical jumper is searching through a blue telescope at a statue of a dinosaur .	The female is using a extending device
entailment	A female with a navy jumper is looking through a blue telescope at a statue of a dinosaur .	The females is using a extend device
entailment	Two mens outside of a restaurant .	Two mens are outboard .
entailment	Two male outboard of a restaurant .	Two male are outboard .
entailment	Two males outboard of a restaurant .	Two male are outdoor .
entailment	Army male grilling a lot of meat while his troops looks on .	Some of the people here have been in the rifles forces .
entailment	Army masculine grilling a batch of meat while his troop looks on .	Some of the people here have been in the weapons forces .
entailment	Army men grilling a batch of meat while his troops looks on .	Some of the people here have been in the shotguns forces .
entailment	A boy splashing through the ocean .	The boy is at the beach .
entailment	A boy splashing through the naval .	The boy is at the beach .
entailment	A boy splashing through the oceanic .	The boy is at the beach .
entailment	A boy splashing through the marine .	The boy is swimming .
entailment	A boy splashing through the maritime .	The boy is swimming .
entailment	A boy splashing through the naval .	The boy is swimming .
entailment	A petite white dog runs outer , their ears blown back in the wind .	There is an zoo exterior .
entailment	A petite white dog runs outer , their ears blown back in the wind .	There is an animals outdoor .
entailment	A petite white dog runs outdoor , their ears blown back in the wind .	There is an animals outdoor .
entailment	A females happy roughly something .	A happy female .
entailment	A women happy approximately something .	A happy women .
entailment	A female happy about something .	A happy women .
entailment	Two female are sitting at a tables , one is holding a baby and another kids is playing on the floor .	There are two woman and two youths .
entailment	Two female are sitting at a table , one is holding a baby and another teenage is play on the floor .	There are two women and two adolescents .
entailment	Two female are sitting at a tables , one is holding a baby and another smaller is playing on the floor .	There are two woman and two kids .
entailment	A groups of teenage cheerleaders in pink and white costumes perform on a stages .	Cheerleaders are performing .
entailment	A panel of teenage cheerleaders in pink and white costumes perform on a stage .	Cheerleaders are performing .
entailment	A panels of minor cheerleaders in pink and white costumes perform on a stages .	Cheerleaders are performing .
entailment	A mens guitar player is emphatically sings a not to a song in a poorly lighted rooms .	A masculine is singing indoors .
entailment	A males guitar player is emphatically singing a not to a song in a poorly illuminated room .	A male is sung indoors .
entailment	A man guitar player is aggressively singing a not to a song in a poorly lighted rooms .	A males is sing indoors .
entailment	A mens and women ride in a mule drawn carriage as the drivers dots out landmarks .	A men and females ride a mule
entailment	A males and women ride in a mule drawn carriage as the drivers points out landmarks .	A mens and females ride a mule
entailment	A masculine and females ride in a mule drawn carriage as the drivers dots out landmarks .	A mens and female ride a mule
entailment	A groups of people look at fresh lettuce in at the local street market .	People viewing produce at a marketplace .
entailment	A panels of people look at fresh lettuce in at the local street market .	People viewing produce at a markets .
entailment	A panels of people look at fresh lettuce in at the local street markets .	People viewing produce at a market .
entailment	Two uniforms woman , wearing blazers saying `` Politie '' on the back , are searching at each other in front of a crowd .	The females are wearing clothes
entailment	Two uniform woman , wearing jackets saying `` Politie '' on the back , are quest at each other in front of a crowd .	The woman are wearing clothes
entailment	Two standardized female , wearing blazers saying `` Politie '' on the back , are search at each other in front of a crowd .	The woman are wearing clothes
entailment	A woman wearing spectacles and a brown beanie next to a girls with lengthy brown hair holding a book .	A female is wearing goggles and a brown beanie .
entailment	A women wearing goggles and a brown beanie next to a girl with lengthy brown hairstyle holding a book .	A females is wearing sunglasses and a brown beanie .
entailment	A women wearing spectacles and a brown beanie next to a girl with long brown hairstyle holding a book .	A females is wearing spectacles and a brown beanie .
entailment	A male is dancing in front of a band .	A males is dance .
entailment	A mens is dances in front of a band .	A men is dancing .
entailment	A man is dances in front of a band .	A man is dance .
entailment	A panel of traveler pulling suitcases are making their way down a platform .	A groups of people are pulling suitcases .
entailment	A panels of travellers pulling suitcases are making their way down a platform .	A groups of people are pulling suitcases .
entailment	A group of passenger pulling suitcases are making their manner down a platform .	A panel of people are pulling suitcases .
entailment	A painter with a grey t-shirt and tatted arm sketches a mural with extreme exact and concentrates .	A painter is sketching .
entailment	A painter with a gray t-shirt and tatted arm sketches a mural with extreme precision and focused .	A painter is sketching .
entailment	A painter with a grey t-shirt and tatted arm sketches a mural with extreme accurate and concentration .	A painter is sketching .
entailment	A youths female is wearing a paper crown at an outdoor event .	the females is outdoors
entailment	A minor women is wearing a paper crown at an outboard event .	the females is outdoors
entailment	A teens female is wearing a paper crown at an outboard events .	the women is outdoors
entailment	A man is spinning a petite girls in the airways above his head .	A males is carrying a small girl off the ground .
entailment	A mens is spin a petite girl in the aerial above his head .	A mens is carrying a small daughters off the ground .
entailment	A males is spin a small daughters in the airplanes above his head .	A men is carrying a little daughter off the ground .
entailment	As a crowd looks on , a player in a white uniform , wearing only one colorful sock , makes a dives catch for the frisbee .	A player makes a scuba catch
entailment	As a crowd looks on , a player in a white uniformed , wearing solely one colorful sock , makes a dives catch for the frisbee .	A player makes a dives catch
entailment	As a crowd looks on , a player in a white standardized , wearing only one colorful sock , makes a diving catch for the frisbee .	A player makes a dive catch
entailment	A males on a pavement is play the accordion while happy people pass by .	A man performs for the public
entailment	A male on a pavement is playing the accordion while happy people pass by .	A men performs for the public
entailment	A man on a pavement is playing the accordion while happy people pass by .	A men performs for the public
entailment	A teens football player clocks a games with his coaching .	Two people are watching a games .
entailment	A adolescent football player watches a games with his coaches .	Two people are watching a games .
entailment	A teenaged football player watches a game with his coaching .	Two people are watching a games .
entailment	Two boys run to the entryway of an old building .	Two teenager masculine are in a rush .
entailment	Two boys run to the entryway of an seniors building .	Two youth masculine are in a hurry .
entailment	Two boys run to the entryway of an age building .	Two adolescents mens are in a hurry .
entailment	A panels of consumers walking through a public market to purchase vegetables with the background of the busy boutique just behind them .	Shoppers buying vegetables at a busy public market .
entailment	A groups of consumers walking through a public market to purchasing vegetables with the background of the busy store just behind them .	Shoppers purchases vegetables at a busy public market .
entailment	A grouping of consumers walking through a public marketplace to purchasing vegetables with the background of the busy boutique just behind them .	Shoppers buying vegetables at a busy public marketplace .
entailment	A panel of ladies sit around a negro tables in front of a brick wall with a building in the background .	The ladies are all seated .
entailment	A panel of ladies sit around a black table in front of a brick wall with a building in the background .	The ladies are all seated .
entailment	A panel of ladies sit around a black tables in front of a brick wall with a building in the background .	The ladies are all seated .
entailment	The dogs are playing on the bed .	Dogs play together interior .
entailment	The dogs are playing on the bed .	Dogs playing together inside .
entailment	The dogs are playing on the bed .	Dogs playing together inland .
entailment	Four youthful sitting at a table with food on different plaques .	Kids eat at a table .
entailment	Four juveniles sitting at a tables with food on assorted plaques .	Kids eat at a table .
entailment	Four miners sitting at a tables with food on several plaques .	Kids eat at a table .
entailment	Four minors sitting at a table with food on numerous plaques .	Kids sitting at a tables .
entailment	Four miners sitting at a tables with food on numerous plaques .	Kids sitting at a table .
entailment	Four kid sitting at a table with food on different plaques .	Kids sitting at a tables .
entailment	A females is observing photographed on a camera .	A females observing a camera
entailment	A woman is observing photographing on a camera .	A woman observing a camera
entailment	A women is observing photographs on a camera .	A women observing a camera
entailment	A baseball player sliding into a base while a player from the other team tries to catch the ball .	A baseball player sliding into a base
entailment	A baseball player sliding into a bases while a player from the other team tries to catch the ball .	A baseball player sliding into a base
entailment	A baseball player sliding into a based while a player from the other team tries to catch the ball .	A baseball player sliding into a base
entailment	A brown and white dog swims in a backyard swimming pool .	A brown dog swims .
entailment	A brown and white dog swims in a backyard swimming pool .	A brown dog swims .
entailment	A brown and white dog swims in a backyard swim pool .	A brown dog swims .
entailment	A mam shading her baby with an umbrella as she and her partners climbing the stairs .	A woman protective her juveniles from the sun as they walk to an maximum tiers of a building .
entailment	A mam shading her baby with an umbrella as she and her partners climbing the stairs .	A women protect her minor from the sun as they walk to an larger grades of a building .
entailment	A mother shading her baby with an umbrella as she and her partner climb the stairs .	A woman protects her youngsters from the sun as they walk to an largest level of a building .
entailment	A masculine on a skateboarding on steps in front glass doors of a brick building .	The brick building had glass doors in front
entailment	A man on a skateboard on steps in front glass doors of a brick building .	The brick building had glass doors in front
entailment	A man on a skateboard on steps in front glass doors of a brick building .	The brick building had glass doors in front
entailment	A man playing the guitar while smoking a cigarette .	A men is play guitar
entailment	A men play the guitar while smokers a cigarette .	A mens is playing guitar
entailment	A man play the guitar while smoking a cigarette .	A masculine is playing guitar
entailment	Two teens boys are playing with a toy train set on a wood floor .	The floor is made of timber .
entailment	Two youths boys are play with a toy train set on a lumber floor .	The floor is made of lumber .
entailment	Two teenager boys are play with a toy train set on a timber floor .	The floor is made of woods .
entailment	An Asian wearing a pastel prints shirt and sunhat pushing his cart up the street .	An Asian men is pushing a cart up the street .
entailment	An Asian wearing a pastel print shirt and sunhat pushing his cart up the street .	An Asian males is pushing a cart up the street .
entailment	An Asian wearing a pastel print shirt and sunhat pushing his cart up the street .	An Asian men is pushing a cart up the street .
entailment	A group of persons are sitting together in a room .	There are numerous people in this photography , and they are all interior .
entailment	A panel of individuals are sitting together in a room .	There are varying people in this photograph , and they are all inside .
entailment	A groups of person are sitting together in a room .	There are multiple people in this photo , and they are all inland .
entailment	a women wearing a pink tank top holding a mug of liquid	A women in a pink tank top holding a mug .
entailment	a women wearing a pink tank top holding a mug of liquid	A female in a pink tank top holding a mug .
entailment	a females wearing a pink tank top holding a mug of liquid	A females in a pink tank top holding a mug .
entailment	A race autos , numbered 104 is rounding a bend as two people watch and take photograph .	People are taking image .
entailment	A racing vehicles , numbered 104 is rounding a bend as two people watch and take photographic .	People are taking images .
entailment	A racing automobile , numbered 104 is rounding a bend as two people watch and take picture .	People are taking photography .
entailment	Two daughter , one wearing a pink shirt and the other wearing a blue shirt , are standing against a wall .	Girls standing up against a wall .
entailment	Two daughter , one wearing a pink shirt and the other wearing a blue shirt , are standing against a wall .	Girls standing up against a wall .
entailment	Two girls , one wearing a pink shirt and the other wearing a blue shirt , are standing against a wall .	Girls standing up against a wall .
entailment	The dog 's mouth is openings like he is yawning .	a dog is yawning
entailment	The dog 's mouth is openings like he is yawning .	a dog is yawning
entailment	The dog 's mouth is opened like he is yawning .	a dog is yawning
entailment	a mens with a ceilings and not wearing shirt is laying a lumber bench .	A male relaxes on a bench
entailment	a men with a ceiling and not wearing shirt is laying a lumber bench .	A man relaxes on a bench
entailment	a men with a cap and not wearing shirt is laying a timber bench .	A masculine relaxes on a bench
entailment	A man is working on a Earthen structure with a pickaxe .	A masculine has tools .
entailment	A male is working on a Earthen structure with a pickaxe .	A males has tools .
entailment	A masculine is working on a Earthen structure with a pickaxe .	A male has tools .
entailment	A female plays in the wind , with a furry brown dog .	A female is play with her dog .
entailment	A female plays in the wind , with a furry brown dog .	A females is playing with her dog .
entailment	A women plays in the wind , with a furry brown dog .	A females is play with her dog .
entailment	A youngsters daughters with a white long-sleeved shirt on help a children boy brown long-sleeved shirt on with tying his shoelaces .	A girls help a boy tie his shoes
entailment	A kids daughter with a white long-sleeved shirt on assisting a teenage boy brown long-sleeved shirt on with tying his shoelaces .	A girls assisting a boy tie his shoes
entailment	A teenagers girl with a white long-sleeved shirt on help a juvenile boy brown long-sleeved shirt on with tying his shoelaces .	A daughter help a boy tie his shoes
entailment	A mens holding girls at top of a slide	A males with a girls playing .
entailment	A males holding girls at top of a slide	A mens with a girls play .
entailment	A male holding daughters at top of a slide	A masculine with a daughters play .
entailment	A dog jumping for a Frisbee in the snowy .	An zoo is outer in the frigid weather , play with a plastic toy .
entailment	A dog jumping for a Frisbee in the snowy .	An animal is outside in the cold weather , playing with a plastic toy .
entailment	A dog jumping for a Frisbee in the snow .	An animals is outdoor in the icy weather , play with a plastic toy .
entailment	Two daughter pass two boys by a trees in a neon lit street .	Some teens pass other adolescence on a street .
entailment	Two girl pass two boys by a trees in a neon lit street .	Some young pass other juveniles on a street .
entailment	Two girl pass two boys by a tree in a neon lighted street .	Some minors pass other teenage on a street .
entailment	A panels of people in bright green vests are purchase food .	A group of people buy food .
entailment	A grouping of people in bright green vests are purchase food .	A group of people buy food .
entailment	A panels of people in bright green vests are buying food .	A grouping of people buy food .
entailment	A dog is running parallel with the navy waves .	A dog is on the beach .
entailment	A dog is running parallel with the marines waves .	A dog is on the beach .
entailment	A dog is running parallel with the marine waves .	A dog is on the beach .
entailment	A town street nook with two passing bicyclists and varying pedestrians .	The people are in a city .
entailment	A town street nook with two passing bicyclists and assorted pedestrians .	The people are in a town .
entailment	A town street cornering with two passing bicyclists and different pedestrians .	The people are in a town .
entailment	A females is leaning against a wall with her footwear off .	A female is wearing solely one shoes .
entailment	A women is leaning against a wall with her footwear off .	A females is wearing solely one shoes .
entailment	A female is leaning against a wall with her shoe off .	A woman is wearing solely one footwear .
entailment	A males wearing a red shirt is quicker polishing a light lumber floor with a petite green towel next to a yellow can of Wood Silk .	a males polishes a floor next to a can
entailment	A masculine wearing a red shirt is rapidly buffing a light wood floor with a petite green towel next to a yellow can of Wood Silk .	a males polishes a floor next to a can
entailment	A masculine wearing a red shirt is faster polishing a light lumber floor with a petite green towel next to a yellow can of Wood Silk .	a male polishes a floor next to a can
entailment	A mens wearing a red shirt is rapid polishing a light wood floor with a little green towel next to a yellow can of Wood Silk .	a men polishes a floor
entailment	A mens wearing a red shirt is quickly polishing a light lumber floor with a petite green towel next to a yellow can of Wood Silk .	a men polishes a floor
entailment	A men wearing a red shirt is fast polishing a light wooden floor with a petite green towel next to a yellow can of Wood Silk .	a males polishes a floor
entailment	A females with brown hairdo wearing a white shirt is standing in a doorway surrounded by baskets as a women in a red shirt passes by .	A females is wearing a white shirt .
entailment	A females with brown hairdo wearing a white shirt is standing in a doorway surrounded by baskets as a woman in a red shirt passes by .	A female is wearing a white shirt .
entailment	A female with brown hairdo wearing a white shirt is standing in a doorway surrounded by baskets as a women in a red shirt passes by .	A females is wearing a white shirt .
entailment	A public speaker in a bourbon shirt speaks on the microphone .	A persons addresses a crowd .
entailment	A public speaker in a scotch shirt speaks on the mics .	A person addresses a crowd .
entailment	A public speaker in a scotch shirt speaks on the microphone .	A individuals addresses a crowd .
entailment	Men play basketball , the guy with the ball is attempting a layup .	Men are play basketball .
entailment	Men play basketball , the guy with the ball is attempting a layup .	Men are playing basketball .
entailment	Men play basketball , the guy with the ball is attempting a layup .	Men are play basketball .
entailment	Large brown dog walking in shallow water .	A brown dog is walking outside
entailment	Large brown dog walking in shallow water .	A brown dog is walking outside
entailment	Large brown dog walking in shallow water .	A brown dog is walking outside
entailment	Large brown dog walking in shallow water .	An zoo is in water
entailment	Large brown dog walking in shallow water .	An animals is in water
entailment	Large brown dog walking in shallow water .	An animal is in water
entailment	An senior masculine in a gray shirt smiles at the camera while doing laundry in a little room .	The masculine is old
entailment	An archaic male in a gray shirt smiles at the camera while doing laundry in a little rooms .	The men is old
entailment	An aged males in a gray shirt smiles at the camera while doing laundry in a little rooms .	The males is old
entailment	Two dogs stand side by side in the yard .	Two dogs standing together in the yard .
entailment	Two dogs stand side by side in the yard .	Two dogs standing together in the yard .
entailment	Two dogs stand side by side in the yard .	Two dogs standing together in the yard .
entailment	Red-haired females reaction questions while sitting at a table for craftzine .	She answers questions while sitting at a tables .
entailment	Red-haired females reaction questions while sitting at a table for craftzine .	She reply questions while sitting at a table .
entailment	Red-haired female answering questions while sitting at a tables for craftzine .	She answer questions while sitting at a tables .
entailment	A skateboarding is grinding on a curb with his skateboard .	The skateboarding is grinding .
entailment	A skateboarding is grinding on a curb with his skateboarding .	The skateboarding is grinding .
entailment	A skateboarding is grinding on a curb with his skateboard .	The skateboarding is grinding .
entailment	The players manuever for the soccer ball .	Soccer players are trying to get the ball .
entailment	The gamers manuever for the soccer ball .	Soccer gamers are trying to get the ball .
entailment	The players manuever for the soccer ball .	Soccer players are trying to get the ball .
entailment	Two archaic woman with a baby that has a pacifier in its mouth , the baby wears an orange and brown garb .	A baby is wearing orange .
entailment	Two ancient females with a baby that has a pacifier in its mouth , the baby wears an orange and brown dress .	A baby is wearing orange .
entailment	Two ancient female with a baby that has a pacifier in its mouth , the baby wears an orange and brown attire .	A baby is wearing orange .
entailment	A daughter in a hat has some kind of insect on her finger .	The girl is in contacting with an insect .
entailment	A girls in a hat has some sort of insect on her finger .	The girl is in contact with an insect .
entailment	A daughter in a hat has some kind of insect on her finger .	The girls is in contact with an insect .
entailment	A youth daughter in a crowd of people search up at something .	there was a panel of people present
entailment	A young daughters in a crowd of people search up at something .	there was a group of people present
entailment	A adolescents girls in a crowd of people quest up at something .	there was a grouping of people present
entailment	A panels of dogs stand in the snow .	There are zoo outdoors .
entailment	A panels of dogs stand in the snow .	There are animal outdoors .
entailment	A panel of dogs stand in the snowy .	There are animals outdoors .
entailment	A men wearing a headscarf and loincloth is laying and smoothing an asphalt surfaces near a woodland on a hot day .	The day is hot .
entailment	A men wearing a headscarf and loincloth is laying and smoothing an asphalt surfaces near a forests on a hot day .	The day is hot .
entailment	A males wearing a headscarf and loincloth is laying and smoothing an asphalt surface near a forests on a hot day .	The day is hot .
entailment	A hurried bicycler moves along a vehicular in a busy street on an allowed cyclist route .	The bikes rides on a public street .
entailment	A hurried bicycler moves along a cars in a busy street on an allowed bicycling road .	The bicycling rides on a public street .
entailment	A hurried bicycler moves along a car in a busy street on an allowed motorbike routes .	The bikes rides on a public street .
entailment	People in front of waterfront , 3 people are sitting down facing each other as a youngsters boy runs and 2 people walk towards the water .	people hanging exterior by the water
entailment	People in front of waterfront , 3 people are sitting down facing each other as a youths boy runs and 2 people walk toward the water .	people hanging outside by the water
entailment	People in front of waterfront , 3 people are sitting down facing each other as a young boy runs and 2 people walk toward the water .	people hanging outer by the water
entailment	Two guys one in a red jacket the other in a leaf printing shirt chop cakes , they look prepared to excavation in .	The guy 's jacket is red .
entailment	Two guys one in a red jacket the other in a leaf prints shirt cutting cakes , they look poised to excavation in .	The guy 's jacket is red .
entailment	Two guys one in a red jacket the other in a leaf print shirt cut cakes , they look prepared to excavation in .	The guy 's jacket is red .
entailment	Two guys one in a red jacket the other in a leaf print shirt chop cakes , they look poised to dig in .	A guy is wearing a red jacket .
entailment	Two guys one in a red jacket the other in a leaf print shirt cut cakes , they look prepared to digs in .	A guy is wearing a red jacket .
entailment	Two guys one in a red jacket the other in a leaf prints shirt cut cakes , they look braced to digs in .	A guy is wearing a red jacket .
entailment	A female in a white shirt inspected a black garment while sitting in a chair at a festival .	A woman exam a garment .
entailment	A female in a white shirt examination a black garments while sitting in a chair at a festival .	A female review a garment .
entailment	A woman in a white shirt exams a black garment while sitting in a chair at a festival .	A females inspect a clothes .
entailment	A adolescent mens throws a Frisbee to a frisbee-golf targets .	A masculine throwing a Frisbee .
entailment	A minor males throws a Frisbee to a frisbee-golf aim .	A men throwing a Frisbee .
entailment	A adolescent mens throws a Frisbee to a frisbee-golf targets .	A mens throwing a Frisbee .
entailment	Three people are sitting at a small tables near a screen with the words , `` DEMOS , The Business of Care . ''	A trio of humans is sitting .
entailment	Three people are sitting at a small tables near a screen with the words , `` DEMOS , The Business of Care . ''	A trio of humans is sitting .
entailment	Three people are sitting at a petite tables near a screen with the words , `` DEMOS , The Business of Care . ''	A trio of humans is sitting .
entailment	A grouping of three male and two female sitting at a tables that has food , drinks , and a games on it .	some people are sitted
entailment	A groups of three males and two female sitting at a tables that has food , drinks , and a game on it .	some people are sitted
entailment	A panel of three males and two female sitting at a table that has food , drinks , and a game on it .	some people are sitted
entailment	An ATV rides over a overwhelming sandy landscape .	The rider is outdoors .
entailment	An ATV rides over a monumental sandy landscape .	The rider is outdoors .
entailment	An ATV rides over a vast sandy landscape .	The rider is outdoors .
entailment	A panels of teenaged in costumes are on a stages with red curtains .	A panels of minors are on stage
entailment	A groups of youngsters in costumes are on a stage with red curtains .	A panel of teenaged are on stage
entailment	A grouping of teenage in costumes are on a stages with red curtains .	A group of child are on stage
entailment	A male swings his tennis racquet as the tennis ball gets closer to him .	A masculine is play tennis .
entailment	A male swings his tennis racquet as the tennis ball gets closer to him .	A men is playing tennis .
entailment	A man swings his tennis racquet as the tennis ball gets closer to him .	A mens is playing tennis .
entailment	A cobblestone street lined with housing and some pedestrians milling around .	Humans are outside meandering around .
entailment	A cobblestone street lined with house and some pedestrians milling around .	Humans are outboard meandering around .
entailment	A cobblestone street lined with dwelling and some pedestrians milling around .	Humans are outdoor meandering around .
entailment	Smilling and laughing baby in a walker with fire engines aerial notebook and other toys on the floor	Many toys strewn about on the floor .
entailment	Smilling and laughing baby in a walker with fire engines airlines mobile and other toys on the floor	Many toys strewn approximately on the floor .
entailment	Smilling and laughing baby in a walker with fire engines aeroplane movable and other toys on the floor	Many toys strewn approximately on the floor .
entailment	A men in a negro shirt and brown slacks is jumping in the aeroplane performing a kicks kick towards a males in a red shirt and negro hat .	Two mens are involved in martial arts .
entailment	A males in a negro shirt and brown underpants is jumping in the jets performing a karate kick toward a man in a red shirt and black hat .	Two men are involved in martial arts .
entailment	A man in a black shirt and brown undergarments is jumping in the airlines performing a kicks kick toward a man in a red shirt and negro hat .	Two male are involved in martial arts .
entailment	Two soccer gamers try to take possession of the ball , but the player in yellow falls as the player in white jumps over him .	people play soccer
entailment	Two soccer players attempt to take ownership of the ball , but the player in yellow falls as the player in white jumps over him .	people playing soccer
entailment	Two soccer gamers try to take owning of the ball , but the player in yellow falls as the player in white jumps over him .	people playing soccer
entailment	Two dogs are searching through a rusted wired fence .	Two dogs are in the yard .
entailment	Two dogs are search through a rusted wires fencing .	Two dogs are in the yard .
entailment	Two dogs are searches through a rusted wiring fences .	Two dogs are in the yard .
entailment	Two dogs are searching through a rusty wired fence .	Two dogs are outboard .
entailment	Two dogs are searching through a rusty cable fences .	Two dogs are outdoor .
entailment	Two dogs are search through a rusty wiring fence .	Two dogs are exterior .
entailment	An seniors masculine is blowing midair into an object .	An antiquated males is blowing airways inyto an object
entailment	An seniors masculine is blowing airplane into an object .	An outdated male is blowing planes inyto an object
entailment	An elderly men is blowing planes into an object .	An age males is blowing aviation inyto an object
entailment	A wet miners stands in torso deep marines water .	A miner is in the ocean
entailment	A wet juvenile stands in chest deep navy water .	A youths is in the ocean
entailment	A wet children stands in torso deep navy water .	A smaller is in the ocean
entailment	A mens wearing a green apron , working at a street side salesperson called NY Dosas , miles at the camera .	A street businessmen is smiling at a camera .
entailment	A males wearing a green apron , working at a street side vendors called NY Dosas , miles at the camera .	A street traders is smiling at a camera .
entailment	A man wearing a green apron , working at a street side vendors called NY Dosas , miles at the camera .	A street salesmen is smiling at a camera .
entailment	A boy jumps on the beach .	A boy jumps in the airliner .
entailment	A boy jumps on the beach .	A boy jumps in the airplane .
entailment	A boy jumps on the beach .	A boy jumps in the plane .
entailment	two dogs run across the woods .	The canines run around in the forester .
entailment	two dogs run across the lumber .	The canines run around in the forests .
entailment	two dogs run across the wooden .	The canines run around in the forests .
entailment	A wet minors stands in torso deep naval water .	The juvenile s playing on the beach .
entailment	A wet adolescence stands in chest deep naval water .	The children s playing on the beach .
entailment	A wet minor stands in chest deep nautical water .	The juveniles s playing on the beach .
entailment	A adolescence japanese couple holding an umbrella walking down a street .	The minors Asian couple are walking together .
entailment	A teenage tokyo couple holding an umbrella walking down a street .	The adolescents Asian couple are walking together .
entailment	A kid japanese couple holding an umbrella walking down a street .	The adolescents Asian couple are walking together .
entailment	Two male talk outdoors .	There are masculine outside
entailment	Two male talk outdoors .	There are men outside
entailment	Two men talk outdoors .	There are men outside
entailment	Boy sitting searching through a glass window at a train station .	A boy is sitting at a train station .
entailment	Boy sitting searches through a glass window at a train station .	A boy is sitting at a train station .
entailment	Boy sitting searches through a glass window at a train station .	A boy is sitting at a train station .
entailment	A underage daughters in a pink bikini jumps into the plane on a sandy beach by the naval , as two other teens play in the sand .	The daughters in wearing a bathing suit .
entailment	A smaller girl in a pink bikini jumps into the air on a sandy beach by the navy , as two other kids play in the sand .	The girl in wearing a bathing suit .
entailment	A youngsters girl in a pink bikini jumps into the airways on a sandy beach by the marina , as two other teenaged playing in the sand .	The daughter in wearing a bathing suit .
entailment	A shirt booths with a men print a shirt .	The masculine is print a shirt .
entailment	A shirt booth with a mens print a shirt .	The males is prints a shirt .
entailment	A shirt booth with a man printing a shirt .	The man is print a shirt .
entailment	A teens women is approximately to descend the stairs into a underpass station .	A miner dame is outdoor the train station
entailment	A juveniles woman is roughly to descend the stairs into a underpass station .	A teenager dame is outer the train station
entailment	A youthful woman is approximately to descend the stairs into a underground station .	A youthful dame is outdoor the train station
entailment	Three people hiking up a mountain with a river and other mountains in the background .	Hikers in the mountains .
entailment	Three people hiking up a mountain with a river and other mountains in the background .	Hikers in the mountains .
entailment	Three people hiking up a mountain with a river and other mountains in the background .	Hikers in the mountains .
entailment	Child getting readies to go down a slide .	The youths is at the top of the slide .
entailment	Child getting braced to go down a slide .	The teenagers is at the top of the slide .
entailment	Child getting prepared to go down a slide .	The teenager is at the top of the slide .
entailment	A woman wearing a blue and orange coat is sitting outside on a bench in front of a red background .	The women wearing the coat is relax .
entailment	A female wearing a blue and orange coat is sitting outer on a bench in front of a red background .	The women wearing the coat is relaxing .
entailment	A women wearing a blue and orange coat is sitting outdoor on a bench in front of a red background .	The woman wearing the coat is relaxed .
entailment	A crowd is standing and cheering at a football game .	The crowd cheering .
entailment	A crowd is standing and cheers at a football game .	The crowd cheering .
entailment	A crowd is standing and cheers at a football games .	The crowd cheering .
entailment	Three juveniles girl in winter clothing and hats look at disposable cameras they are holding .	The youth girls are together
entailment	Three miners girl in winter garment and hats look at disposable cameras they are holding .	The adolescents girls are together
entailment	Three teen daughters in winter clothes and hats look at disposable cameras they are holding .	The teenage daughters are together
entailment	A Caucasian woman stands with her back to the camera while completing a transaction at an ATM machine .	The white females is using an ATM machine .
entailment	A Caucasian women stands with her back to the camera while complete a transaction at an ATM machine .	The white females is using an ATM machine .
entailment	A Caucasian women stands with her back to the camera while finish a transaction at an ATM machine .	The white women is using an ATM machine .
entailment	A dog jumping over a beam	An zoo is jumping .
entailment	A dog jumping over a beam	An zoo is jumping .
entailment	A dog jumping over a beam	An animals is jumping .
entailment	A path worker is holding a halt sign to direct traffic .	Traffic is being directed by a routing worker .
entailment	A paths worker is holding a stopping sign to direct traffic .	Traffic is being directed by a route worker .
entailment	A path worker is holding a halting sign to direct traffic .	Traffic is being directed by a pathway worker .
entailment	One miner in negro is walking down a hill covered in white snow while 2 young are on their knees .	There are three adolescence in this pictures , and they are all outboard .
entailment	One children in negro is walking down a hill cover in white snowy while 2 youngsters are on their knees .	There are three teen in this photographer , and they are all exterior .
entailment	One youngsters in black is walking down a hill covered in white snowy while 2 youthful are on their knees .	There are three youngsters in this photography , and they are all exterior .
entailment	A men in a red headband an shirt is standing in front of a display cases .	man standing in front of case
entailment	A masculine in a red headband an shirt is standing in front of a display cases .	man standing in front of case
entailment	A masculine in a red headband an shirt is standing in front of a display case .	man standing in front of case
entailment	A mens in a red headband an shirt is standing in front of a display case .	man has a shirt on
entailment	A males in a red headband an shirt is standing in front of a display cases .	man has a shirt on
entailment	A man in a red headband an shirt is standing in front of a display case .	man has a shirt on
entailment	In this photographing it appears that a male is falling off a bull while attempting to ride the animals .	a man falls from a bull
entailment	In this pictures it appears that a masculine is falling off a bull while attempting to ride the animal .	a males falls from a bull
entailment	In this photographing it appears that a male is falling off a bull while attempting to ride the animals .	a male falls from a bull
entailment	A dog with a collar on lies on the street .	There is an animals outdoors .
entailment	A dog with a collar on lie on the street .	There is an zoo outdoors .
entailment	A dog with a collar on lying on the street .	There is an animal outdoors .
entailment	A persons in a green robe sits on a couch with a blanket .	A persons in a gown sits on a couch
entailment	A person in a green robe sits on a couch with a blanket .	A persons in a gown sits on a couch
entailment	A person in a green gown sits on a couch with a blanket .	A persons in a robe sits on a couch
entailment	A female wearing sunglasses .	A women is wearing a pair of glasses .
entailment	A female wearing spectacles .	A females is wearing a pair of goggles .
entailment	A woman wearing sunglasses .	A women is wearing a pair of sunglasses .
entailment	A males wearing a lengthy brown robe is playing the guitar while another individuals is sitting at the drum and yet another is wearing a long gray gown and sung .	The robe is brown .
entailment	A masculine wearing a long brown robe is playing the guitar while another persons is sitting at the drums and yet another is wearing a long grey gown and singing .	The gown is brown .
entailment	A mens wearing a lengthy brown gown is play the guitar while another persons is sitting at the drumming and yet another is wearing a long gray gown and sung .	The gown is brown .
entailment	A males sitting on an elephant with a riding seat is discussions to a woman sightseeing .	A person riding a hefty animal .
entailment	A mens sitting on an elephant with a riding seating is conversation to a woman tourist .	A persons riding a vast animal .
entailment	A male sitting on an elephant with a riding seating is conversations to a female sightseeing .	A persons riding a jumbo animals .
entailment	A snowboarder clothed in yellow snowy breeches and a helmet catches some aviation on fresh powder .	A snowboarder is dressed up .
entailment	A snowboarder dressed in yellow snowy underclothes and a helmet catches some airline on fresh powder .	A snowboarder is clothed up .
entailment	A snowboarder dressed in yellow snow slacks and a helmet catches some airline on fresh powder .	A snowboarder is attired up .
entailment	A snowboarder clothed in yellow snow underclothes and a helmet catches some aviation on fresh powder .	A snowboarder is going snowboarding
entailment	A snowboarder dressed in yellow snow pants and a helmet catches some airplanes on fresh powder .	A snowboarder is going snowboarding
entailment	A snowboarder dressed in yellow snowy underpants and a helmet catches some aerial on fresh powder .	A snowboarder is going snowboarding
entailment	A women bicyclist wearing black , and having four number 9 's printed on her limbs on a bikes .	A woman riding a bicycle .
entailment	A woman bicyclist wearing black , and having four number 9 's printed on her limbs on a motorcycle .	A woman riding a bicycles .
entailment	A female bicyclist wearing negro , and having four number 9 's printed on her limbs on a cycle .	A females riding a bike .
entailment	A man with a red helmet and numbers on his arm and leg is riding a red errand motorcycle .	A person wearing figures is using a nonmotorized motor .
entailment	A men with a red helmet and figures on his arm and leg is riding a red errand motorbikes .	A individuals wearing digit is using a nonmotorized automobiles .
entailment	A males with a red helmet and numbers on his arm and leg is riding a red errand motorcycle .	A individuals wearing digit is using a nonmotorized automobiles .
entailment	Little daughter is flipping an omelet in the kitchen .	A adolescence daughters flips an omelet .
entailment	Little daughter is flipping an omelet in the kitchen .	A child daughter flips an omelet .
entailment	Little girls is flipping an omelet in the kitchen .	A youths girl flips an omelet .
entailment	A girl sits at a tables in front of a plate of food .	The girl is near food .
entailment	A girls sits at a tables in front of a plate of food .	The daughters is near food .
entailment	A daughters sits at a tables in front of a plate of food .	The girl is near food .
entailment	A boy posing on the soccer field .	The boy is on the field .
entailment	A boy posing on the soccer field .	The boy is on the field .
entailment	A boy posing on the soccer field .	The boy is on the field .
entailment	A masculine painting a sign onto his food cart .	A masculine is working on a cart .
entailment	A man painting a sign onto his food cart .	A males is working on a cart .
entailment	A man painted a sign onto his food cart .	A masculine is working on a cart .
entailment	People are conversing at a dining tables under a canopy .	People are discussions underneath a covering .
entailment	People are conversing at a dining table under a canopy .	People are conversation underneath a covering .
entailment	People are conversing at a dining tables under a canopy .	People are conversations underneath a covering .
entailment	A boy clothed for summer in a green shirt and kahki shorts extends food to a reindeer in a petting animal .	A boy attired for summer in a tight green shirt and kahki shorts
entailment	A boy dressed for summer in a green shirt and kahki shorts extends food to a reindeer in a petting animal .	A boy clothed for summer in a tight green shirt and kahki shorts
entailment	A boy attired for summer in a green shirt and kahki shorts extends food to a reindeer in a petting animal .	A boy clothed for summer in a tight green shirt and kahki shorts
entailment	A boy clothed for summer in a green shirt and kahki shorts extends food to a reindeer in a petting animals .	A boy dressed for summer in a green shirt and kahki shorts
entailment	A boy dressed for summer in a green shirt and kahki shorts extends food to a reindeer in a petting zoo .	A boy clothed for summer in a green shirt and kahki shorts
entailment	A boy dressed for summer in a green shirt and kahki shorts extends food to a reindeer in a petting zoo .	A boy dressed for summer in a green shirt and kahki shorts
entailment	A boy clothed for summer in a green shirt and kahki shorts extends food to a reindeer in a petting zoo .	A boy strangers clothed for summer in a green shirt and kahki shorts
entailment	A boy dressed for summer in a green shirt and kahki shorts extends food to a reindeer in a petting zoo .	A boy aliens clothed for summer in a green shirt and kahki shorts
entailment	A boy attired for summer in a green shirt and kahki shorts extends food to a reindeer in a petting animal .	A boy foreigners dressed for summer in a green shirt and kahki shorts
entailment	A minors male does tricks on his skateboarding .	A young engages in athleticism .
entailment	A smaller male does tricks on his skateboard .	A underage engages in athleticism .
entailment	A miner masculine does tricks on his skateboarding .	A kid engages in athleticism .
entailment	While voyage , a women in a black jacket is rest on the shoulder of a masculine in a black jacket .	A woman rests on the shoulder of a man
entailment	While trips , a females in a negro jacket is resting on the shoulder of a men in a black jacket .	A female rests on the shoulder of a man
entailment	While trips , a woman in a black jacket is resting on the shoulder of a mens in a black jacket .	A women rests on the shoulder of a man
entailment	A baseball player in the act of pick up a baseball with his hand .	A baseball player playing in a game .
entailment	A baseball player in the act of pick up a baseball with his hand .	A baseball player playing in a games .
entailment	A baseball player in the act of pick up a baseball with his hand .	A baseball player playing in a games .
entailment	A minor boy in suspenders .	The boy has suspenders attached to his breeches .
entailment	A juvenile boy in suspenders .	The boy has suspenders attach to his breeches .
entailment	A adolescence boy in suspenders .	The boy has suspenders attached to his underpants .
entailment	A black and white dog jumps up and down in the snowy .	A dog plays in the winter .
entailment	A negro and white dog jumps up and down in the snow .	A dog plays in the winter .
entailment	A black and white dog jumps up and down in the snowy .	A dog plays in the winter .
entailment	A male wearing dark knee boots , a green cape , and a hat with two hefty feathers on the front is sitting by itself on a bench in front of a building with a blue and white patterned piece of wheels suitcase to his rights while he rests both his hands on a walking stick .	A men with a walking stick sits by itself .
entailment	A mens wearing dark knee boots , a green cape , and a hat with two large feathers on the front is sitting by himself on a bench in front of a building with a blue and white patterned piece of wheels baggage to his rights while he rests both his hands on a walking stick .	A males with a walking stick sits by itself .
entailment	A male wearing dark knee boots , a green cape , and a hat with two large feathers on the front is sitting by itself on a bench in front of a building with a blue and white patterned piece of wheeled baggage to his right while he rests both his hands on a walking stick .	A masculine with a walking stick sits by itself .
entailment	A mens is standing in front of a temple while wearing a red hat and red shirt .	The masculine is outer .
entailment	A males is standing in front of a temple while wearing a red hat and red shirt .	The male is outdoor .
entailment	A mens is standing in front of a temple while wearing a red hat and red shirt .	The male is exterior .
entailment	Many people on the beach holding a very big net .	There are varied people in this photographer , and they are all outer .
entailment	Many people on the beach holding a very mammoth net .	There are varying people in this photographer , and they are all outer .
entailment	Many people on the beach holding a very jumbo netted .	There are numerous people in this images , and they are all outside .
entailment	A panel of daughters in negro and white spotted skirts crossed a street .	A panels of girl are outboard .
entailment	A grouping of daughters in black and white spotted skirts crossing a street .	A grouping of daughters are outside .
entailment	A grouping of daughters in negro and white spotted skirts cross a street .	A grouping of daughter are outdoor .
entailment	A minors stuck up in a trees .	A trees has a youth stuck up in it .
entailment	A kids stuck up in a tree .	A trees has a juvenile stuck up in it .
entailment	A underage stuck up in a tree .	A tree has a youths stuck up in it .
entailment	A individuals wearing a blue knapsack stands on a field above a scenic view .	The persons is outdoors .
entailment	A person wearing a blue purses stands on a field above a scenic view .	The individuals is outdoors .
entailment	A person wearing a blue knapsack stands on a field above a scenic view .	The persons is outdoors .
entailment	A boy stands in the mid of a crowd of smaller .	A persons stands in the middle of a crowd of juvenile .
entailment	A boy stands in the mid of a crowd of juvenile .	A individuals stands in the medium of a crowd of children .
entailment	A boy stands in the mid of a crowd of child .	A persons stands in the media of a crowd of teenager .
entailment	A men and his camel in the dusty deserts .	a mens and his camel
entailment	A male and his camel in the dusty deserts .	a man and his camel
entailment	A masculine and his camels in the dusty deserts .	a masculine and his camel
entailment	The white dog is pulling a huge stick .	The dog is pulling a stick .
entailment	The white dog is pulling a massive stick .	The dog is pulling a stick .
entailment	The white dog is pulling a overwhelming stick .	The dog is pulling a stick .
entailment	A masculine in suit wait for the green light .	A male waits at a red light .
entailment	A mens in suit waiting for the green light .	A males waits at a red light .
entailment	A men in suit waiting for the green light .	A male waits at a red light .
entailment	An officer in a negro uniforms and hat stands to the left of a overwhelming structure with other officers in the background .	A panels of officer are standing .
entailment	An officer in a black uniformed and hat stands to the left of a huge structure with other officer in the background .	A grouping of officers are standing .
entailment	An officer in a black standardized and hat stands to the left of a enormous structure with other officer in the background .	A panels of officers are standing .
entailment	A women holding a infant baby .	woman holds baby
entailment	A women holding a newborn baby .	woman holds baby
entailment	A female holding a infants baby .	woman holds baby
entailment	A females holding a newborn baby .	woman holds her novel baby
entailment	A woman holding a newborn baby .	woman holds her novel baby
entailment	A woman holding a infants baby .	woman holds her newest baby
entailment	The small dog is running across the lawn .	A mammal is running through the yard .
entailment	The little dog is running across the lawn .	A mammals is running through the yard .
entailment	The small dog is running across the lawn .	A mammals is running through the yard .
entailment	A dog is pulling a red sled across the snow .	A dog is pulling a sled .
entailment	A dog is pulling a red sled across the snow .	A dog is pulling a sled .
entailment	A dog is pulling a red sled across the snowy .	A dog is pulling a sled .
entailment	3 people are shopping in a market .	There are people at a markets .
entailment	3 people are shopping in a markets .	There are people at a markets .
entailment	3 people are shopping in a markets .	There are people at a markets .
entailment	A group of people are walking down a busy street .	There are people walking .
entailment	A groups of people are walking down a busy street .	There are people walking .
entailment	A grouping of people are walking down a busy street .	There are people walking .
entailment	A half clothed males is sleeping on the pavement .	A male is asleep
entailment	A half clothed masculine is sleeping on the sidewalk .	A males is asleep
entailment	A half clothed masculine is sleep on the sidewalk .	A man is asleep
entailment	A females rollerblader with knee and elbow pads and a helmet jumping into the aircraft .	the females is jumping
entailment	A woman rollerblader with knee and elbow pads and a helmet jumping into the airplane .	the females is jumping
entailment	A woman rollerblader with knee and elbow pads and a helmet jumping into the airplanes .	the woman is jumping
entailment	A tree worker with a strenuous hat is cutting down a branch .	The masculine is wearing safety gear on his head .
entailment	A tree worker with a difficult hat is cut down a branch .	The masculine is wearing safety gear on his head .
entailment	A trees worker with a stiff hat is cut down a branch .	The males is wearing safety gear on his head .
entailment	A panel of children mens in a gym take turns scoring in basketball .	Guys are indoors .
entailment	A panels of young men in a gym take turns score in basketball .	Guys are indoors .
entailment	A panel of underage man in a gym take turns scoring in basketball .	Guys are indoors .
entailment	A barber in a sports themed barber shop waits for his next customers to arrive .	A barber waits for corporations .
entailment	A barber in a athletics themed barber shop waits for his next customer to arrive .	A barber waits for companies .
entailment	A barber in a sports themed barber shop waits for his next client to arrive .	A barber waits for corporate .
entailment	Two female stand in a kitchen and wipe down trays	Two women stand in a kitchen .
entailment	Two woman stand in a kitchen and wipe down trays	Two woman stand in a kitchen .
entailment	Two female stand in a kitchen and wipe down trays	Two females stand in a kitchen .
entailment	Two female stand in a kitchen and wipe down trays	Two female are doing dishes .
entailment	Two women stand in a kitchen and wipe down trays	Two female are doing dishes .
entailment	Two females stand in a kitchen and wipe down trays	Two woman are doing dishes .
entailment	The man in black is flying off the full in front of a red fences .	The man is next to the fencing .
entailment	The man in black is flying off the full in front of a red fence .	The man is next to the fence .
entailment	The men in negro is flying off the full in front of a red fence .	The males is next to the fences .
entailment	Swimming in the extensive blue naval .	Some is staying afloat and moving in water .
entailment	Swimming in the wide blue marine .	Some is staying afloat and moving in water .
entailment	Swimming in the broad blue maritime .	Some is staying afloat and moving in water .
entailment	A bird is perched on a trees branch .	A bird is perching in a trees .
entailment	A fowl is perched on a tree branch .	A poultry is perching in a trees .
entailment	A poultry is perched on a tree branch .	A fowl is perching in a tree .
entailment	A teens man sitting under a tree while others walk down the street .	A miners mens is sitting down .
entailment	A kid male sitting under a trees while others walk down the street .	A juvenile males is sitting down .
entailment	A children mens sitting under a trees while others walk down the street .	A miner male is sitting down .
entailment	A girl with a blue shirt and a girl with a striped shirt stand next to a daughters with a green shirt sitting in a chair .	Two girl are standing next to a daughter who is sitting .
entailment	A daughters with a blue shirt and a daughters with a striped shirt stand next to a girl with a green shirt sitting in a chairs .	Two girl are standing next to a girls who is sitting .
entailment	A girls with a blue shirt and a daughter with a striped shirt stand next to a girls with a green shirt sitting in a chairs .	Two daughter are standing next to a girls who is sitting .
entailment	By a table with differing boxes and two coffee cups on it , a female in a green jumper is open a small box and another person -LRB- whose head can not be seen -RRB- is operating a petite handheld electronic device .	A females in green openings a box while a half hidden mens manipulates a handheld device .
entailment	By a tables with myriad boxes and two coffee cups on it , a females in a green sweater is opening a petite box and another persons -LRB- whose head can not be seen -RRB- is operating a little handheld electronic device .	A women in green opens a box while a half secrets man manipulates a handheld device .
entailment	By a tables with diverse boxes and two coffee cups on it , a female in a green sweater is open a small box and another person -LRB- whose head can not be seen -RRB- is operating a little handheld electronic device .	A female in green opening a box while a half camouflaged mens manipulates a handheld device .
entailment	Two people using a water buffalo to cultivating a watery field .	Two people are outdoor with animals .
entailment	Two people using a water buffalo to cultivate a watery field .	Two people are outside with animal .
entailment	Two people using a water buffalo to cultivate a watery field .	Two people are outboard with zoo .
entailment	A youths plays with her father 's boots .	A minors is playing .
entailment	A adolescents plays with her father 's boots .	A juvenile is playing .
entailment	A teen plays with her fathers 's boots .	A youthful is play .
entailment	Two people using a water buffalo to cultivate a watery field .	A couple is rural with their pet buffalo .
entailment	Two people using a water buffalo to cultivating a watery field .	A couple is farming with their pet buffalo .
entailment	Two people using a water buffalo to cultivate a watery field .	A couple is rural with their pet buffalo .
entailment	People stand along a train track and take images .	Some people with cameras are standing on a train track .
entailment	People stand along a train track and take photograph .	Some people with cameras are standing on a train track .
entailment	People stand along a train track and take photographs .	Some people with cameras are standing on a train track .
entailment	A city street with market provider and teenaged being pushed in strollers with a immense cathedral in the background .	The strollers are moving .
entailment	A town street with markets salesman and minor being pushed in strollers with a overwhelming cathedral in the background .	The strollers are moving .
entailment	A town street with market shopkeeper and child being pushed in strollers with a huge cathedral in the background .	The strollers are moving .
entailment	The coaching official and football player are conversation in front a crowd and other team member .	People talking
entailment	The coach formal and football player are discussions in front a crowd and other team members .	People talking
entailment	The coach formal and football player are talking in front a crowd and other team members .	People talking
entailment	Two humans searches out in the distance from a hill .	Two people are outdoors .
entailment	Two humans search out in the distance from a hill .	Two people are outdoors .
entailment	Two humans searching out in the distance from a hill .	Two people are outdoors .
entailment	A young girls in a negro leotard swinging on the lower wrong of a pair of parallel bars in a gym while a teenagers males stains her .	The adolescent girl is wearing a negro leotard
entailment	A youths girls in a negro leotard swinging on the lower wrong of a pair of parallel bars in a gym while a teenagers mens stains her .	The miner daughters is wearing a black leotard
entailment	A teenage girl in a black leotard swinging on the lower wrong of a pair of parallel bars in a gym while a youngsters man smudges her .	The smaller girls is wearing a negro leotard
entailment	A black man in white shorts and a white mens in black shorts boxing .	Two men boxing .
entailment	A black masculine in white shorts and a white men in negro shorts boxing .	Two male boxing .
entailment	A black males in white shorts and a white mens in black shorts boxing .	Two male boxing .
entailment	A males holds two minor in his weapon .	Three humans together .
entailment	A man holds two juvenile in his pistols .	Three humans together .
entailment	A man holds two smaller in his revolver .	Three humans together .
entailment	A males is holding an accordion while leaning against a brown fencing that overlooks some water .	A males leans against a fence
entailment	A male is holding an accordion while leaning against a brown fencing that forgets some water .	A males leans against a fence
entailment	A males is holding an accordion while leaning against a brown fencing that ignore some water .	A mens leans against a fence
entailment	Several females in headscarves are standing in a cobbled courtyard .	Women wearing headscarves stand in a cobbled courtyard .
entailment	Several females in headscarves are standing in a cobbled backyard .	Women wearing headscarves stand in a cobbled courtyard .
entailment	Several women in headscarves are standing in a cobbled backyard .	Women wearing headscarves stand in a cobbled backyard .
entailment	two children kid wearing wool chap and mitten covering their mouths while whispering to each other .	Two child kid are whispering to each other .
entailment	two kids youthful wearing wool ceilings and mitten covering their mouths while whispering to each other .	Two teenaged miner are whispering to each other .
entailment	two youthful juvenile wearing fleece cap and mitten covering their mouths while whispering to each other .	Two minors child are whispering to each other .
entailment	A male in a negro t-shirt and jeans in standing on the pavement search at the camera as people walk by .	There is a masculine in black exterior on a busy sidewalk .
entailment	A male in a negro t-shirt and jeans in standing on the pavement searches at the camera as people walk by .	There is a male in black outboard on a busy sidewalk .
entailment	A male in a black t-shirt and jeans in standing on the pavement looking at the camera as people walk by .	There is a man in negro outside on a busy pavement .
entailment	A girls wearing negro is riding a giant unicycle on the beach .	The girls has sportswear on
entailment	A girl wearing negro is riding a giant unicycle on the beach .	The daughters has sportswear on
entailment	A girls wearing negro is riding a giant unicycle on the beach .	The daughter has apparel on
entailment	A short-haired males in a dark camouflage jacket plays the saxophone on a street nook while people look on in the background .	a men plays a saxophone
entailment	A short-haired masculine in a dark conceal jacket plays the saxophone on a street nook while people look on in the background .	a man plays a saxophone
entailment	A short-haired men in a dark camouflage jacket plays the saxophone on a street nook while people look on in the background .	a masculine plays a saxophone
entailment	A juvenile boy in a hoodie climbs a red slide sitting on a red and green checkered background .	A boy is play .
entailment	A youths boy in a hoodie climbs a red slide sitting on a red and green checkered background .	A boy is playing .
entailment	A miner boy in a hoodie climbs a red slide sitting on a red and green checkered background .	A boy is playing .
entailment	A massive men is sitting in front of a fountain statue while talking on a cellphones .	The man is talking to someone .
entailment	A jumbo mens is sitting in front of a fountain statue while talking on a phone .	The males is talking to someone .
entailment	A big masculine is sitting in front of a fountain statue while conversation on a telephones .	The males is talking to someone .
entailment	Two women are tending to their flock of animal including cattle and goats near a building made basically of stone .	The two females are taking caring of a flock of animals
entailment	Two women are tending to their flock of zoo including cattle and goats near a building made basically of stone .	The two woman are taking caring of a herd of animals
entailment	Two females are tending to their flock of zoo including cattle and goats near a building made mainly of stone .	The two female are taking caring of a flock of animals
entailment	A lioness closes in on its prey .	a lioness preying
entailment	A lioness closes in on its prey .	a lioness preying
entailment	A lioness closes in on its prey .	a lioness preying
entailment	A Man is eating food next to a smaller on a bench .	Man eating on a bench near a juvenile .
entailment	A Man is eating food next to a teenagers on a bench .	Man eating on a bench near a teens .
entailment	A Man is eating food next to a teen on a bench .	Man eating on a bench near a youths .
entailment	A large African American men sitting on a campground chair .	The massive negro masculine is relaxed in the chair
entailment	A massive African American mens sitting on a camping chairs .	The hefty negro male is relaxed in the chair
entailment	A overwhelming African American mens sitting on a campsite chair .	The overwhelming negro men is relax in the chair
entailment	A panel of Asian masculine are sitting or standing around a petite squares tables .	Some masculine are gathered around a table .
entailment	A groups of Asian males are sitting or standing around a petite square tables .	Some males are gathered around a table .
entailment	A group of Asian masculine are sitting or standing around a little squares tables .	Some man are gathered around a table .
entailment	A underage man wearing a white shirt with a character outlined very darkly .	A miners masculine in a white shirt .
entailment	A youngsters man wearing a white shirt with a character outlined very darkly .	A youngsters male in a white shirt .
entailment	A juvenile males wearing a white shirt with a character outlined very darkly .	A youth mens in a white shirt .
entailment	A group of people , including one males carrying a silver tripod , stand in front of a overwhelming building featuring several columns .	People are standing .
entailment	A groups of people , including one masculine carrying a silver tripod , stand in front of a large building featuring numerous columns .	People are standing .
entailment	A group of people , including one mens carry a silver tripod , stand in front of a mammoth building featuring different columns .	People are standing .
entailment	Eight tourists stand at a railing search at an attraction .	The attraction drew the attention of the tourists
entailment	Eight tourists stand at a railing search at an attraction .	The attraction drew the attention of the tourists
entailment	Eight tourists stand at a railing searches at an attraction .	The attraction drew the attention of the tourists
entailment	A panel walking in the medium of a walkway with a green divider , and a female is walking by herself off to the right .	The female is walking away from the grouping .
entailment	A panels walking in the middle of a walkway with a green divider , and a females is walking by herself off to the rights .	The females is walking away from the panels .
entailment	A group walking in the media of a walkway with a green divider , and a woman is walking by herself off to the right .	The woman is walking away from the group .
entailment	Man balding with a mustache and semi beard standing wearing a psychedelic button shirt playing the guitar as he sung .	The men knows how to playing the guitar .
entailment	Man balding with a mustache and semi beard standing wearing a psychedelic button shirt play the guitar as he sings .	The mens knows how to play the guitar .
entailment	Man balding with a mustache and semi beard standing wearing a psychedelic button shirt play the guitar as he singing .	The males knows how to play the guitar .
entailment	Little boy peering into a glass display case .	a boy looks in a case
entailment	Little boy peering into a glass display cases .	a boy looks in a case
entailment	Little boy peering into a glass display cases .	a boy looks in a case
entailment	A woman gymnast in black and red being coached on bar abilities .	The woman gymnast is training .
entailment	A woman gymnast in negro and red being coached on bar capacity .	The woman gymnast is training .
entailment	A female gymnast in black and red being coached on bar ability .	The woman gymnast is training .
entailment	A men walks into a transporting station and two officer in neon jackets stand guard .	This is a transported station
entailment	A men walks into a transport station and two officers in neon blazers stand guard .	This is a transports station
entailment	A man walks into a transported station and two officer in neon jackets stand guards .	This is a transportation station
entailment	Children playing in the sand surrounded by a sand structure with a lot of window like opened .	The minors are play in the sand .
entailment	Children playing in the sand surrounded by a sand structure with a lot of window like open .	The kid are play in the sand .
entailment	Children play in the sand surrounded by a sand structure with a batch of window like openings .	The minors are playing in the sand .
entailment	Four little juveniles play in the courtyard of a large building made out of clay or sand .	Four children are outdoors playing .
entailment	Four little minors playing in the backyard of a mammoth building made out of mud or sand .	Four adolescence are outdoors playing .
entailment	Four little kids play in the courtyard of a large building made out of clay or sand .	Four youth are outdoors play .
entailment	A negro and brown dog is jumping on blocks of concrete in the water .	The dog is jumping .
entailment	A negro and brown dog is jumping on blocks of concrete in the water .	The dog is jumping .
entailment	A negro and brown dog is jumping on blocks of concrete in the water .	The dog is jumping .
entailment	A men squatting in a park search at something in the distance .	A males sees something while in a park .
entailment	A male squatting in a park search at something in the distance .	A men sees something while in a park .
entailment	A man squatting in a park looking at something in the distance .	A mens sees something while in a park .
entailment	A snowboarder with a maroon coat sails through the airways .	A persons is snowboarding .
entailment	A snowboarder with a maroon coat sails through the aircraft .	A person is skiing .
entailment	A snowboarder with a maroon coat sails through the airlines .	A individuals is snowboarding .
entailment	A man is in front of a dryer in a laundromat with both hands reaching into a ben or basket .	A male reaches into his laundry basket at the laundromat
entailment	A masculine is in front of a dryer in a laundromat with both hands reaching into a bin or basket .	A man reaches into his laundry basket at the laundromat
entailment	A males is in front of a dryer in a laundromat with both hands reaching into a ben or basket .	A man reaches into his laundry basket at the laundromat
entailment	A mens is in front of a dryer in a laundromat with both hands reaching into a ben or basket .	A mens reaches into a basket at a laundromat
entailment	A male is in front of a dryer in a laundromat with both hands reaching into a bin or basket .	A males reaches into a basket at a laundromat
entailment	A males is in front of a dryer in a laundromat with both hands reaching into a bin or basket .	A masculine reaches into a basket at a laundromat
entailment	there 's a female in a pink and grey striped outfit standing with five children , three of which are making confronts .	the women is standing
entailment	there 's a women in a pink and gray striped outfit standing with five adolescents , three of which are making confront .	the woman is standing
entailment	there 's a females in a pink and gray striped outfit standing with fifth youth , three of which are making faces .	the woman is standing
entailment	An emergency worker directs a males pulling a sled with emergency equipment on a snow pathway .	An emergency worker helped outdoors .
entailment	An emergency worker directs a males pulling a sled with emergency equipment on a snowy pathway .	An emergency worker assisting outdoors .
entailment	An emergency worker directs a men pulling a sled with emergency equipment on a snowy routes .	An emergency worker assist outdoors .
entailment	A man attired in a red shirt and negro tie stands up at a marrying reception to make a speech .	a guy in a red top and tie makes a speech
entailment	A mens attired in a red shirt and black tie stands up at a wedding reception to make a speeches .	a guy in a red top and tie makes a speech
entailment	A mens dressed in a red shirt and black tie stands up at a matrimony reception to make a speeches .	a guy in a red top and tie makes a speech
entailment	A females in negro walks down the street in front of a graffited wall .	A lady walks down the street .
entailment	A woman in negro walks down the street in front of a graffited wall .	A lady walks down the street .
entailment	A women in negro walks down the street in front of a graffited wall .	A dame walks down the street .
entailment	A male with a half mask over his face is holding a toy helicopters in his left hand and a controller in is his rights hand .	A persons is holding two objects .
entailment	A male with a half mask over his face is holding a toy chopper in his left hand and a controllers in is his right hand .	A individuals is holding two objects .
entailment	A masculine with a half mask over his face is holding a toy helicopters in his left hand and a controller in is his right hand .	A person is holding two objects .
entailment	A masculine in a striped shirt standing behind a jumbo piling of fruits .	a males stands near some fruit
entailment	A man in a striped shirt standing behind a mammoth piling of fruits .	a mens stands near some fruit
entailment	A man in a striped shirt standing behind a massive pile of fruits .	a masculine stands near some fruit
entailment	A female in a white hijab dig into the ground .	the dame dig into the ground
entailment	A female in a white hijab digging into the ground .	the dame digs into the ground
entailment	A female in a white hijab excavating into the ground .	the dame excavating into the ground
entailment	A women wearing a negro garb and green sweater is walking down the street looking at her mobiles .	A women is holding her cell telephone .
entailment	A woman wearing a negro attire and green jumper is walking down the street looking at her portable .	A females is holding her cell telephones .
entailment	A woman wearing a black dress and green jumper is walking down the street search at her mobiles .	A female is holding her cell telephones .
entailment	A persons attempts to rope a negro cow while riding a horse .	The person is on a equestrian .
entailment	A persons attempts to rope a negro cow while riding a equestrian .	The person is on a horse .
entailment	A individuals attempts to rope a negro cow while riding a equestrian .	The persons is on a equestrian .
entailment	A groups of people watching a boy getting interviewed by a men .	A grouping of people are watching a boy and and interviewer .
entailment	A panels of people watching a boy getting interviewed by a male .	A group of people are watching a boy and and interviewer .
entailment	A group of people watching a boy getting interviewed by a man .	A grouping of people are watching a boy and and interviewer .
entailment	A men interviews a boy in a gathering of people .	A men interviews a boy .
entailment	A mens interviews a boy in a gathering of people .	A masculine interviews a boy .
entailment	A mens interviews a boy in a gathering of people .	A male interviews a boy .
entailment	Two ladies one with her fingers in her pocket and the other with a drink in her hand at a party .	Two people are at a party .
entailment	Two ladies one with her fingers in her pocket and the other with a drink in her hand at a parties .	Two people are at a parties .
entailment	Two ladies one with her fingers in her pocket and the other with a drank in her hand at a party .	Two people are at a party .
entailment	Two ladies one with her fingers in her pocket and the other with a drink in her hand at a party .	Some people are doing something .
entailment	Two ladies one with her fingers in her pocket and the other with a drank in her hand at a parties .	Some people are doing something .
entailment	Two ladies one with her fingers in her pocket and the other with a drink in her hand at a parties .	Some people are doing something .
entailment	A lady holding one dog while another dog is playing in the yard .	A dame has two dogs with her .
entailment	A lady holding one dog while another dog is playing in the yard .	A dame has two dogs with her .
entailment	A dame holding one dog while another dog is playing in the yard .	A dame has two dogs with her .
entailment	A smiling girl slides down a purple slide foot first .	A daughter goes down a slide .
entailment	A smiling girls slides down a purple slide feet first .	A girl goes down a slide .
entailment	A smiling daughters slides down a purple slide foot first .	A daughter goes down a slide .
entailment	A youth being watched while getting something out of a tank .	The tank has an opening .
entailment	A smaller being watched while getting something out of a tank .	The tank has an opens .
entailment	A underage being watched while getting something out of a tank .	The tank has an open .
entailment	A smaller girls hunts a duck with bread in her hands .	A adolescence is hunt an animals .
entailment	A kid girl chasing a duck with bread in her hands .	A minors is chase an zoo .
entailment	A juveniles girls chase a duck with bread in her hands .	A kids is hunted an animals .
entailment	A juvenile mens dressed up with a yellow tie jumps against a wall and one footing is left against the wall to push away .	The youths masculine is jumping against a wall .
entailment	A minor men attired up with a yellow tie jumps against a wall and one footing is left against the wall to push away .	The teenage man is jumping against a wall .
entailment	A young masculine attired up with a yellow tie jumps against a wall and one footing is left against the wall to push away .	The adolescent male is jumping against a wall .
entailment	A boy watches a female walking amidst several concrete boxes .	A boy is watching a women .
entailment	A boy clocks a female walking amidst many concrete boxes .	A boy is watching a women .
entailment	A boy watches a female walking amidst numerous concrete boxes .	A boy is watching a women .
entailment	A closeup of an senior masculine with spectacles speaking .	An elderly masculine is discussions .
entailment	A closeup of an aging male with goggles speaking .	An antiquated man is conversations .
entailment	A closeup of an older man with goggles speaking .	An antique males is conversations .
entailment	An African-American male teens is riding a green cyclist while other people are searching at photographic on a board .	A boy is riding his motorcycle outside .
entailment	An African-American mens juveniles is riding a green motorcycles while other people are searching at photo on a board .	A boy is riding his motorbike outside .
entailment	An African-American male minors is riding a green bike while other people are quest at pictures on a board .	A boy is riding his biking outboard .
entailment	A skier is header into a grove of tree .	There is snowy on the ground in this photographer .
entailment	A skier is header into a grove of trees .	There is snowy on the ground in this photo .
entailment	A skier is header into a grove of trees .	There is snowy on the ground in this photographed .
entailment	A golden dog confines across the snow-covered hill .	A golden dog confines across the snow-covered land form .
entailment	A golden dog restrains across the snow-covered hill .	A golden dog limits across the snow-covered land form .
entailment	A golden dog limit across the snow-covered hill .	A golden dog border across the snow-covered land form .
entailment	A female in a white bridal attire and ruby red shoe , carry a white umbrella , stands atop a platform while handing a pamphlet to a middle-aged women passerby .	The woman is handing out information
entailment	A woman in a white bridal garb and ruby red shoe , carry a white umbrella , stands atop a platform while handing a flyer to a middle-aged woman passerby .	The female is handing out information
entailment	A females in a white bridal dress and ruby red footwear , carrying a white umbrella , stands atop a platform while handing a pamphlets to a middle-aged women passerby .	The females is handing out information
entailment	A masculine wearing a white shirt and blue jeans as well as a mask over his mouth stokes a fire .	A guy wearing a shirt and panties and a bandanna over his mouth commencement a blaze going .
entailment	A male wearing a white shirt and blue jeans as well as a mask over his mouth stokes a fire .	A guy wearing a shirt and slacks and a bandanna over his mouth initiate a blaze going .
entailment	A man wearing a white shirt and blue jeans as well as a mask over his mouth stokes a fire .	A guy wearing a shirt and pants and a bandanna over his mouth beginning a blaze going .
entailment	People landscaping and gardening the zone around the walkway .	People are care for their lawns
entailment	People landscaping and gardening the zone around the walkway .	People are care for their lawns
entailment	People landscaping and gardening the sphere around the walkway .	People are care for their lawns
entailment	two masculine playing basketball .	Two males are play sports
entailment	two man play basketball .	Two males are play sports
entailment	two males playing basketball .	Two men are play sports
entailment	woman 's soccer team compete on the field .	A female 's soccer game .
entailment	female 's soccer team compete on the field .	A woman 's soccer games .
entailment	female 's soccer team compete on the field .	A female 's soccer games .
entailment	Kids playing in the water in the medium of the street .	Kids are play in the water .
entailment	Kids play in the water in the media of the street .	Kids are playing in the water .
entailment	Kids play in the water in the media of the street .	Kids are play in the water .
entailment	A women wearing a purple with black polka-dot hoodie is rest on a bench in the sunshine .	A woman rests on a bench in the day
entailment	A females wearing a purple with negro polka-dot hoodie is rest on a bench in the sunlight .	A female rests on a bench in the day
entailment	A woman wearing a purple with black polka-dot hoodie is rest on a bench in the sunlight .	A woman rests on a bench in the day
entailment	A masculine wearing negro slacks , an orange and brown striped shirt , and a black bandanna in a `` just thrown a bowling ball '' position .	There is a negro bandana .
entailment	A male wearing negro underpants , an orange and brown striped shirt , and a negro bandanna in a `` just thrown a bowling ball '' position .	There is a negro bandana .
entailment	A males wearing negro slacks , an orange and brown striped shirt , and a black bandanna in a `` just thrown a billiard ball '' stance .	There is a negro bandana .
entailment	a man walks on the cold pavement .	The mens is outdoors .
entailment	a masculine walks on the chilly sidewalk .	The mens is outdoors .
entailment	a masculine walks on the colder pavement .	The masculine is outdoors .
entailment	A skateboarder with a black and white hat at the top of a leap on a snowy day .	A skateboarder is outdoors .
entailment	A skateboarder with a black and white hat at the top of a jump on a snowy day .	A skateboarder is outdoors .
entailment	A skateboarder with a black and white hat at the top of a jump on a snow day .	A skateboarder is outdoors .
entailment	A panels of people wait to crossed the street in new york	Group of people wait to crossed the street .
entailment	A panels of people waiting to crossed the street in new york	Group of people waiting to crossing the street .
entailment	A panels of people waiting to crossing the street in newer york	Group of people wait to crossed the street .
entailment	Two boys , surrounded by paper pieces , hold a thirds boys shirt to prevent him from grabbing a sac .	Two boys have paper and another boy is grabbing a satchel .
entailment	Two boys , surrounded by paper pieces , hold a third boys shirt to preventing him from grabbing a backpack .	Two boys have paper and another boy is grabbing a rucksack .
entailment	Two boys , surrounded by paper pieces , hold a third boys shirt to preventing him from grabbing a purse .	Two boys have paper and another boy is grabbing a knapsack .
entailment	A bearded men sits near a white van .	a man sitting exterior near a van .
entailment	A bearded mens sits near a white van .	a males sitting outdoor near a van .
entailment	A bearded males sits near a white van .	a males sitting exterior near a van .
entailment	A girl play a violin along with a group of people	A girls is play an instrument .
entailment	A daughters playing a violin along with a groups of people	A daughter is playing an instrument .
entailment	A girl play a violin along with a groups of people	A daughter is play an instrument .
entailment	A men stands by two face structures on Easter Island .	A mens on Easter Island .
entailment	A masculine stands by two face structures on Easter Island .	A man on Easter Island .
entailment	A masculine stands by two face structures on Easter Island .	A men on Easter Island .
entailment	The football player prepares to kick the ball .	A person is playing a sporting .
entailment	The football player prepares to kick the ball .	A persons is play a sports .
entailment	The football player prepares to kick the ball .	A persons is playing a sportsmen .
entailment	A men wearing a negro hat and coat makes a face with a crowd behind him .	A guy is standing near a crowd of people .
entailment	A mens wearing a black hat and coat makes a face with a crowd behind him .	A guy is standing near a crowd of people .
entailment	A males wearing a negro hat and coat makes a face with a crowd behind him .	A guy is standing near a crowd of people .
entailment	A mens in red shows is bowling with a red ball at a snooker lanes with Tecate announcements .	The man is billiard .
entailment	A masculine in red shows is billiard with a red ball at a billiard lanes with Tecate propaganda .	The mens is bowling .
entailment	A males in red shows is billiard with a red ball at a snooker lane with Tecate announces .	The male is billiard .
entailment	A small girls standing in the medium of a street cleared for an oncoming parade .	A daughters is by a parade .
entailment	A little daughters standing in the mid of a street cleared for an oncoming parade .	A girl is by a parade .
entailment	A small girls standing in the media of a street cleared for an oncoming parade .	A daughters is by a parade .
entailment	A mens in a dark jacket stands next to a men clothed in brown reaching down into a handbag .	Two males in dark sportswear , one is reaching into a sac .
entailment	A male in a dark jacket stands next to a male attired in brown reaching down into a purses .	Two men in dark sportswear , one is reaching into a handbag .
entailment	A males in a dark jacket stands next to a man clothed in brown reaching down into a satchel .	Two man in dark garment , one is reaching into a backpack .
entailment	Girl wearing white shirt singing on stages while playing guitar	A girls plays guitar and sing on stage .
entailment	Girl wearing white shirt singing on stages while play guitar	A daughters plays guitar and singing on stage .
entailment	Girl wearing white shirt sing on stage while playing guitar	A daughter plays guitar and singing on stage .
entailment	A bearded masculine wearing a blue shirt and white t-shirt is working on a fishing netted .	Someone is fixing a net .
entailment	A bearded masculine wearing a blue shirt and white t-shirt is working on a fishing net .	Someone is fixing a net .
entailment	A bearded men wearing a blue shirt and white t-shirt is working on a fishing net .	Someone is fixing a netted .
entailment	A bearded mens wearing a blue shirt and white t-shirt is working on a fishing netted .	Someone is preparing to catch fish .
entailment	A bearded male wearing a blue shirt and white t-shirt is working on a fishing netted .	Someone is preparing to catch fish .
entailment	A bearded man wearing a blue shirt and white t-shirt is working on a fishing netted .	Someone is preparing to catch fish .
entailment	An impoverished person , wearing a torn brown shirt and no footwear , is kneeling down along the banks of a rubbish infested agency of water .	A poor person in tattered clothing kneels by the rubbish filled organ of water .
entailment	An destitute individuals , wearing a torn brown shirt and no shoes , is kneeling down along the banks of a trash infested organs of water .	A poor persons in tattered garment kneels by the trash filled bodies of water .
entailment	An destitute individuals , wearing a torn brown shirt and no shoe , is kneeling down along the banks of a rubbish infested bodies of water .	A poor individuals in tattered garment kneels by the rubbish filled organ of water .
entailment	The aged woman smiles as she holds up a hammer .	A female is holding a tool .
entailment	The elderly woman smiles as she holds up a hammer .	A women is holding a tool .
entailment	The aged woman smiles as she holds up a hammer .	A women is holding a tool .
entailment	A women poses with spectacles shaped like dollar signs and a silver baggage tag `` LUCKY '' full of bill .	A female is posing for a image .
entailment	A females poses with spectacles shaped like dollar signs and a silver luggage tagged `` LUCKY '' full of bills .	A female is posing for a picture .
entailment	A woman poses with goggles shaped like dollar signs and a silver baggage tagging `` LUCKY '' full of bills .	A woman is posing for a photographer .
entailment	A female with a red scarf , white shirt , and tan shorts is giving a shushing sign to the camera in front of shelves of books .	a females in a scarf
entailment	A woman with a red scarf , white shirt , and tan shorts is giving a shushing sign to the camera in front of shelves of ledger .	a females in a scarf
entailment	A women with a red scarf , white shirt , and tan shorts is giving a shushing sign to the camera in front of shelves of ledger .	a woman in a scarf
entailment	A female in a black coat eats dinner while her dog looks on .	A females is wearing a black coat
entailment	A female in a negro coat eats dinner while her dog looks on .	A women is wearing a negro coat
entailment	A woman in a negro coat eats dinner while her dog looks on .	A female is wearing a negro coat
entailment	A man with sunglasses sitting at a restaurant staring at something that is not shown .	a men at a restaurant
entailment	A males with eyeglasses sitting at a restaurant staring at something that is not shown .	a mens at a restaurant
entailment	A males with goggles sitting at a restaurant staring at something that is not shown .	a men at a restaurant
entailment	Cheerleaders in blue performing on a football field underneath a yellow football purposes post .	A groups of people dancing outdoors .
entailment	Cheerleaders in blue performing on a football field underneath a yellow football goals post .	A group of people dance outdoors .
entailment	Cheerleaders in blue performing on a football field underneath a yellow football aims post .	A groups of people dance outdoors .
entailment	a masculine in a red shirt is laying on the grass reaching out to another persons .	A masculine in red is holding out his hand .
entailment	a males in a red shirt is laying on the grass reaching out to another individuals .	A male in red is holding out his hand .
entailment	a mens in a red shirt is laying on the grass reaching out to another individuals .	A masculine in red is holding out his hand .
entailment	A man sits writing at a table set up on a pavement .	A mens sits exterior .
entailment	A males sits write at a tables set up on a pavement .	A man sits exterior .
entailment	A mens sits writing at a table set up on a pavement .	A men sits outer .
entailment	A panel of people look to the side and a boy initiation to run .	The boy initiation running .
entailment	A panels of people look to the side and a boy starts to run .	The boy commencement running .
entailment	A panels of people look to the side and a boy commencement to run .	The boy launch running .
entailment	A males and a female embracing on the pavement .	A woman and a masculine are outside .
entailment	A masculine and a women embracing on the sidewalk .	A woman and a males are outside .
entailment	A males and a women embracing on the pavement .	A woman and a mens are outboard .
entailment	A daughters in a blue leotard hula hoops on a stage with balloon shapes in the background .	A daughters is entertaining on stage
entailment	A daughter in a blue leotard hula hoops on a stages with balloon shapes in the background .	A girls is entertaining on stage
entailment	A girl in a blue leotard hula hoops on a stages with balloon shapes in the background .	A daughter is entertaining on stage
entailment	A male in an army uniform speaks into a microphone .	A solider speaks into the microphone .
entailment	A men in an army uniformed speaks into a microphone .	A solider speaks into the microphone .
entailment	A masculine in an army uniforms speaks into a microphone .	A servicemen speaks into the mics .
entailment	Workers are scattered among the scaffolding on an age building .	There are workers on the scaffolding .
entailment	Workers are scattered among the scaffolding on an outdated building .	There are workers on the scaffolding .
entailment	Workers are scattered among the scaffolding on an age building .	There are workers on the scaffolding .
entailment	A couple sits in the grass .	People are outboard .
entailment	A couple sits in the grass .	People are outer .
entailment	A couple sits in the grass .	People are exterior .
entailment	A females is petting a dog exterior .	A persons and an animal are interacting out of doors .
entailment	A women is petting a dog exterior .	A person and an zoo are interacting out of doors .
entailment	A females is petting a dog outer .	A persons and an animal are interacting out of doors .
entailment	Three female are smiling and making cupcakes .	The three females are happy roughly baking cupcakes .
entailment	Three females are smiling and making cupcakes .	The three female are happy approximately baking cupcakes .
entailment	Three women are smiling and making cupcakes .	The three female are happy about baking cupcakes .
entailment	two mens 's in a kicks class , one who is in the airplanes with a blue and orange belt and one who is roughly to get kicked in the face .	two people do karate
entailment	two man 's in a kicks class , one who is in the aeroplane with a blue and orange belt and one who is roughly to get kicked in the face .	two people do karate
entailment	two mens 's in a karate class , one who is in the airways with a blue and orange belt and one who is about to get kicked in the face .	two people do karate
entailment	Two man in karate gear using struggles sticks .	two kicks masculine sparring with sticks
entailment	Two mens in karate gear using tussle sticks .	two karate men sparring with sticks
entailment	Two masculine in karate gear using battling sticks .	two kicks males sparring with sticks
entailment	A teenage masculine in a gray shirt hover over his beer bottle and Guinness glass pulling green things out of his beard .	The males holding the beer and beer glass manages to pull the green pieces from of his beard .
entailment	A teenaged men in a gray shirt hovers over his beer bottle and Guinness glass pulling green things out of his beard .	The male holding the beer and beer glass manages to pull the green pieces from of his beard .
entailment	A youth male in a gray shirt hovers over his beer bottle and Guinness glass pulling green things out of his beard .	The mens holding the beer and beer glass manages to pull the green pieces from of his beard .
entailment	A white duck is spread its wings while sitting on the water .	There is an zoo in the water .
entailment	A white duck is spread its wings while sitting on the water .	There is an zoo in the water .
entailment	A white duck is spreading its wings while sitting on the water .	There is an animals in the water .
entailment	A panel of daughter jumping over another daughters who is laying on the floor .	A gorup of girl is junping over each other .
entailment	A groups of girl jumping over another daughter who is laying on the floor .	A gorup of daughters is junping over each other .
entailment	A group of girls jumping over another girls who is laying on the floor .	A gorup of daughter is junping over each other .
entailment	Men in tricky hats work along a wall .	Guys are working near a wall .
entailment	Men in tough hats work along a wall .	Guys are working near a wall .
entailment	Men in stiff hats work along a wall .	Guys are working near a wall .
entailment	A grouping of daughter jumping over another girl who is laying on the floor .	A panel of girl is play .
entailment	A panel of daughter jumping over another daughter who is laying on the floor .	A grouping of daughter is play .
entailment	A group of girls jumping over another girls who is laying on the floor .	A panel of daughter is playing .
entailment	Man on mopeds with female standing on rear of back with pistol around his neck .	There are two people near a bicycles .
entailment	Man on motorcycle with female standing on rear of back with gunpoint around his neck .	There are two people near a bikes .
entailment	Man on mopeds with women standing on rear of back with firearms around his neck .	There are two people near a bike .
entailment	A females in a teal apron prepares a meal at a restaurant .	A females in restaurant
entailment	A women in a teal apron prepares a meal at a restaurant .	A female in restaurant
entailment	A women in a teal apron prepares a meal at a restaurant .	A woman in restaurant
entailment	Two males in orange uniforms stand prior a train and do some work .	Humans working .
entailment	Two masculine in orange uniform stand before a train and do some work .	Humans working .
entailment	Two male in orange standardized stand prior a train and do some work .	Humans working .
entailment	A antique men in a hat is playing a accordion on the street while sitting in a chair .	A man is wearing a hat .
entailment	A senior mens in a hat is play a accordion on the street while sitting in a chairs .	A masculine is wearing a hat .
entailment	A aging males in a hat is playing a accordion on the street while sitting in a chairs .	A male is wearing a hat .
entailment	Family members standing outboard a home .	A families is standing exterior .
entailment	Family members standing outdoor a home .	A families is standing outside .
entailment	Family member standing exterior a home .	A families is standing outdoor .
entailment	A boy drags his sled through the snow .	a boy drags a sled
entailment	A boy drags his sled through the snowy .	a boy drags a sled
entailment	A boy drags his sled through the snowy .	a boy drags a sled
entailment	A man wearing glasses and a ragged costume is playing a Jaguar electricity guitar and sing with the accompaniment of a drummer .	A males with glasses and a disheveled outfit is play a guitar and sings along with a drummer .
entailment	A male wearing spectacles and a ragged costume is play a Jaguar electricity guitar and sing with the accompaniment of a drummer .	A masculine with glasses and a disheveled outfit is play a guitar and singing along with a drummer .
entailment	A male wearing glasses and a ragged costume is play a Jaguar electrified guitar and sung with the accompaniment of a drummer .	A mens with spectacles and a disheveled outfit is playing a guitar and sung along with a drummer .
entailment	A woman dancer wearing all white dancing while a photographer wearing all white takes her photography .	A daughter dancing and photos take a photo
entailment	A female dancer wearing all white dance while a photographs wearing all white takes her photographer .	A daughter dance and picture take a photo
entailment	A females dancer wearing all white dancing while a images wearing all white takes her photograph .	A girls dances and photographic take a photo
entailment	Two females are observing something together .	Two daughters are quest at something .
entailment	Two woman are observing something together .	Two girl are looking at something .
entailment	Two women are observing something together .	Two girls are searching at something .
entailment	A men in a black leather jacket and a book in his hand speaks in a classroom .	A masculine is speaking in a classroom .
entailment	A mens in a negro leather jacket and a book in his hand speaks in a classroom .	A masculine is speaking in a classroom .
entailment	A masculine in a black leather jacket and a book in his hand speaks in a classroom .	A masculine is speaking in a classroom .
entailment	The farmers are out working stiff on there tractor , they have on their overalls and the machine is nearly fixed .	Men in overalls work to fix a tractor .
entailment	The farmers are out working hard on there tractor , they have on their overalls and the machine is nearly stationary .	Men in overalls work to fix a tractor .
entailment	The farmers are out working difficult on there tractor , they have on their overalls and the machine is almost fixed .	Men in overalls work to fix a tractor .
entailment	The farmers are out working tough on there tractor , they have on their overalls and the machine is nearly fixed .	Overall wearing people are working to fix a tractor .
entailment	The farmers are out working harsh on there tractor , they have on their overalls and the machine is almost fixed .	Overall wearing people are working to fix a tractor .
entailment	The farmers are out working tough on there tractor , they have on their overalls and the machine is almost fixed .	Overall wearing people are working to fix a tractor .
entailment	Two men working on farm equipment that is being pulled by two horses .	The masculine are working on farm stuff .
entailment	Two male working on farm equipment that is being pulled by two horses .	The males are working on farm stuff .
entailment	Two mens working on farm equipment that is being pulled by two horses .	The man are working on farm stuff .
entailment	A Skier ski-jumping while two other skiers watch his act .	A skier preparing a trick
entailment	A Skier ski-jumping while two other skiers watch his act .	A skier preparing a trick
entailment	A Skier ski-jumping while two other skiers watch his act .	A skier preparing a trick
entailment	Three juveniles boys enjoying a day at the beach .	The boys are in the beach
entailment	Three youths boys enjoying a day at the beach .	The boys are in the beach
entailment	Three teenager boys enjoying a day at the beach .	The boys are in the beach
entailment	Three teenagers boys enjoying a day at the beach .	The boys are young
entailment	Three child boys enjoying a day at the beach .	The boys are young
entailment	Three miner boys enjoying a day at the beach .	The boys are young
entailment	Three child hold a boy 's shotguns down while another boy in a hat shoots a water gunpoint at him .	There are fifth teenager .
entailment	Three youthful hold a boy 's firearm down while another boy in a hat shoots a water gun at him .	There are five teens .
entailment	Three underage hold a boy 's shotguns down while another boy in a hat shoots a water pistols at him .	There are fifth smaller .
entailment	A dog runs .	The dog runs
entailment	A dog runs .	The dog runs
entailment	A dog runs .	The dog runs
neutral	This church choir sing to the masses as they sung joyous hymns from the book at a church .	The church has cracks in the ceilings .
neutral	This church choir sings to the masses as they sung joyous hymns from the book at a church .	The church has cracks in the caps .
neutral	This church choir singing to the masses as they singing joyous hymns from the book at a church .	The church has cracks in the chap .
neutral	A statue at a museum that no seems to be searching at .	The statue is offensive and people are mad that it is on display .
neutral	A statue at a museum that no seems to be looking at .	The statue is offensive and people are mad that it is on display .
neutral	A statue at a museum that no seems to be searches at .	The statue is offensive and people are mad that it is on display .
neutral	A brown and negro dog runs on the grass outdoors in front of a pavement .	The large dog is playing with a toy .
neutral	A brown and black dog runs on the grass outdoors in front of a sidewalk .	The gigantic dog is playing with a toy .
neutral	A brown and negro dog runs on the grass outdoors in front of a pavement .	The large dog is play with a toy .
neutral	A negro ma in an orange attire with her two petite boys and husband at an outside marketplace stand .	A negro family selling fresh produce in an outer market
neutral	A negro moms in an orange frock with her two little boys and husband at an outboard markets stand .	A black families sold fresh produce in an outboard market
neutral	A black mam in an orange dress with her two small boys and husband at an exterior marketplace stand .	A black family sold fresh produce in an exterior market
neutral	A panel of kids playing on a colorful structure .	A group of youngsters are outdoors .
neutral	A panels of minor play on a colorful structure .	A grouping of youths are outdoors .
neutral	A grouping of minor playing on a colorful structure .	A groups of adolescents are outdoors .
neutral	A grouping of miners playing on a colorful structure .	A groups of teen are playing in the city park .
neutral	A groups of miner play on a colorful structure .	A groups of kid are playing in the town park .
neutral	A grouping of teenagers playing on a colorful structure .	A groups of miner are play in the town park .
neutral	A male walking and carry a notepad .	The male is on his manner to class .
neutral	A male walking and carrying a portable .	The male is on his manner to class .
neutral	A mens walking and carry a notebook .	The males is on his way to class .
neutral	A masculine in an overcoat putting on his gloves at a metro station .	A persons is wait for the train .
neutral	A man in an overcoat putting on his gloves at a underground station .	A persons is waiting for the train .
neutral	A mens in an overcoat putting on his gloves at a underground station .	A individuals is wait for the train .
neutral	One confused mens is standing and staring off into the distance in front of some tickets collecting machines .	The males is confused because he does n't know where he is .
neutral	One confused male is standing and staring off into the distance in front of some tickets collecting machines .	The masculine is confused because he does n't know where he is .
neutral	One confused masculine is standing and staring off into the distance in front of some tickets collect machines .	The man is confused because he does n't know where he is .
neutral	Three mens , one holding pipes , another holding a vast object above his head , and one resting against the tubing bed on the truck , are searching at the camera .	three masculine going to work
neutral	Three male , one holding tube , another holding a huge object above his head , and one resting against the tube bed on the truck , are searching at the camera .	three man going to work
neutral	Three men , one holding pipes , another holding a vast object above his head , and one rest against the tube bed on the truck , are looking at the camera .	three masculine going to work
neutral	Under the glaring light of a fluorescent bulb , mens in dark apparel and hats approach fare valentines machines ; one elderly males in a blue scarf glances up as he puts on his gloves .	The male are putting on their dress prior going into the chilly weather .
neutral	Under the glaring light of a fluorescent bulb , males in dark garment and hats approaches fare cards machines ; one elders masculine in a blue scarf glances up as he puts on his gloves .	The men are putting on their attire prior going into the frigid weather .
neutral	Under the glaring light of a fluorescent bulb , men in dark garment and hats approach fare cards machines ; one elders men in a blue scarf glances up as he puts on his gloves .	The male are putting on their garb before going into the icy weather .
neutral	two dogs tussle over a pink and red toy	The dogs are in the backyard .
neutral	two dogs combat over a pink and red toy	The dogs are in the backyard .
neutral	two dogs fights over a pink and red toy	The dogs are in the backyard .
neutral	A persons wearing a red shirt is falling off a white surfboard .	A surfer is being flung in to the waves after hiting a hefty crest .
neutral	A individuals wearing a red shirt is falling off a white surfboard .	A surfer is being flung in to the waves after hiting a immense crest .
neutral	A individuals wearing a red shirt is falling off a white surfboard .	A surfer is being flung in to the waves after hiting a large crest .
neutral	A male is walking past a huge sign that says E.S.E. Electronics .	The men works at E.S.E Electronics .
neutral	A male is walking past a gigantic sign that says E.S.E. Electronics .	The male works at E.S.E Electronics .
neutral	A masculine is walking past a big sign that says E.S.E. Electronics .	The man works at E.S.E Electronics .
neutral	An African American man is posing in front of an E.S.E. Electronics announced billboard after purchasing item from the local liquor boutique .	Man takes a pictures with advertiser after purchasing their branding of liquor at a boutique they are encourage .
neutral	An African American masculine is posing in front of an E.S.E. Electronics declares billboard after purchasing items from the local liquor boutique .	Man takes a picture with advertiser after purchases their branding of liquor at a store they are promotion .
neutral	An African American males is posing in front of an E.S.E. Electronics advertisement billboard after purchasing items from the local liquor boutique .	Man takes a photographing with advertiser after buying their brand of liquor at a store they are encourages .
neutral	A crowd of people are packets into a underground motors .	A crowd of people are headed to work .
neutral	A crowd of people are packing into a underground autos .	A crowd of people are headed to work .
neutral	A crowd of people are bundles into a underpass vehicles .	A crowd of people are headed to work .
neutral	A daughter wearing a scarf is brushing a horse .	A daughters is brushing a equestrian after coming back from a ride in the snow .
neutral	A daughter wearing a scarf is brushing a equestrian .	A girls is brushing a horse after coming back from a ride in the snow .
neutral	A daughter wearing a scarf is brushing a horse .	A daughters is brushing a horse after coming back from a ride in the snow .
neutral	A girl in a white knit hat and winter gear rubs her tongue over her braces .	The daughter is outboard .
neutral	A daughters in a white knitted hat and winter gear rubs her tongue over her braces .	The daughter is outside .
neutral	A daughters in a white knitting hat and winter gear rubs her tongue over her braces .	The daughters is outboard .
neutral	A crowd walks about a square at nighttime with smokers or fog drifting over them .	A group of people walk through tear gas .
neutral	A crowd walks approximately a squares at night with smoking or fog drifting over them .	A grouping of people walk through tear gas .
neutral	A crowd walks roughly a squares at night with cigarettes or fog drifting over them .	A group of people walk through tear gas .
neutral	An Asian woman enjoys a nice treat	The Asian women is eating icing cream .
neutral	An Asian female enjoys a nice treat	The Asian women is eating ice cream .
neutral	An Asian female enjoys a nice treat	The Asian women is eating frosting cream .
neutral	A schoolgirl is jumping over a low obstacle .	A daughter is play a sportsman in which she is jumping over a hurdles .
neutral	A schoolgirl is jumping over a low barriers .	A girl is playing a athletic in which she is jumping over a impediment .
neutral	A schoolgirl is jumping over a low hurdles .	A girls is playing a athletic in which she is jumping over a barrier .
neutral	A females is seen from above apply red nail polish to her toes , as they rest on a leather seats .	The females is sitting next to someone .
neutral	A female is seen from above apply red nail polish to her toes , as they resting on a leather seats .	The woman is sitting next to someone .
neutral	A female is seen from above apply red nail polish to her toes , as they rest on a leather seats .	The woman is sitting next to someone .
neutral	Kids playing on the rocks with a steamship in the background .	The youths are play labeling .
neutral	Kids play on the rocks with a steamed in the background .	The minor are playing labeling .
neutral	Kids play on the rocks with a steamed in the background .	The adolescence are play labeled .
neutral	A Ford car is making a right turn as 3 man are walking across the street behind the vehicular .	A sedan was turning a nook as walkers were crossed .
neutral	A Ford vehicle is making a rights turning as 3 males are walking across the street behind the automobiles .	A sedan was turn a cornering as walkers were crossing .
neutral	A Ford vehicle is making a right turning as 3 men are walking across the street behind the car .	A sedan was turning a nook as walkers were cross .
neutral	A men , wearing a white hating and spectacles , is sitting in a white truck that says `` Coast Gas '' .	A masculine is sitting on a truck at a gas station .
neutral	A males , wearing a white hate and glasses , is sitting in a white truck that says `` Coast Gas '' .	A men is sitting on a truck at a gas station .
neutral	A man , wearing a white hates and glasses , is sitting in a white truck that says `` Coast Gas '' .	A man is sitting on a truck at a gas station .
neutral	A Lady in a Green and Black Jacket , and Blue underclothes , taking a Photos of a Horse .	The photographs is being paying to photography feral stallions .
neutral	A Lady in a Green and Black Jacket , and Blue panties , taking a Photos of a Horse .	The photos is being wages to photograph wild stallions .
neutral	A Lady in a Green and Black Jacket , and Blue undergarments , taking a Photos of a Horse .	The images is being wages to picture feral stallions .
neutral	This person in a yellow kayak is riding the quickly .	This person is going to the waterfall
neutral	This person in a yellow kayak is riding the rapids .	This person is going to the waterfall
neutral	This individuals in a yellow kayak is riding the rapids .	This persons is going to the waterfall
neutral	A male in a mask in the back of a servicing cars .	A robber is in a policeman auto .
neutral	A mens in a mask in the back of a servicing automobiles .	A robber is in a policing motor .
neutral	A masculine in a mask in the back of a service motor .	A robber is in a cops automobile .
neutral	A horse has fallen down on the green grass and the jockey riding on top is trying his hardest to not fall off .	The equestrian tripped on a rock .
neutral	A horse has fallen down on the green grass and the jockey riding on top is trying his hardest to not fall off .	The horse tripped on a rock .
neutral	A equestrian has fallen down on the green grass and the jockey riding on top is trying his hardest to not fall off .	The horse tripped on a rock .
neutral	A person with an orange shovel is shoveling snowy .	The person is clearing their snowed up driveway
neutral	A person with an orange shovel is shoveling snowy .	The persons is clearing their snowed up driveway
neutral	A persons with an orange shovel is shoveling snow .	The individuals is clearing their snowed up driveway
neutral	Workers wearing orange vests stand near rail trails .	Workers wearing orange are approximately to repair rail tracks .
neutral	Workers wearing orange vests stand near rail tracks .	Workers wearing orange are about to repairs rail trails .
neutral	Workers wearing orange vests stand near rail trails .	Workers wearing orange are roughly to repairs rail tracks .
neutral	A members of a Bergwacht team leads a sled laden with orange material while on ski as his colleague stands in the foreground .	A mens is on on skis on the mountain .
neutral	A member of a Bergwacht team leads a sled laden with orange materials while on skis as his colleague stands in the foreground .	A man is on on skis on the mountain .
neutral	A member of a Bergwacht team leads a sled laden with orange materials while on ski as his colleague stands in the foreground .	A man is on on skis on the mountain .
neutral	A skateboarder is performing a grab ploy while hovering above a ramp , which is located within a city .	A skateboarder is at a skatepark with his friends showing off his moves .
neutral	A skateboarder is performing a grab ploy while hovering above a ramp , which is located within a town .	A skateboarder is at a skatepark with his friends showing off his moves .
neutral	A skateboarder is performing a grab ploy while hovering above a ramp , which is located within a city .	A skateboarder is at a skatepark with his friends showing off his moves .
neutral	A miner boy giving his brother a piggyback ride	a boy is giving his brother a piggyback ride in the park
neutral	A child boy giving his brother a piggyback ride	a boy is giving his brother a piggyback ride in the park
neutral	A juveniles boy giving his brother a piggyback ride	a boy is giving his brother a piggyback ride in the park
neutral	A woman teaching a ballet class consisting of petite kids holding colourful scarves .	A women is teaching a ballet class comprised of little teenagers holding green and red scarves .
neutral	A female teaching a ballet class composed of little child holding colourful scarves .	A woman is teaching a ballet class composed of petite teenager holding green and red scarves .
neutral	A females teaching a ballet class composed of little adolescents holding colourful scarves .	A woman is teaching a ballet class comprised of petite teenaged holding green and red scarves .
neutral	A nude chested smiling youngsters plays in water .	There is a underage getting naked in the water .
neutral	A bare chested smiling miners plays in water .	There is a adolescent getting bare in the water .
neutral	A naked chested smiling children plays in water .	There is a adolescence getting nude in the water .
neutral	A naked chested smiling juveniles plays in water .	There is a bare kid in the water .
neutral	A hairless chested smiling adolescent plays in water .	There is a naked juveniles in the water .
neutral	A bare chested smiling adolescent plays in water .	There is a nude kid in the water .
neutral	The two boys are swimming with boogie boards .	The two boys are swimming and catching a wave
neutral	The two boys are swimming with boogie boards .	The two boys are swim and catching a wave
neutral	The two boys are swim with boogie boards .	The two boys are swim and catching a wave
neutral	A man in a suit with a purple striped tie conversation to a dame wearing eyeglasses .	A males is conversations to a dame about the weather .
neutral	A men in a suit with a purple striped tie talking to a lady wearing eyeglasses .	A male is conversation to a lady roughly the weather .
neutral	A masculine in a suit with a purple striped tie discussions to a lady wearing sunglasses .	A men is talking to a dame approximately the weather .
neutral	Three daughter are standing and conversation to each other .	Three girls are laughing
neutral	Three daughter are standing and conversation to each other .	Three girls are laughing
neutral	Three daughter are standing and discussions to each other .	Three girl are laughing
neutral	People are standing next to a string link fencing .	The people are at a school .
neutral	People are standing next to a chain link fencing .	The people are at a school .
neutral	People are standing next to a string link fences .	The people are at a school .
neutral	Two guys walking , one carrying a skateboard	The male are walking to the park .
neutral	Two guys walking , one carry a skateboard	The male are walking to the park .
neutral	Two guys walking , one carrying a skateboard	The masculine are walking to the park .
neutral	A mens racer in an orange and white t-shirt and negro shorts is sprinting down the track .	A tall person running
neutral	A mens runner in an orange and white t-shirt and black shorts is sprinting down the track .	A tall persons running
neutral	A man racer in an orange and white t-shirt and negro shorts is sprinting down the track .	A tall individuals running
neutral	Three adolescence are play with an lighted water art display .	Three teen are swearing at an lit water art display
neutral	Three children are play with an lighted water art display .	Three teenaged are swearing at an lit water art display
neutral	Three miners are play with an lighted water art display .	Three kid are swearing at an illuminated water art display
neutral	Kids playing in water coming up in streams out of a tiled floor with an photographer of a monumental rose on it .	Kids are play at the fountain at a local mall .
neutral	Kids play in water coming up in flows out of a tiled floor with an photographed of a large rose on it .	Kids are play at the fountain at a local mall .
neutral	Kids playing in water coming up in flows out of a tiled floor with an photography of a overwhelming rose on it .	Kids are play at the fountain at a local mall .
neutral	A female is in the medium of hitting a tennis ball .	A women had a tennis racquet .
neutral	A female is in the middle of hitting a tennis ball .	A woman had a tennis racquet .
neutral	A females is in the middle of hitting a tennis ball .	A female had a tennis racquet .
neutral	A females with short blond-hair rise from a chairs as another woman in a burgundy shirt laughs .	A woman is getting poised to box
neutral	A women with short blond-hair rises from a chairs as another woman in a burgundy shirt laughs .	A females is getting poised to box
neutral	A female with short blond-hair rise from a chairs as another female in a burgundy shirt laughs .	A woman is getting ready to box
neutral	A females with short blond-hair rise from a chair as another female in a burgundy shirt laughs .	A females is getting up to get some water
neutral	A female with short blond-hair rises from a chair as another woman in a burgundy shirt laughs .	A female is getting up to get some water
neutral	A female with short blond-hair rise from a chairs as another female in a burgundy shirt laughs .	A woman is getting up to get some water
neutral	A crowd of people searching up at 3 people on the edge of the roof of a building .	The crowd is call for assisting for the people on the roof .
neutral	A crowd of people looking up at 3 people on the edge of the roof of a building .	The crowd is calling for assisting for the people on the roof .
neutral	A crowd of people search up at 3 people on the edge of the roof of a building .	The crowd is calling for helping for the people on the roof .
neutral	Here is an propaganda for everybody roughly the beach .	The announcing for the beach is a warnings .
neutral	Here is an publicity for everybody approximately the beach .	The announcement for the beach is a warns .
neutral	Here is an promotional for everybody approximately the beach .	The ads for the beach is a alert .
neutral	A individuals in a yellow helmet rock climbing while another persons waits on the ground with the tether .	The helmet has a stripe on it .
neutral	A person in a yellow helmet rock climb while another persons waits on the ground with the tether .	The helmet has a stripe on it .
neutral	A person in a yellow helmet rock climb while another person waits on the ground with the tether .	The helmet has a stripe on it .
neutral	Two Asian people cook on a grill in a park .	A couple are having a picnic in a park .
neutral	Two Asian people cooking on a grille in a park .	A couple are having a picnic in a park .
neutral	Two Asian people cooks on a grill in a park .	A couple are having a picnic in a park .
neutral	Two Asian people cooking on a grill in a park .	There are hot dogs and hamburgs on the grill .
neutral	Two Asian people cook on a grill in a park .	There are hot dogs and hamburgs on the grill .
neutral	Two Asian people cook on a grill in a park .	There are hot dogs and hamburgs on the grille .
neutral	A group of miners quest at the contents of a slide through a microscope displayed on a computer screen .	The teens like sciences .
neutral	A panels of young searching at the contents of a slide through a microscope displayed on a computer screen .	The miner like sciences .
neutral	A grouping of kid searches at the contents of a slide through a microscope displayed on a computer screen .	The kid like scientific .
neutral	A panel of masculine and boys look upwards at something .	A group of coaches are showing their team the scoreboard .
neutral	A panel of mens and boys look upwards at something .	A groups of coaching are showing their team the scoreboard .
neutral	A panel of man and boys look upwards at something .	A groups of coach are showing their team the scoreboard .
neutral	A brown dog runs through a grassy field	A dog hunting a rabbit .
neutral	A brown dog runs through a grassy field	A dog hunting a bunny .
neutral	A brown dog runs through a grassy field	A dog hunted a bunny .
neutral	A girls jumps in the jets .	A jump roping daughters .
neutral	A daughters jumps in the aviation .	A jump roping daughter .
neutral	A daughter jumps in the midair .	A jump roping daughter .
neutral	A daughters jumps in the aeroplane .	A daughter jumps high .
neutral	A girl jumps in the aerial .	A daughter jumps high .
neutral	A daughters jumps in the midair .	A daughter jumps high .
neutral	Man in red jacket is opening the gate while holding his motor keys .	The masculine was holding the door for his girlfreind
neutral	Man in red jacket is open the gate while holding his automobile keys .	The mens was holding the door for his girlfreind
neutral	Man in red jacket is opens the gate while holding his car key .	The men was holding the gate for his girlfreind
neutral	youngsters are searching at something on a table .	Some minors are quest at an insect on the kitchen tables .
neutral	underage are looking at something on a table .	Some youngsters are search at an insect on the kitchen tables .
neutral	teenagers are quest at something on a tables .	Some youngsters are looking at an insect on the kitchen table .
neutral	A woman working long hours .	A woman is working in a factory .
neutral	A female working lengthy hours .	A women is working in a mills .
neutral	A females working long hours .	A female is working in a mill .
neutral	skateboarder sliding down a ramp	A skateboarder is doing tricks for a competitions .
neutral	skateboarder sliding down a ramp	A skateboarder is doing tricks for a competitions .
neutral	skateboarder sliding down a ramp	A skateboarder is doing tricks for a contest .
neutral	skateboarder sliding down a ramp	A skateboarder is taking pictures of himself with his telephone .
neutral	skateboarder sliding down a ramp	A skateboarder is taking photographer of himself with his phones .
neutral	skateboarder sliding down a ramp	A skateboarder is taking photographed of itself with his phones .
neutral	A person dressed in winter apparel poses with a snowman surrounded by snowy covered landscape .	A snowman is being photographed with its creator .
neutral	A persons attired in winter apparel poses with a snowman surrounded by snowy cover landscape .	A snowman is being photograph with its creator .
neutral	A individuals clothed in winter clothing poses with a snowman surrounded by snow cover landscape .	A snowman is being picture with its creator .
neutral	Baby in running in over-sized flip-flops .	A baby is running in her large sisters flip-flops .
neutral	Baby in running in over-sized flip-flops .	A baby is running in her big sisters flip-flops .
neutral	Baby in running in over-sized flip-flops .	A baby is running in her monumental sisters flip-flops .
neutral	youngsters holding handles on two wheel object	The adolescent is riding a bicycles .
neutral	child holding handles on two wheels object	The youthful is riding a cyclist .
neutral	kid holding handles on two wheel object	The juveniles is riding a motorbikes .
neutral	There is a grouping of juveniles getting their pictures taken with presents .	Young youth opens presents under a monumental Christmas trees .
neutral	There is a panel of youngsters getting their photography taken with presents .	Young juvenile openings presents under a mammoth Christmas tree .
neutral	There is a panels of youths getting their photographic taken with presents .	Young kid opens presents under a monumental Christmas tree .
neutral	A males is walking in the street .	A buisness masculine is discussions a walk on his lunchbreak .
neutral	A men is walking in the street .	A buisness mens is talking a walk on his lunchbreak .
neutral	A males is walking in the street .	A buisness male is talking a walk on his lunchbreak .
neutral	The overwhelming dog is check out the underage dog .	A ma dog check up on her baby doberman .
neutral	The large dog is checking out the youngsters dog .	A ma dog audit up on her baby rottweiler .
neutral	The enormous dog is checking out the youth dog .	A momma dog check up on her baby puppy .
neutral	A men stands speaking to a crowd of sitting people , all wearing ventures attire .	A stock broker is speaking at a Wall Street conference .
neutral	A men stands speaking to a crowd of sitting people , all wearing business frock .	A stocks broker is speaking at a Wall Street conference .
neutral	A males stands speaking to a crowd of sitting people , all wearing company dress .	A stock broker is speaking at a Wall Street conference .
neutral	A women is standing near three storage , two have beautiful artwork and the other store has Largo written on it .	A females stands outside of two art shops decide which one to go into on a street cornering .
neutral	A woman is standing near three stores , two have beautiful artwork and the other boutique has Largo written on it .	A female stands outboard of two art shops decide which one to go into on a street corner .
neutral	A female is standing near three stores , two have beautiful artwork and the other boutique has Largo written on it .	A female stands outer of two art shops decide which one to go into on a street nook .
neutral	A persons is on a four wheeler kicking up a lot of filth in a dune .	The persons is in a errand .
neutral	A person is on a four wheeler kicking up a batch of dirt in a dune .	The person is in a racing .
neutral	A person is on a four wheeler kicking up a lot of dirt in a dune .	The person is in a errand .
neutral	A person is on a four wheeler kicking up a lot of filth in a dune .	The person is riding a huge wheel .
neutral	A individuals is on a four wheeler kicking up a lot of dirt in a dune .	The persons is riding a enormous wheel .
neutral	A individuals is on a four wheeler kicking up a lot of filth in a dune .	The persons is riding a immense wheels .
neutral	An expensive automobiles is parked in what looks like a car-wash with a man standing at the open traveller door side .	The men is on his cell telephone .
neutral	An expensive automobile is parked in what looks like a car-wash with a mens standing at the opens travelers gate side .	The male is on his cell phones .
neutral	An expensive car is parked in what looks like a car-wash with a masculine standing at the opening travelers gate side .	The male is on his cell telephone .
neutral	Man and woman standing under a red umbrella .	The matrimony couple stood under the umbrella .
neutral	Man and woman standing under a red umbrella .	The matrimony couple stood under the umbrella .
neutral	Man and females standing under a red umbrella .	The married couple stood under the umbrella .
neutral	A masculine holding some sorts of vegetables while his wife in a red sweater stares to the side , and his girl in a red sweater looks at the camera .	A families poses for a Christmas images .
neutral	A mens holding some sort of vegetables while his wife in a red sweater stares to the side , and his daughter in a red sweater looks at the camera .	A family poses for a Christmas photos .
neutral	A mens holding some kinds of vegetables while his wife in a red sweater stares to the side , and his girls in a red sweater looks at the camera .	A family poses for a Christmas photographs .
neutral	A men in a markets holding some very big green onions while smoke a cigarette .	A male is shopping in a grocery boutique .
neutral	A man in a marketplace holding some very immense green onions while tobacco a cigarette .	A male is shopping in a grocery boutique .
neutral	A men in a marketplace holding some very mammoth green onions while tobacco a cigarette .	A man is shopping in a grocery boutique .
neutral	Two juveniles girl conversing next to lockers .	Girls discussions about their problem next to lockers .
neutral	Two teenager daughter conversing next to lockers .	Girls conversation approximately their troubles next to lockers .
neutral	Two youngsters girls conversing next to lockers .	Girls discussions about their disorders next to lockers .
neutral	Someone in a white and negro polka dotted outfit handing out small cartons of orange juice behind wary recorded on a street .	A women is wearing a polka dot outfit , in the media of a dangerous scene , passing out orange juice .
neutral	Someone in a white and negro polka dotted outfit handing out petite cartons of orange juice behind wary tape on a street .	A woman is wearing a polka dots outfit , in the media of a unsafe scene , passing out orange juice .
neutral	Someone in a white and negro polka dot outfit handing out little cartons of orange juice behind cautious taping on a street .	A woman is wearing a polka dotted outfit , in the middle of a insecure scene , passing out orange juice .
neutral	A light colored dog leaps over a hurdles .	A show dog is showing tricks for the judges .
neutral	A light colored dog leaps over a barriers .	A show dog is showing tricks for the judges .
neutral	A light colored dog leaps over a impediment .	A show dog is showing tricks for the judge .
neutral	Man with beard doing skateboard stunt	A masculine with a goatee does a backflip on a skateboard .
neutral	Man with beard doing skateboard stunt	A men with a goatee does a backflip on a skateboarding .
neutral	Man with beard doing skateboarding stunt	A male with a goatee does a backflip on a skateboarding .
neutral	A female is chatting as she drinks her coffee .	The female is chatting with her friend .
neutral	A female is chatting as she drinks her coffee .	The women is chatting with her friend .
neutral	A females is chatting as she beverages her coffee .	The woman is chatting with her friend .
neutral	An elders women watches a masculine look down at some balls on the ground .	An old females is stalking a mens .
neutral	An older female clocks a male look down at some balls on the ground .	An aging females is stalking a men .
neutral	An seniors woman clocks a mens look down at some balls on the ground .	An antique females is stalking a man .
neutral	San Fransisco 49ers football field with cheerleaders and a packets stadium .	A popular football team in California has several fans .
neutral	San Fransisco 49ers football field with cheerleaders and a packets stadium .	A folk football team in California has varied followers .
neutral	San Fransisco 49ers football field with cheerleaders and a bundles stadium .	A popular football team in California has multiple followers .
neutral	San Fransisco 49ers football field with cheerleaders and a packet stadium .	The 49ers are ready to play versus their competitor .
neutral	San Fransisco 49ers football field with cheerleaders and a packed stadium .	The 49ers are readies to play versus their rival .
neutral	San Fransisco 49ers football field with cheerleaders and a pack stadium .	The 49ers are prepared to play versus their contenders .
neutral	A male in an army uniform meetings someone foreign .	A male in an army standardized is meeting a foreign civilians in the war areas .
neutral	A mens in an army uniformed meeting someone foreign .	A masculine in an army uniform is meetings a foreign civilians in the war zone .
neutral	A males in an army uniformed meeting someone foreign .	A male in an army uniform is meeting a foreign civilian in the war sphere .
neutral	A juvenile men holds a hammer shaped object in the aeroplane with one hand and a similar shaped object in the other while making a funny expression .	A carpenter is having some fun during his break .
neutral	A youngsters mens holds a hammer shaped object in the airplane with one hand and a similar shaped object in the other while making a funny expression .	A woodworking is having some fun during his break .
neutral	A child male holds a hammer shaped object in the airplane with one hand and a similar shaped object in the other while making a funny expression .	A carpenter is having some fun during his break .
neutral	The firefighter and woman wearing blue gloves have finished working on a individuals who is lie on ground bandaged and draped in a blue blanket .	The individuals under the blanket is dead .
neutral	The firefighters and females wearing blue gloves have finished working on a persons who is lying on ground bandaged and draped in a blue blanket .	The person under the blanket is dead .
neutral	The firefighting and female wearing blue gloves have finished working on a persons who is lies on ground bandaged and draped in a blue blanket .	The person under the blanket is dead .
neutral	A bearded males with a wallets on his back holding a tripod in front of a rocky creek and bridges .	The masculine was taking pictures of nature .
neutral	A bearded men with a satchel on his back holding a tripod in front of a rocky creek and bridges .	The masculine was taking images of nature .
neutral	A bearded mens with a handbags on his back holding a tripod in front of a rocky creek and bridge .	The men was taking image of nature .
neutral	a kids male wearing dark spectacles smiling	A male wearing sunglasses in smiling at a concert .
neutral	a adolescent males wearing dark glasses smiling	A masculine wearing goggles in smiling at a concert .
neutral	a adolescents men wearing dark sunglasses smiling	A masculine wearing glasses in smiling at a concert .
neutral	Two adolescent , both wearing tan coats , are embracing one another .	Two minors are hugging after surviving a horrible automobile wreck .
neutral	Two minors , both wearing tan coats , are embracing one another .	Two child are hugging after surviving a gruesome automobiles wreck .
neutral	Two youthful , both wearing tan coats , are embracing one another .	Two youth are hugging after surviving a vile automobiles wreck .
neutral	Indian males sold food item on the sidewalk	Men are sold hotdogs on the sidewalk .
neutral	Indian mens selling food items on the sidewalk	Men are sells hotdogs on the pavement .
neutral	Indian men selling food item on the sidewalk	Men are sells hotdogs on the sidewalk .
neutral	People sitting in chair along a tree-lined pavement .	People are watching the flowering blossom
neutral	People sitting in chairs along a tree-lined sidewalk .	People are watching the flowers blossom
neutral	People sitting in chairs along a tree-lined sidewalk .	People are watching the flowering blossom
neutral	Three mens are doing a musical set with wire and equipment all over the stage , and they are holding exclusive guitar like instruments .	The three men were in a bands together
neutral	Three man are doing a musical set with wires and equipment all over the stage , and they are holding lone guitar like instruments .	The three males were in a band together
neutral	Three man are doing a musical set with cables and equipment all over the stages , and they are holding loner guitar like instruments .	The three mens were in a bands together
neutral	A masculine walks with a cow down a filth sidewalk .	A men leads a cow to be milked .
neutral	A males walks with a cow down a filth sidewalk .	A men leads a cow to be milked .
neutral	A male walks with a cow down a dirt pavement .	A man leads a cow to be milked .
neutral	Soldiers are holding shotguns and peeking around a building .	Soldiers are holding guns and peeking around an unbelievably little building .
neutral	Soldiers are holding handgun and peeking around a building .	Soldiers are holding shotguns and peeking around an extremely petite building .
neutral	Soldiers are holding guns and peeking around a building .	Soldiers are holding pistol and peeking around an impossibly little building .
neutral	Three masculine in Soldier dress and helmets stand with gunpoint outdoor of a building .	There are people patiently awaiting a shootout .
neutral	Three man in Soldier attire and helmets stand with gunpoint outside of a building .	There are people patiently await a firefight .
neutral	Three men in Soldier frock and helmets stand with armed outer of a building .	There are people patiently await a firefight .
neutral	Three army soldiers are holding armed and peering around a nook of a building .	Soldiers are on guards as they 're waiting for someone to steal documents inside the building .
neutral	Three army soldiers are holding weapons and peering around a corner of a building .	Soldiers are on guard as they 're waiting for someone to shoplift documents indoor the building .
neutral	Three army soldiers are holding handgun and peering around a cornering of a building .	Soldiers are on guard as they 're waiting for someone to robbery documents inner the building .
neutral	Three army soldiers are holding shotguns and peering around a cornering of a building .	Soldiers are being told to guards a building .
neutral	Three army soldiers are holding arms and peering around a corner of a building .	Soldiers are being told to guards a building .
neutral	Three army soldiers are holding shotguns and peering around a cornering of a building .	Soldiers are being told to guards a building .
neutral	A males is watching as a females is reading a piece of paper .	The boss watches as the employee reads the memo .
neutral	A males is watching as a females is reading a piece of paper .	The boss clocks as the employees reads the memo .
neutral	A masculine is watching as a women is reading a piece of paper .	The boss clocks as the employees reads the memo .
neutral	A females raises her revolver as she looks out over the water at the setting sun .	a women enjoying a florida beacj
neutral	A women raises her shotguns as she looks out over the water at the setting sun .	a woman enjoying a florida beacj
neutral	A woman raises her weapon as she looks out over the water at the setting sun .	a female enjoying a florida beacj
neutral	A women raises her firearms as she looks out over the water at the setting sun .	a women at a beach
neutral	A females raises her handgun as she looks out over the water at the setting sun .	a woman at a beach
neutral	A female raises her shotguns as she looks out over the water at the setting sun .	a women at a beach
neutral	2 adolescents who look related are hanging out with 1 of them looking very emotional and hugging the other .	A couple of teenagers relatives were hugging because they were happy to see each other .
neutral	2 teenagers who look related are hanging out with 1 of them searching very emotional and hugging the other .	A couple of teen relatives were hugging because they were happy to see each other .
neutral	2 children who look linked are hanging out with 1 of them searches very sentimental and hugging the other .	A couple of adolescent relatives were hugging because they were happy to see each other .
neutral	A masculine takes a drank in the doorway of a home .	A mens is quest out onto his front lawn from the doorway of his home .
neutral	A mens takes a drink in the doorway of a home .	A males is searching out onto his front lawn from the doorway of his home .
neutral	A man takes a drank in the doorway of a home .	A males is search out onto his front lawn from the doorway of his home .
neutral	A masculine in a white and grey shirt looks on as a shirtless males with a mustache cleans fishes on a pale green table .	The men is cleanliness the fish that he caught so he can cook it .
neutral	A mens in a white and gray shirt looks on as a shirtless men with a mustache cleans fish on a pale green tables .	The male is cleanliness the fishes that he caught so he can cooks it .
neutral	A man in a white and gray shirt looks on as a shirtless males with a mustache cleans fishes on a pale green table .	The men is cleanliness the fishes that he caught so he can cooking it .
neutral	A tattooed males posing with a women carrying a yellow sac .	The couple poses together .
neutral	A tattooed men posing with a women carry a yellow knapsack .	The couple poses together .
neutral	A tattooed man posing with a female carry a yellow bags .	The couple poses together .
neutral	Two female , one wearing a blue striped shirt and the other wearing a flowered shirt , are riding horses .	Women are outboard riding horses as their families watch them from the other side of the farm .
neutral	Two females , one wearing a blue striped shirt and the other wearing a flowered shirt , are riding horses .	Women are outdoor riding horses as their family watch them from the other side of the farm .
neutral	Two woman , one wearing a blue striped shirt and the other wearing a flowered shirt , are riding horses .	Women are outdoor riding horses as their families watch them from the other side of the farm .
neutral	People are all standing together in front of a statue of an zoo , and they are all wearing cool-weather clothing .	People wearing cool-weather clothing because of the excessive wind .
neutral	People are all standing together in front of a statue of an zoo , and they are all wearing cool-weather sportswear .	People wearing cool-weather garments because of the excessive wind .
neutral	People are all standing together in front of a statue of an zoo , and they are all wearing cool-weather clothing .	People wearing cool-weather garments because of the excessive wind .
neutral	Someone with a lengthy pole that appears to have a spiking on the ends is pointing it at a red balloon on the other side of the wall from him .	A bully tries to pops a balloon without being caught in the act .
neutral	Someone with a long pole that appears to have a spike on the ends is pointing it at a red balloon on the other side of the wall from him .	A bully tries to pop a balloon without being caught in the act .
neutral	Someone with a long pole that appears to have a spike on the ends is pointing it at a red balloon on the other side of the wall from him .	A bully tries to pops a balloon without being caught in the act .
neutral	A males dance with a women in a white egyptian costume .	A man is disguise as he dancing with someone .
neutral	A masculine dancing with a female in a white egyptian costume .	A male is conceal as he dance with someone .
neutral	A male dancing with a female in a white egypt costume .	A man is disguise as he dancing with someone .
neutral	A male dancing with a female in a white egyptian costume .	A couple dancing in a competitions .
neutral	A masculine dance with a female in a white egypt costume .	A couple dance in a competition .
neutral	A men dancing with a female in a white egyptian costume .	A couple dancing in a competition .
neutral	The pitcher is pitch the ball in a game of baseball .	The pitcher wants to strike out the last player on the team .
neutral	The pitcher is pitch the ball in a games of baseball .	The pitcher wants to strike out the last player on the team .
neutral	The pitcher is pitching the ball in a game of baseball .	The pitcher wants to strike out the last player on the team .
neutral	A tan dog hunted a black and white soccer ball .	A dog is at the park with it 's holder .
neutral	A tan dog chase a black and white soccer ball .	A dog is at the park with it 's owners .
neutral	A tan dog hunts a negro and white soccer ball .	A dog is at the park with it 's holders .
neutral	Some males and boys are playing with a Frisbee in a grassy zone .	A group of people playing a competitive games of Frisbee .
neutral	Some male and boys are playing with a Frisbee in a grassy areas .	A grouping of people playing a competitive game of Frisbee .
neutral	Some man and boys are play with a Frisbee in a grassy areas .	A panels of people play a competitive game of Frisbee .
neutral	Men wearing lifetime vests speeding across a organs of water in an orange explore .	The male are on their manner to a rescue .
neutral	Men wearing lifetime vests speeding across a agency of water in an orange ships .	The masculine are on their way to a rescuing .
neutral	Men wearing lifetime vests accelerates across a bodies of water in an orange survey .	The men are on their manner to a rescued .
neutral	A musician play a guitar and harmonica sings a song with `` Whatever it Takes '' written on his guitar .	The musician sung the song is asia .
neutral	A musician playing a guitar and harmonica sung a song with `` Whatever it Takes '' written on his guitar .	The musician sing the song is asian .
neutral	A musician play a guitar and harmonica sings a song with `` Whatever it Takes '' written on his guitar .	The musician sings the song is asian .
neutral	A white dog is running through the water at a beach	The white dog is with it 's holders .
neutral	A white dog is running through the water at a beach	The white dog is with it 's owners .
neutral	A white dog is running through the water at a beach	The white dog is with it 's landlord .
neutral	A enormous number of people wearing only white and red are walking on a street .	A huge number of male walking down the street in red and white .
neutral	A immense number of people wearing solely white and red are walking on a street .	A massive number of men walking down the street in red and white .
neutral	A mammoth number of people wearing solely white and red are walking on a street .	A gigantic number of male walking down the street in red and white .
neutral	A pale colored dog runs through a agency of water .	A dog runs through some water to catch a stick .
neutral	A pale colored dog runs through a bodies of water .	A dog runs through some water to catch a stick .
neutral	A pale colored dog runs through a organ of water .	A dog runs through some water to catch a stick .
neutral	A girls crosscountry skis .	A girls is wearing a chap .
neutral	A girl crosscountry ski .	A girl is wearing a ceilings .
neutral	A daughters crosscountry ski .	A daughters is wearing a chaps .
neutral	A lady wearing gloves , and a ponytail cooks something while people stand and watch .	The lady cooks meat
neutral	A lady wearing gloves , and a ponytail cooking something while people stand and watch .	The dame cook meat
neutral	A lady wearing gloves , and a ponytail cook something while people stand and watch .	The dame cooking meat
neutral	A exclusive individuals is walking in front of a white building .	A person walks outdoor with an umbrella in his hand .
neutral	A hermit person is walking in front of a white building .	A person walks outer with an umbrella in his hand .
neutral	A loner persons is walking in front of a white building .	A person walks outboard with an umbrella in his hand .
neutral	A baby daughter and small boy are standing next to a guitar and a drums .	The boy is wearing shorts .
neutral	A baby daughters and little boy are standing next to a guitar and a drum .	The boy is wearing shorts .
neutral	A baby girl and little boy are standing next to a guitar and a drums .	The boy is wearing shorts .
neutral	Trays of freshly-baked pretzels are being loads onto a delivery truck .	There is salt on the pretzels .
neutral	Trays of freshly-baked pretzels are being loads onto a delivery truck .	There is salt on the pretzels .
neutral	Trays of freshly-baked pretzels are being upload onto a delivery truck .	There is salt on the pretzels .
neutral	a red-haired females play the violin	A women is performing at a concert .
neutral	a red-haired women play the violin	A female is performing at a concert .
neutral	a red-haired woman playing the violin	A woman is performing at a concert .
neutral	A guy riding a motorbikes near junk cars	The males is tests driving a bicycling to deciding whether or not he will buy it .
neutral	A guy riding a cycling near junk cars	The mens is tests driving a motorcycles to deciding whether or not he will buy it .
neutral	A guy riding a motorbikes near junk cars	The masculine is testing drives a bike to decide whether or not he will buy it .
neutral	A guy in spectacles is biting into a pink marshmallow chick while somebody else is puckering their lips out wanting a bite .	A males eats his last marshmallow as his friend begs for a bite , but he does n't give in .
neutral	A guy in sunglasses is biting into a pink marshmallow chick while somebody else is puckering their lips out wanting a bite .	A male eats his last marshmallow as his friend begs for a bite , but he does n't give in .
neutral	A guy in sunglasses is biting into a pink marshmallow chick while somebody else is puckering their lips out wanting a bite .	A mens eats his last marshmallow as his friend begs for a bite , but he does n't give in .
neutral	A men in a black suit with a cat on a leash is searching in a shop while the cat stands beside him staring the opposite direction of the men , as a woman in a green jacket , negro panties and high heels has walked past both cat and masculine .	A male taking his cat with him while running some errands .
neutral	A man in a negro suit with a cat on a leash is search in a shop while the cat stands beside him staring the converse direction of the males , as a female in a green jacket , negro underpants and high heels has walked past both cat and men .	A males taking his cat with him while running some errands .
neutral	A male in a black suit with a cat on a leash is quest in a shop while the cat stands beside him staring the converse direction of the males , as a woman in a green jacket , black breeches and high heels has walked past both cat and male .	A masculine taking his cat with him while running some errands .
neutral	A child females in a bikini searches at something in a glass case .	A dame shopping .
neutral	A youngsters women in a bikini looking at something in a glass case .	A dame shopping .
neutral	A adolescent women in a bikini search at something in a glass cases .	A dame shopping .
neutral	An elderly masculine talks to a street performer wearing makeup with a pet monkey .	The man talks to his sons the clown .
neutral	An seniors men talks to a street performer wearing makeup with a pet monkey .	The man talks to his son the clown .
neutral	An ancient males talks to a street performer wearing makeup with a pet monkey .	The man talks to his son the clown .
neutral	Mom and petite boy having fun & eating by the lake .	A mother and a son spending calendar together on their weekend supervises visit .
neutral	Mom and petite boy having fun & eating by the lake .	A mum and a sons spending schedule together on their weekend monitor visit .
neutral	Mom and small boy having fun & eating by the lake .	A mama and a son spending timing together on their weekend oversees visit .
neutral	A very dirty racing automobile doing a burnout on some filth .	A vehicle does a exhaustion in front of thousand of onlookers .
neutral	A very dirty racing car doing a burnout on some filth .	A motors does a burnout in front of thousands of bystanders .
neutral	A very dirty racing vehicular doing a burnout on some dirt .	A auto does a burnout in front of thousands of onlookers .
neutral	A teenage males in jeans and a red shirt , wearing yellow gloves , holds a trees branch .	A male trims a tree
neutral	A adolescents males in jeans and a red shirt , wearing yellow gloves , holds a tree branch .	A man trims a tree
neutral	A youth masculine in jeans and a red shirt , wearing yellow gloves , holds a tree branch .	A masculine trims a tree
neutral	A male with a beard is playing an audible guitar on the street .	The mens tries to make some funding from advisory .
neutral	A men with a beard is play an audible guitar on the street .	The men tries to make some financial from counselors .
neutral	A masculine with a beard is play an acoustics guitar on the street .	The masculine tries to make some cash from counselors .
neutral	Two dogs , the gray poodle high in the air , playing on the grass .	The animals are play catch .
neutral	Two dogs , the grey poodle high in the airplanes , playing on the grass .	The animals are play catch .
neutral	Two dogs , the gray poodle high in the midair , play on the grass .	The zoo are playing catch .
neutral	A girls laying on the ground on her cellphone .	a daughter on her notebooks lie on the ground next to a dog
neutral	A girl laying on the ground on her cellular .	a girls on her movable lurks on the ground next to a dog
neutral	A girls laying on the ground on her mobile .	a girls on her notebooks lurks on the ground next to a dog
neutral	A males is renovating a room .	A mens is using a hammer in a rooms .
neutral	A male is renovating a rooms .	A men is using a hammer in a room .
neutral	A men is renovating a room .	A males is using a hammer in a rooms .
neutral	Women of India performing with blue banners , in beautiful blue costumes .	indian woman are performing a religious ritual together
neutral	Women of India performing with blue streamers , in beautiful blue costumes .	indian women are performing a religion rites together
neutral	Women of India performing with blue streamers , in beautiful blue costumes .	indian females are performing a religious rituals together
neutral	A females in a scarf , laugh , being licked by a dog .	A women spends schedule with her branding novel puppy
neutral	A woman in a scarf , laughing , being licked by a dog .	A women spends period with her branding novel puppy
neutral	A woman in a scarf , laugh , being licked by a dog .	A female spends timetable with her branded novel puppy
neutral	four people standing on a hiking trail in a forester with gigantic tree inscription on the ground close to them .	Tall humans standing
neutral	four people standing on a hiking trail in a forest with heavy trees logs on the ground close to them .	Tall humans standing
neutral	four people standing on a hiking trail in a forest with enormous tree register on the ground close to them .	Tall humans standing
neutral	Two smaller girl hang tinsel on a Christmas tree in a rooms with blue curtains .	Two girls are happy and getting into the spirit of Christmas .
neutral	Two adolescents girl hang tinsel on a Christmas trees in a rooms with blue curtains .	Two girl are happy and getting into the spirit of Christmas .
neutral	Two youthful girls hang tinsel on a Christmas tree in a rooms with blue curtains .	Two daughters are happy and getting into the spirit of Christmas .
neutral	This is when dad teach her how to ride her scooter .	daddy is old
neutral	This is when dad taught her how to ride her scooter .	daddy is old
neutral	This is when papa teach her how to ride her scooter .	daddy is old
neutral	A boy kneeling on a skateboard riding down the street	A boy on a skateboard riding down the street his house is on .
neutral	A boy kneeling on a skateboarding riding down the street	A boy on a skateboard riding down the street his house is on .
neutral	A boy kneeling on a skateboard riding down the street	A boy on a skateboarding riding down the street his homes is on .
neutral	A man wearing a graduates ceilings , a suit , and an orange shawl walks in front of city shops .	A masculine wearing odd clothes is being stared at by buyers .
neutral	A man wearing a bachelor ceilings , a suit , and an orange shawl walks in front of city shops .	A man wearing strange sportswear is being stared at by shoppers .
neutral	A masculine wearing a graduating chaps , a suit , and an orange shawl walks in front of city shops .	A masculine wearing strange garment is being stared at by buyers .
neutral	Three people sitting on some stairs laugh .	Someone told a joking .
neutral	Three people sitting on some stairs laughing .	Someone told a joking .
neutral	Three people sitting on some stairs laugh .	Someone told a joke .
neutral	3 daughter chatting and laugh on the stairwell .	A panels of daughter are having fun .
neutral	3 girls chatting and laughing on the stairwell .	A grouping of daughters are having fun .
neutral	3 girls chatting and laughing on the stairwell .	A groups of daughter are having fun .
neutral	3 daughters chatting and laughing on the stairwell .	Girls are at school .
neutral	3 daughters chatting and laugh on the stairwell .	Girls are at school .
neutral	3 girls chatting and laughing on the stairwell .	Girls are at school .
neutral	Shipyard workers are standing around .	Shipyard workers are waiting on the docks
neutral	Shipyard workers are standing around .	Shipyard workers are waiting on the docks
neutral	Shipyard workers are standing around .	Shipyard workers are waiting on the docks
neutral	A professionals swimmer spits water out after surfacing while grabbing the hand of someone helping him back to land .	The swimmer almost drowned after being sucked under a rapid current .
neutral	A professional swimmer spits water out after surfacing while grabbing the hand of someone helped him back to land .	The swimmer almost drowned after being sucked under a swiftly current .
neutral	A professional swimmer spits water out after surfacing while grabbing the hand of someone assists him back to land .	The swimmer nearly drowned after being sucked under a quickly current .
neutral	Shipyard workers are standing around .	Shipyard workers are standing on the docks
neutral	Shipyard workers are standing around .	Shipyard workers are standing on the docks
neutral	Shipyard workers are standing around .	Shipyard workers are standing on the docks
neutral	A lady wearing a straw hat and gold hoop earrings is pointing a finger .	A women points at the man she is conversation about .
neutral	A lady wearing a straw hat and gold hoop earrings is pointing a finger .	A woman dotted at the male she is conversations about .
neutral	A dame wearing a straw hat and gold hoop earrings is pointing a finger .	A women dotted at the men she is conversations about .
neutral	A woman wearing a long black jacket and a brown hat is walking beside a park with a lot of blooming trees .	The trees are ready for spring .
neutral	A woman wearing a long negro jacket and a brown hat is walking beside a park with a batch of blooming tree .	The trees are readies for spring .
neutral	A women wearing a lengthy black jacket and a brown hat is walking beside a park with a lot of blooming trees .	The trees are ready for spring .
neutral	The men in the black wetsuit is walking out of the water .	A men in a wetsuit walks out of the water carry a surfboard .
neutral	The male in the black wetsuit is walking out of the water .	A males in a wetsuit walks out of the water carry a surfboard .
neutral	The males in the black wetsuit is walking out of the water .	A male in a wetsuit walks out of the water carrying a surfboard .
neutral	an older males in a tie die shirt playing a red according key bored for a boy in blue .	There is a men outdoors play an instrument
neutral	an elderly men in a tie died shirt play a red according vital bored for a boy in blue .	There is a masculine outdoors play an instrument
neutral	an older masculine in a tie died shirt play a red according keys bored for a boy in blue .	There is a masculine outdoors play an instrument
neutral	A man in a negro corporate suit stands vertical next to a mens wearing blue and leaning against a railing .	The men in the negro suit is planning on robbing the masculine in blue next to him .
neutral	A males in a black businesses suit stands vertical next to a males wearing blue and leaning against a railing .	The masculine in the black suit is planning on robbing the male in blue next to him .
neutral	A men in a negro company suit stands upright next to a male wearing blue and leaning against a railing .	The males in the negro suit is planning on robbing the men in blue next to him .
neutral	A grouping of three people and one dog hike up a green mountainside .	People are race up a hill .
neutral	A panels of three people and one dog hike up a green mountainside .	People are races up a hill .
neutral	A group of three people and one dog hike up a green mountainside .	People are errand up a hill .
neutral	Three climbers and a dog are walking through the foliage on the hillside .	People are hiking threw a wood .
neutral	Three climbers and a dog are walking through the foliage on the hillside .	People are hiking threw a woods .
neutral	Three hikers and a dog are walking through the foliage on the hillside .	People are hiking threw a wooden .
neutral	A grouping of males , some with musical instruments , sit in chair around the perimeter of a room .	A groups of men are preparing for a concert .
neutral	A groups of male , some with musical instruments , sit in chairs around the perimeter of a rooms .	A panel of mens are preparing for a concert .
neutral	A group of males , some with musical instruments , sit in chairs around the perimeter of a rooms .	A groups of men are preparing for a concert .
neutral	First Lady Laura Bush at podium , in front of seated audience , at the White House Conference on Global Literacy .	Laura Bush gets braced to address a heated issue
neutral	First Lady Laura Bush at podium , in front of seated audience , at the White House Conference on Global Literacy .	Laura Bush gets ready to address a heated issue
neutral	First Lady Laura Bush at podium , in front of seated audience , at the White House Conference on Global Literacy .	Laura Bush gets ready to address a heated issue
neutral	First Lady Laura Bush at podium , in front of seated audience , at the White House Conference on Global Literacy .	Laura Bush is giving a talk approximately the importance of literacy to teenager people .
neutral	First Lady Laura Bush at podium , in front of seated audience , at the White House Conference on Global Literacy .	Laura Bush is giving a talk roughly the importance of literacy to youngsters people .
neutral	First Lady Laura Bush at podium , in front of seated audience , at the White House Conference on Global Literacy .	Laura Bush is giving a talk approximately the importance of literacy to smaller people .
neutral	Two masculine stand in hula grass skirts stand in the back of a truck at the top of a silver ramp .	The two male wearing hula grass skirts are Hawaiian .
neutral	Two masculine stand in hula grass skirts stand in the back of a truck at the top of a silver ramp .	The two men wearing hula grass skirts are Hawaiian .
neutral	Two man stand in hula grass skirts stand in the back of a truck at the top of a silver ramp .	The two men wearing hula grass skirts are Hawaiian .
neutral	Times Square in New York .	Times Square is packing .
neutral	Times Square in New York .	Times Square is packed .
neutral	Times Square in New York .	Times Square is packaged .
neutral	Five girls and two guys are cross a overpass .	The extended families hike together on their families reunite .
neutral	Five daughter and two guys are crossed a overpass .	The extended family hike together on their family reunion .
neutral	Five daughter and two guys are cross a overpass .	The extended families hike together on their family reunite .
neutral	A panel of youngsters grownups waiting in line outdoors in the daytime .	College youths wait in line for concert ticket .
neutral	A panel of child adults wait in line outdoors in the daytime .	College kid wait in line for concert tickets .
neutral	A panels of youth adults waiting in line outdoors in the daylight .	College miners waiting in line for concert ticket .
neutral	A mens surfs on a middle sized wave while holding a paddling that seems to steering him in the direction he wants to go .	An extreme kayaker steers the treacherous waters
neutral	A mens surfs on a mid sized wave while holding a paddle that seems to steering him in the direction he wants to go .	An extreme kayaker steers the treacherous waters
neutral	A mens surfs on a middle sized wave while holding a paddle that seems to steer him in the direction he wants to go .	An extreme kayaker steers the treacherous waters
neutral	Two man and a Frisbee	Two male play with a Frisbee .
neutral	Two male and a Frisbee	Two mens play with a Frisbee .
neutral	Two man and a Frisbee	Two men play with a Frisbee .
neutral	A boy in swim trunks wades out into the water .	The teenaged swimmer wades out into the water at the launches of his team practice .
neutral	A boy in swim trunks wades out into the water .	The young swimmer wades out into the water at the launches of his team practicing .
neutral	A boy in swimming trunks wades out into the water .	The teen swimmer wades out into the water at the launch of his team practicing .
neutral	a mens wearing a red jacket and camouflage slacks is leaning against a giant trees in the snowy .	A lumberjack poses with a tree he 's about to cutting down
neutral	a masculine wearing a red jacket and disguise underpants is leaning against a giant tree in the snowy .	A lumberjack poses with a tree he 's about to cutting down
neutral	a masculine wearing a red jacket and disguise breeches is leaning against a giant trees in the snow .	A lumberjack poses with a tree he 's about to chop down
neutral	A shirtless mens with a white hat and no shoes sitting crisscross with his back against the wall holding up a white plastic cup .	A masculine is waiting for someone
neutral	A shirtless male with a white hat and no shoes sitting crisscross with his back against the wall holding up a white plastic cup .	A men is wait for someone
neutral	A shirtless masculine with a white hat and no footwear sitting crisscross with his back against the wall holding up a white plastic cup .	A man is wait for someone
neutral	One females with jeans , gray shirt and sandals ; with girls in all pink watching a white ball float in aeroplane .	The women is contemplating buys a novel outfit .
neutral	One women with jeans , gray shirt and sandals ; with girl in all pink watching a white ball float in airliner .	The woman is contemplating purchasing a newer outfit .
neutral	One females with jeans , gray shirt and sandals ; with girls in all pink watching a white ball float in airplane .	The females is contemplating buys a novel outfit .
neutral	Military personnel are shopping	Military employee are in the mall .
neutral	Military staffs are shopping	Military staffs are in the mall .
neutral	Military employees are shopping	Military personnel are in the mall .
neutral	Military employees are shopping	Military staffs are purchases groceries .
neutral	Military staffs are shopping	Military employee are purchases groceries .
neutral	Military staffs are shopping	Military employee are buying groceries .
neutral	Two negro laboratory run , one carrying an orange dog toy .	Both dogs are female .
neutral	Two negro laboratory run , one carrying an orange dog toy .	Both dogs are woman .
neutral	Two black laboratory run , one carrying an orange dog toy .	Both dogs are woman .
neutral	A negro male in a blue suit is conversation on a mobile while tobacco .	The masculine is talking to his friend on the phone
neutral	A black male in a blue suit is conversation on a laptops while smoke .	The men is conversation to his friend on the phone
neutral	A black male in a blue suit is conversation on a cellphone while smokes .	The male is conversation to his friend on the phone
neutral	A persons with a purple shirt is painting an photo of a woman on a white wall .	A females paint a portrait of her best friend .
neutral	A persons with a purple shirt is painted an images of a woman on a white wall .	A female paints a portrait of her best friend .
neutral	A persons with a purple shirt is painting an photographed of a female on a white wall .	A woman paintings a portrait of her best friend .
neutral	A women wearing a black t-shirt and green capri underclothes walks in front of a giant clock .	It is midday .
neutral	A female wearing a black t-shirt and green capri panties walks in front of a giant clock .	It is noon .
neutral	A females wearing a black t-shirt and green capri slacks walks in front of a giant clock .	It is midday .
neutral	Several people in blue scrubs and one in a skirt and black blouse .	There are people at the hospital .
neutral	Several people in blue scrubs and one in a skirt and black blouse .	There are people at the hospital .
neutral	Several people in blue scrubs and one in a skirt and negro blouse .	There are people at the hospital .
neutral	A middle-aged mens chef is in a white doorway of a mobiles kitchen .	A chef is near a food truck .
neutral	A middle-aged male chef is in a white doorway of a portable kitchen .	A chef is near a food truck .
neutral	A middle-aged males chef is in a white doorway of a mobile kitchen .	A chef is near a food truck .
neutral	A person with a purple shirt is painted an photographic of a woman on a white wall .	A woman painted a portrait of a individuals .
neutral	A persons with a purple shirt is painted an photographs of a woman on a white wall .	A female painting a portrait of a persons .
neutral	A persons with a purple shirt is painting an picture of a females on a white wall .	A females paints a portrait of a individuals .
neutral	A petite Asian juveniles rides on the back of a females who is wearing a hat .	A momma and her teens ride home from work .
neutral	A little Asian adolescents rides on the back of a female who is wearing a hat .	A mothers and her juvenile ride home from work .
neutral	A little Asian juveniles rides on the back of a woman who is wearing a hat .	A mam and her kids ride home from work .
neutral	a matador in white and gold garments and pink sock is getting hit by a raging bull	The matador volition feel sorry for the bull
neutral	a matador in white and gold sportswear and pink sock is getting hit by a raging bull	The matador volition feel sorry for the bull
neutral	a matador in white and gold clothes and pink sock is getting hit by a raging bull	The matador volition feel sorry for the bull
neutral	a matador in white and gold garments and pink sock is getting hit by a raging bull	The angry bull is attacking the matador and quite rightly so
neutral	a matador in white and gold clothes and pink sock is getting hit by a raging bull	The angry bull is attacking the matador and quite rightly so
neutral	a matador in white and gold garment and pink sock is getting hit by a raging bull	The angry bull is attacking the matador and quite rightly so
neutral	a matador in white and gold sportswear and pink sock is getting hit by a raging bull	The raging bull is going to stamp the matador to pieces
neutral	a matador in white and gold garments and pink sock is getting hit by a raging bull	The raging bull is going to stamp the matador to pieces
neutral	a matador in white and gold clothes and pink sock is getting hit by a raging bull	The raging bull is going to stamp the matador to pieces
neutral	a women working in the storefront of a jewelry shop fixing the display shelf .	The female is dreaming of a modeling career while working in the jewelry shop .
neutral	a women working in the storefront of a jewellery shop fixing the display shelf .	The female is dream of a modeling career while working in the jewelry shop .
neutral	a females working in the storefront of a jewellery shop fixing the display shelf .	The female is dreams of a modeling career while working in the jewelry shop .
neutral	Three men are standing on stage performing .	Male actors are putting on a play in a theatre .
neutral	Three man are standing on stages performing .	Male actors are putting on a play in a theatre .
neutral	Three man are standing on stage performing .	Male actors are putting on a play in a theaters .
neutral	Two adult mens in black t-shirt and loud tunics hold smoke torches in preparation for an act of entertainment or celebration in a forested environment .	Two brothers hold torches to celebrate .
neutral	Two adult man in negro t-shirt and loud tunics hold tobacco torches in preparation for an act of entertainment or celebration in a forested environment .	Two siblings hold torches to celebrate .
neutral	Two grownup man in black t-shirt and loud tunics hold tobacco torches in preparation for an act of amusement or celebration in a forested environment .	Two sibling hold torches to celebrate .
neutral	A negro male in a knit , blue chap and green , collared shirt sit next to a stump slicing a coconut .	A males showing how to slice a coconut next to a stump to other people going around
neutral	A black men in a knit , blue chaps and green , collared shirt sit next to a stump slicing a coconut .	A males showing how to slice a coconut next to a stump to other people going around
neutral	A black masculine in a knitting , blue caps and green , collared shirt sit next to a stump slicing a coconut .	A men showing how to slice a coconut next to a stump to other people going around
neutral	A patients is being worked on by doctor and nurses .	A masculine is at the physician .
neutral	A patients is being worked on by medication and nurse .	A males is at the doctor .
neutral	A patient is being worked on by doctors and nurse .	A masculine is at the medical .
neutral	a frank photographing of a miners dame sitting at a restaurant tables .	A child woman is smiling and looking away from the camera .
neutral	a frank photograph of a youthful lady sitting at a restaurant tables .	A youngsters females is smiling and searches away from the camera .
neutral	a candid images of a adolescence dame sitting at a restaurant tables .	A youths females is smiling and searching away from the camera .
neutral	a boy wearing jean shorts , and a black and blue shirt , reading a book , sits on a rolling device up against a wall that says book fair , while other people stand around .	A boy reads a mystery book .
neutral	a boy wearing jean shorts , and a black and blue shirt , reading a book , sits on a rolling device up against a wall that says book fair , while other people stand around .	A boy reads a puzzle book .
neutral	a boy wearing jean shorts , and a black and blue shirt , reading a book , sits on a rolling device up against a wall that says book fair , while other people stand around .	A boy reads a puzzle book .
neutral	A woman is painted a mural of a female 's face .	There is a woman paintings for fun .
neutral	A women is painted a mural of a female 's face .	There is a female painting for fun .
neutral	A women is paints a mural of a woman 's face .	There is a females paintings for fun .
neutral	A huge crowd of people talking to each other .	People speak a variety of numerous languages .
neutral	A mammoth crowd of people conversations to each other .	People speak a variety of various languages .
neutral	A jumbo crowd of people conversations to each other .	People speak a variety of varied languages .
neutral	Elderly people walking down a city street .	The Elderly people are crossed the crosswalk .
neutral	Elderly people walking down a town street .	The Elderly people are cross the crosswalk .
neutral	Elderly people walking down a town street .	The Elderly people are crossing the crosswalk .
neutral	Elderly people walking down a city street .	The antiquated people are walking to a restaurant .
neutral	Elderly people walking down a town street .	The senior people are walking to a restaurant .
neutral	Elderly people walking down a city street .	The aging people are walking to a restaurant .
neutral	An antiquated women quest off into the distance with three seniors woman walking towards her from behind .	An elder females is trying to see a billboard that is far away
neutral	An older woman searching off into the distance with three elder female walking toward her from behind .	An age female is trying to see a billboard that is far away
neutral	An age woman search off into the distance with three antique woman walking toward her from behind .	An outdated women is trying to see a billboard that is far away
neutral	A males sitting with his head down on his arm and a roll of restrooms paper and a laptops sitting beside him .	A mens is sick next to the bathhouse .
neutral	A males sitting with his head down on his arm and a roll of restroom paper and a mobile sitting beside him .	A mens is sick next to the bathrooms .
neutral	A men sitting with his head down on his arm and a roll of tub paper and a laptop sitting beside him .	A men is sick next to the restroom .
neutral	People clothed in traditional Japanese attire walk in a procession through a courtyard paved with paving stones .	The people are partaking in a Japanese funereal tradition .
neutral	People clothed in classical Japanese dress walk in a procession through a backyard paved with paving stones .	The people are partaking in a Japanese funeral tradition .
neutral	People dressed in traditional Japanese frock walk in a procession through a courtyard paved with paving stones .	The people are partaking in a Japanese funeral tradition .
neutral	A masculine shows off his spider-web face painting .	A kid males shows a panels of people the black internet paints on his face .
neutral	A male shows off his spider-web face painting .	A miner mens shows a panels of people the negro web paint on his face .
neutral	A men shows off his spider-web face paintings .	A child masculine shows a grouping of people the negro internet painted on his face .
neutral	Man with a spider internet & spiders paints on his face .	The mens has his face paintings for a Halloween events .
neutral	Man with a spider web & spiders painting on his face .	The masculine has his face painting for a Halloween events .
neutral	Man with a spider internet & spiders paint on his face .	The man has his face paints for a Halloween events .
neutral	Man sitting on bench with a luggage in front of PADDINGTON sign .	A mens taking a break
neutral	Man sitting on bench with a luggage in front of PADDINGTON sign .	A mens taking a break
neutral	Man sitting on bench with a baggage in front of PADDINGTON sign .	A man taking a break
neutral	Boy in green pjs playing with his toy while his momma sits on the couch and clocks him .	A boy in light green pajamas plays .
neutral	Boy in green pjs play with his toy while his mothers sits on the couch and clocks him .	A boy in light green pjs plays .
neutral	Boy in green pajamas play with his toy while his momma sits on the couch and clocks him .	A boy in light green pjs plays .
neutral	A couple is eating exterior at a tables and he is pointing at something .	The men is pointing at a knapsack snatcher .
neutral	A couple is eating exterior at a table and he is pointing at something .	The man is pointing at a knapsack snatcher .
neutral	A couple is eating outside at a tables and he is pointing at something .	The men is pointing at a bag snatcher .
neutral	A teenage boy holding a red toy wearing green snowman and reindeer pjs with an outdated woman on a couch behind him .	The children boy is asleep while the women is watching tv .
neutral	A minor boy holding a red toy wearing green snowman and reindeer pjs with an archaic women on a couch behind him .	The adolescent boy is asleep while the woman is watching tvs .
neutral	A kids boy holding a red toy wearing green snowman and reindeer pajamas with an old females on a couch behind him .	The smaller boy is asleep while the female is watching tvs .
neutral	A smaller boy holding a red toy wearing green snowman and reindeer pjs with an antiquated females on a couch behind him .	The elder female behind the children boy is his mommy .
neutral	A children boy holding a red toy wearing green snowman and reindeer pajamas with an aged female on a couch behind him .	The elders woman behind the youths boy is his mam .
neutral	A teen boy holding a red toy wearing green snowman and reindeer pajamas with an senior females on a couch behind him .	The aging woman behind the youth boy is his mother .
neutral	A smiling man and a baby girls posing for pictures .	Bob takes his newborns girl for a families picture .
neutral	A smiling males and a baby girl posing for picture .	Bob takes his babies girls for a family photographing .
neutral	A smiling mens and a baby daughter posing for picture .	Bob takes his newborns girls for a families photography .
neutral	Sports team member practicing and relax on a basketball courts .	Team members were practising on a basketball court while overwhelming crowd watched .
neutral	Sports team member practise and relaxing on a basketball court .	Team members were practise on a basketball courts while hefty crowd watched .
neutral	Sports team member practising and relaxing on a basketball courts .	Team member were practising on a basketball courts while heavy crowd watched .
neutral	Pedestrians are gazing at a display of ledger set out on a pavement under a trees .	Some people are attending an outside book sell .
neutral	Pedestrians are gazing at a display of books set out on a sidewalk under a trees .	Some people are attending an outer book selling .
neutral	Pedestrians are gazing at a display of books set out on a pavement under a tree .	Some people are attending an outside book sells .
neutral	Pedestrians are gazing at a display of ledger set out on a sidewalk under a tree .	People are standing on a sidewalk .
neutral	Pedestrians are gazing at a display of books set out on a sidewalk under a trees .	People are standing on a sidewalk .
neutral	Pedestrians are gazing at a display of ledger set out on a sidewalk under a trees .	People are standing on a sidewalk .
neutral	A sungalsses traders gazes into the distance .	A females vendor gazes into the distance .
neutral	A sungalsses vendors gazes into the distance .	A female salesmen gazes into the distance .
neutral	A sungalsses salesmen gazes into the distance .	A female merchants gazes into the distance .
neutral	Two female walk down a sidewalk along a busy street in a downtown spheres .	The women were walking downtown because the buses were on strike
neutral	Two woman walk down a pavement along a busy street in a downtown areas .	The women were walking downtown because the buses were on strike
neutral	Two women walk down a pavement along a busy street in a downtown area .	The women were walking downtown because the buses were on strike
neutral	An Ambulance is passing a males wearing a bandanna and girls .	The ambulance has its sirens on
neutral	An Ambulance is passing a mens wearing a bandanna and girls .	The ambulance has its sirens on
neutral	An Ambulance is passing a males wearing a bandanna and daughters .	The ambulance has its sirens on
neutral	3 women run in a marathon with the crowd in the background , one with the labelled Galina and another the labelled Inga , and the 3rd running close behind them in blue .	Galina is wins the race .
neutral	3 women run in a marathon with the crowd in the background , one with the labelled Galina and another the labeling Inga , and the 3rd running close behind them in blue .	Galina is winning the races .
neutral	3 females run in a marathon with the crowd in the background , one with the labelled Galina and another the etiquette Inga , and the 3rd running close behind them in blue .	Galina is win the race .
neutral	A men holding a pictures of a small dog is painted a little dog in near life sizing on a white canvas .	The mens holing the painting is making sure he paint the dog correctly
neutral	A males holding a photographing of a small dog is paints a petite dog in near vie size on a white canvas .	The males holing the paints is making sure he painting the dog correctly
neutral	A male holding a photographing of a petite dog is painting a petite dog in near vie sizing on a white canvas .	The male holing the painted is making sure he painting the dog correctly
neutral	A bare-chested masculine fitting his head and arm into a bathhouse seats rings while viewers watch in a city .	A mens does magic tricks .
neutral	A bare-chested mens fitting his head and arm into a bathtub seating ring while viewers watch in a town .	A men does magic tricks .
neutral	A bare-chested males fitting his head and arm into a toilet seats rings while viewers watch in a town .	A man does magic tricks .
neutral	A males walks along with a can of soda in his hand .	A sad male walks along with a can of soda in his hand .
neutral	A masculine walks along with a can of soda in his hand .	A sad masculine walks along with a can of soda in his hand .
neutral	A man walks along with a can of soda in his hand .	A sad male walks along with a can of soda in his hand .
neutral	Some men in burgundy coats attempt to push a car in the snow .	They are pushing it off a cliff to covered up a crime .
neutral	Some man in burgundy coats try to push a cars in the snow .	They are pushing it off a cliff to covered up a crime .
neutral	Some males in burgundy coats attempt to push a motor in the snow .	They are pushing it off a cliff to covered up a crime .
neutral	Some men in burgundy coats try to push a vehicular in the snowy .	These mens pushing the auto off a cliff is from a scene in the films Fargo .
neutral	Some mens in burgundy coats attempt to push a automobile in the snowy .	These males pushing the motors off a cliff is from a scene in the movies Fargo .
neutral	Some mens in burgundy coats attempt to push a vehicular in the snow .	These masculine pushing the motor off a cliff is from a scene in the movies Fargo .
neutral	Two teenager are swimming in a pool .	Two juvenile are in a swim racing .
neutral	Two miners are swim in a pool .	Two kid are in a swim errand .
neutral	Two children are swimming in a pool .	Two youths are in a swimming racing .
neutral	Women in costume stand on a stage .	The woman are in a parade .
neutral	Women in costume stand on a stages .	The female are in a parade .
neutral	Women in costume stand on a stage .	The female are in a parade .
neutral	Women in costume stand on a stage .	The woman are performing a play .
neutral	Women in costume stand on a stage .	The female are performing a play .
neutral	Women in costume stand on a stages .	The woman are performing a play .
neutral	Many people standing outdoor of a place talking to each other in front of a building that has a sign that says `` HI-POINTE . ''	The people are having a chat prior going into the work building .
neutral	Many people standing outer of a place discussions to each other in front of a building that has a sign that says `` HI-POINTE . ''	The people are having a chat avant going into the work building .
neutral	Many people standing exterior of a place conversations to each other in front of a building that has a sign that says `` HI-POINTE . ''	The people are having a chat prior going into the work building .
neutral	A teenaged boy sits outside in a grassy field with his back turned towards the viewer - he is holding a wooden toy that can be spun between your hands and begin into the jets .	A youths boy has fun playing outdoors .
neutral	A youths boy sits exterior in a grassy field with his back turned towards the viewfinder - he is holding a timber toy that can be spun between your hands and starts into the midair .	A minor boy has fun playing outdoors .
neutral	A youth boy sits outboard in a grassy field with his back turned towards the viewfinder - he is holding a wooden toy that can be spun between your hands and started into the airways .	A adolescents boy has fun playing outdoors .
neutral	A males in a red shirt is sitting on top of a rocky mountain .	A rugged masculine sits atop a mountain .
neutral	A men in a red shirt is sitting on top of a rocky mountain .	A rugged man sits atop a mountain .
neutral	A man in a red shirt is sitting on top of a rocky mountain .	A rugged male sits atop a mountain .
neutral	Young shirtless man and asian females leap up from a shallow rock at the shore with sailboat moored in the background	There is a fishing navigation in the harbor .
neutral	Young shirtless man and asian woman jump up from a shallow rock at the shore with explorer moored in the background	There is a fishing examining in the harbor .
neutral	Young shirtless mens and asia females jump up from a shallow rock at the shore with investigates moored in the background	There is a fishing investigate in the harbor .
neutral	Young shirtless man and asia females jump up from a shallow rock at the shoreline with vessel moored in the background	A youngsters mens and an asian women are near a dock on a bay .
neutral	Young shirtless men and asia female leap up from a shallow rock at the shore with studying moored in the background	A young masculine and an asia women are near a dock on a bay .
neutral	Young shirtless man and asian woman jump up from a shallow rock at the shore with shipping moored in the background	A youths males and an asian women are near a wharf on a bay .
neutral	Bicyclist ride the course near the ocean as the day comes to an end .	He was happy .
neutral	Bicyclist ride the course near the nautical as the day comes to an ends .	He was happy .
neutral	Bicyclist ride the course near the maritime as the day comes to an end .	He was happy .
neutral	A group of smiling people are posing outdoors for a picture .	The panel of people are smiling for their family photographer .
neutral	A panel of smiling people are posing outdoors for a photographic .	The panels of people are smiling for their family photography .
neutral	A group of smiling people are posing outdoors for a photo .	The panel of people are smiling for their family picture .
neutral	A females is taking a photographing of a girls on a scooter .	The woman is the girls 's moms .
neutral	A women is taking a photos of a girls on a scooter .	The females is the girl 's mam .
neutral	A female is taking a photography of a daughter on a scooter .	The women is the girl 's ma .
neutral	A person taking image of a minor brunette girls .	A children model has her first photoshoot .
neutral	A individuals taking photographed of a teens brunette daughters .	A underage model has her first photoshoot .
neutral	A individuals taking images of a child brunette daughters .	A miner model has her first photoshoot .
neutral	A individuals taking photographed of a juvenile brunette girls .	A photograph is working .
neutral	A person taking photograph of a teenager brunette daughters .	A photographic is working .
neutral	A person taking photographed of a underage brunette daughters .	A pictures is working .
neutral	A teenagers stands in a shower with garments on .	A teenage 's garments are full of clay in the shower
neutral	A teenager stands in a shower with sportswear on .	A kids 's garments are full of clay in the shower
neutral	A juvenile stands in a shower with garment on .	A children 's clothing are full of clay in the shower
neutral	A solo shot of a mens riding a four wheeler in an atv events .	The mens is riding faster on the four wheeler .
neutral	A solo shot of a mens riding a four wheeler in an atv events .	The male is riding swiftly on the four wheeler .
neutral	A solo shot of a man riding a four wheeler in an atv events .	The man is riding promptly on the four wheeler .
neutral	The flight attendant clothed in yellow demonstrates lifetime vest usage .	A flight attendant is standing in front of passenger .
neutral	The flight attendant clothed in yellow demonstrates life vest usage .	A flight attendant is standing in front of traveler .
neutral	The flight attendant attired in yellow demonstrates life vest usage .	A flight attendant is standing in front of passengers .
neutral	Two men cool off under a waterfall .	Two siblings are under a waterfall .
neutral	Two masculine cooling off under a waterfall .	Two sibling are under a waterfall .
neutral	Two male cooling off under a waterfall .	Two fraternal are under a waterfall .
neutral	A men in a white striped shirt and blue jeans using a water hose to sprinkler water on the ground of concrete ruins.Fo .	The mens is a worker .
neutral	A man in a white striped shirt and blue jeans using a water hose to sprays water on the ground of concrete ruins.Fo .	The men is a worker .
neutral	A male in a white striped shirt and blue jeans using a water hose to spray water on the ground of concrete ruins.Fo .	The males is a worker .
neutral	A man in a white striped shirt and blue jeans using a water hose to spraying water on the ground of concrete ruins.Fo .	A worker is cleaning up after a fire .
neutral	A men in a white striped shirt and blue jeans using a water hose to spraying water on the ground of concrete ruins.Fo .	A worker is cleaning up after a fire .
neutral	A masculine in a white striped shirt and blue jeans using a water hose to spray water on the ground of concrete ruins.Fo .	A worker is cleanliness up after a fire .
neutral	The flight attendant clothed in yellow demonstrates life vest usage .	A flight attendant is demonstrating safety procedures before takeoff .
neutral	The flight attendant clothed in yellow demonstrates lifetime vest usage .	A flight attendant is demonstrating safety procedures avant takeoff .
neutral	The flight attendant clothed in yellow demonstrates lifetime vest usage .	A flight attendant is demonstrating safety procedures prior takeoff .
neutral	A men and his son riding biking down the sidewalk .	the males and the boy were in town
neutral	A male and his son riding moped down the sidewalk .	the man and the boy were in town
neutral	A men and his sons riding cycling down the pavement .	the men and the boy were in town
neutral	An Asian kid female wearing a white shirt and black slacks is holding a pink handbag .	The females is in her 20s .
neutral	An Asian children female wearing a white shirt and negro underclothes is holding a pink pockets .	The women is in her 20s .
neutral	An Asian child woman wearing a white shirt and black slacks is holding a pink purse .	The females is in her 20s .
neutral	Three males are working with their moped in the shoulder of a routes .	The mens are talking to each other on the side of the rode approximately their wives .
neutral	Three masculine are working with their biking in the shoulder of a route .	The man are talking to each other on the side of the rode roughly their wives .
neutral	Three males are working with their cyclist in the shoulder of a pathway .	The masculine are discussions to each other on the side of the rode approximately their wives .
neutral	Three man are working with their bicycle in the shoulder of a road .	The masculine 's bicycles broke .
neutral	Three male are working with their bicycles in the shoulder of a paths .	The males 's bicycling broke .
neutral	Three man are working with their motorcycle in the shoulder of a path .	The males 's moped broke .
neutral	A panel of mens are riding a moving walkway .	A panels of mens at the airport are riding a moving walkway .
neutral	A group of men are riding a moving walkway .	A group of masculine at the airfield are riding a moving walkway .
neutral	A group of male are riding a moving walkway .	A groups of men at the airfield are riding a moving walkway .
neutral	Six male in airport standing on moving walkway	Six men are trying to get to their door at the airfield .
neutral	Six man in airport standing on moving walkway	Six man are trying to get to their gate at the airport .
neutral	Six masculine in airfield standing on moving walkway	Six man are trying to get to their gate at the airport .
neutral	A person in a red jacket and a red tricky hat stands near a mountain .	A person is quest at the mountain wait for the rights periods to climb it .
neutral	A persons in a red jacket and a red hard hat stands near a mountain .	A persons is looking at the mountain wait for the rights times to climbing it .
neutral	A individuals in a red jacket and a red harsh hat stands near a mountain .	A individuals is looking at the mountain wait for the right periods to climb it .
neutral	The male in the black shirt is showing the masculine in the orange shirt something that he has for selling .	A retail boutique worker shows a clients the latest decorator wear .
neutral	The male in the black shirt is showing the mens in the orange shirt something that he has for sale .	A retail store worker shows a customers the latest decorator wear .
neutral	The masculine in the negro shirt is showing the mens in the orange shirt something that he has for sold .	A retail store worker shows a customer the latest designer wear .
neutral	A solitaire persons in a lengthy , black trench coat and scarf and carrying a red rucksack goes past an apparently-closed cafe at nightly , with the texts `` CAFE DE FLO '' visible on the cafe canopy banner .	A businessman walks by a closed cafe .
neutral	A unique persons in a lengthy , black trench coat and scarf and carry a red bags goes past an apparently-closed cafe at nighttime , with the text `` CAFE DE FLO '' visible on the cafe canopy banner .	A businessman walks by a closed cafe .
neutral	A sole persons in a lengthy , black trench coat and scarf and carry a red handbags goes past an apparently-closed cafe at night , with the text `` CAFE DE FLO '' visible on the cafe canopy banner .	A businessman walks by a closed cafe .
neutral	A female holding backpack behind plantains .	The females is roughly to steal the fruit to make dinner for her cats .
neutral	A females holding handbag behind plantains .	The woman is approximately to stolen the fruit to make dinner for her cats .
neutral	A females holding wallets behind plantains .	The woman is roughly to robbery the fruit to make dinner for her cats .
neutral	Three soccer players , two in orange one in yellow , running for the ball on a soccer field .	Some teams were play ball in the field .
neutral	Three soccer players , two in orange one in yellow , running for the ball on a soccer field .	Some teams were playing ball in the field .
neutral	Three soccer gamers , two in orange one in yellow , running for the ball on a soccer field .	Some teams were play ball in the field .
neutral	a female in a brown attire quest at papers in front of a class .	A woman auditing papers is a professors .
neutral	a women in a brown garb searching at papers in front of a class .	A woman checked papers is a teacher .
neutral	a woman in a brown dress search at papers in front of a class .	A women checking papers is a professors .
neutral	The girl walk down the street .	Girls were going to the park .
neutral	The girl walk down the street .	Girls were going to the park .
neutral	The girl walk down the street .	Girls were going to the park .
neutral	A swimmer is performing the backstroke in an interior swimming pool set up for a contest .	A swimmer is winning
neutral	A swimmer is performing the breaststroke in an internal swim pool set up for a competition .	A swimmer is winning
neutral	A swimmer is performing the breaststroke in an interior swimming pool set up for a competition .	A swimmer is winning
neutral	A juveniles middle oriental mother in high heels , holding her child juveniles as he lays his head on her shoulder asleep , is gazing out the window .	A females holding her slumber son is thinking roughly the future .
neutral	A youthful media oriental mothers in high heels , holding her minors adolescents as he lays his head on her shoulder asleep , is gazing out the window .	A female holding her sleep sons is thinking approximately the future .
neutral	A youths mid oriental mum in high heels , holding her miners minor as he lays his head on her shoulder asleep , is gazing out the window .	A female holding her sleep son is thinking about the future .
neutral	Band plays in tight quarters .	The four members of the bands are in tight quarters .
neutral	Band plays in tight quarters .	The four member of the band are in tight quarters .
neutral	Band plays in tight quarters .	The four member of the band are in tight quarters .
neutral	Three woman sit together near woven walls .	The woven walls are multicolored .
neutral	Three women sit together near woven walls .	The woven walls are multicolored .
neutral	Three females sit together near woven walls .	The woven walls are multicolored .
neutral	A bands play on stages in a club .	A rock band is playing at the 9:30 Club
neutral	A band play on stage in a club .	A rock bands is play at the 9:30 Club
neutral	A band play on stage in a club .	A rock band is playing at the 9:30 Club
neutral	Three teen men are playing soccer in the beach wearing shorts and beach garb while some people watch	Three kids masculine are play soccer in the beach wearing daisy duke shorts
neutral	Three teenager mens are playing soccer in the beach wearing shorts and beach garb while some people watch	Three teenager males are play soccer in the beach wearing daisy duke shorts
neutral	Three children masculine are play soccer in the beach wearing shorts and beach frock while some people watch	Three juveniles males are play soccer in the beach wearing daisy duke shorts
neutral	A persons in full astronaut suit and gear trains in an underwater darkroom as a diving diver assist .	A woman astronaut adjust to the feeling of low gravity by training submarine .
neutral	A person in full astronaut suit and gear trains in an underwater darkroom as a diving diver helps .	A female astronaut shifts to the feeling of low gravity by training underwater .
neutral	A person in full astronaut suit and gear trains in an submarine laboratory as a dives diver helps .	A women astronaut amendment to the feeling of low gravity by training underwater .
neutral	A worker is doing a job on scaffolding .	A tall mankind working
neutral	A worker is doing a job on scaffolding .	A tall human working
neutral	A worker is doing a job on scaffolding .	A tall mankind working
neutral	A masculine is steer his investigate out at seas .	A men is vessel to Cuba .
neutral	A mens is steer his explorer out at sea .	A males is exploring to Cuba .
neutral	A masculine is steer his navigate out at sea .	A males is inquires to Cuba .
neutral	One women taking a images of a seconds females as she leans on a table .	Women taking picture of each other at a restaurant .
neutral	One female taking a photo of a second female as she leans on a tables .	Women taking photos of each other at a restaurant .
neutral	One woman taking a photos of a second women as she leans on a tables .	Women taking photographic of each other at a restaurant .
neutral	A mens wearing black panties rides along a concrete ledge on rollerblades .	The male may lose his balance .
neutral	A male wearing black slacks rides along a concrete ledge on rollerblades .	The men may lose his balance .
neutral	A mens wearing black breeches rides along a concrete ledge on rollerblades .	The male may lose his balancing .
neutral	A games of rugby in which 2 gamers are attempting to stop there adversary from catching a ball in aeroplane .	The gamers are play rugby in a championship game .
neutral	A game of rugby in which 2 gamers are attempting to halting there adversary from catching a ball in aircraft .	The players are play rugby in a championship games .
neutral	A games of rugby in which 2 players are attempting to stopping there adversary from catching a ball in aircraft .	The players are playing rugby in a championship game .
neutral	Dog running through the snowy .	This is the first period the dog has seen snowy .
neutral	Dog running through the snowy .	This is the first schedules the dog has seen snowy .
neutral	Dog running through the snowy .	This is the first period the dog has seen snow .
neutral	An outdated woman is sitting in a chairs on one side of a room with a group of musicians , including a cellist and guitar player , and on the other side of the rooms , a panel of people are sitting on chairs .	She is over 80 olds ancient .
neutral	An age women is sitting in a chair on one side of a rooms with a grouping of musicians , including a cellist and guitar player , and on the other side of the room , a group of people are sitting on chairs .	She is over 80 olds elder .
neutral	An outdated females is sitting in a chairs on one side of a rooms with a group of musicians , including a cellist and guitar player , and on the other side of the rooms , a panels of people are sitting on chair .	She is over 80 olds aged .
neutral	A heavy number of people are watching male dressed in kilts , one of whom has thrown a long poles .	people celebrate st paddys day
neutral	A massive number of people are watching men clothed in kilts , one of whom has thrown a long pole .	people celebrate st paddys day
neutral	A massive number of people are watching masculine clothed in kilts , one of whom has thrown a lengthy poles .	people celebrate st paddys day
neutral	Kids out in front of a building doing tourist .	The teenagers are on a fieldtrip
neutral	Kids out in front of a building doing tourist .	The youths are on a fieldtrip
neutral	Kids out in front of a building doing tourist .	The kids are on a fieldtrip
neutral	A females is lie on her belly on a white pillow and crying .	A female cries because her husband left .
neutral	A females is lie on her abdomen on a white pillow and crying .	A women cries because her husband left .
neutral	A woman is lies on her belly on a white pillow and crying .	A women cries because her husband left .
neutral	A man of the cloth puts a black substance on a mens 's brow .	The mens are at church .
neutral	A masculine of the cloth puts a negro substance on a masculine 's forehead .	The man are at church .
neutral	A mens of the cloth puts a negro substance on a mens 's forehead .	The mens are at church .
neutral	Women in red are performing with nun-chucks .	The woman are auditioning for a kung fu movies .
neutral	Women in red are performing with nun-chucks .	The woman are auditioning for a kung fu cinema .
neutral	Women in red are performing with nun-chucks .	The females are auditioning for a kung fu film .
neutral	Six mens in tuxedos stand next to a black metal fence outside the back doors of a marble building .	They are in a wedding
neutral	Six masculine in tuxedos stand next to a negro metals fences outer the back doors of a marble building .	They are in a wedding
neutral	Six men in tuxedos stand next to a black metal fence outdoor the back doors of a marble building .	They are in a wedding
neutral	A juveniles boy with a shaved head and dirty white collared shirt holds a chicken in his arm .	The teenage boy is outer .
neutral	A teens boy with a shaved head and dirty white collared shirt holds a chicken in his arm .	The youths boy is exterior .
neutral	A youthful boy with a shaved head and dirty white collared shirt holds a chicken in his arm .	The teenager boy is outside .
neutral	A adolescents boy with a shaved head and dirty white collared shirt holds a chicken in his arm .	The juvenile boy is on a farm .
neutral	A miner boy with a shaved head and dirty white collared shirt holds a chicken in his arm .	The teenaged boy is on a farm .
neutral	A youthful boy with a shaved head and dirty white collared shirt holds a chicken in his arm .	The teen boy is on a farm .
neutral	This is a twist , turn roller coaster ride , filled with people .	The roller coaster ride is made from woods .
neutral	This is a twisting , turning roller coaster ride , filled with people .	The roller coaster ride is made from woods .
neutral	This is a twisting , turn roller coaster ride , filled with people .	The roller coaster ride is made from wood .
neutral	A caucasian male wearing red whiskey bottoms and a negro vest with hefty buttons with a tattoo on one arm has an upside down unicycle balancing on his mouth .	A clown is performing a unicycle ploy .
neutral	A caucasian men wearing red whiskey bottoms and a negro vest with overwhelming buttons with a tattoo on one arm has an upside down unicycle balancing on his mouth .	A clown is performing a unicycle ploy .
neutral	A whites males wearing red bourbon bottoms and a negro vest with heavy buttons with a tattoo on one arm has an upside down unicycle balances on his mouth .	A clown is performing a unicycle trick .
neutral	underage practising kicks move	A teenagers is practicing a complicated kicks move .
neutral	minors practicing kicks move	A miner is practice a complicated kicks move .
neutral	teens practicing kicks move	A children is practise a complicated karate move .
neutral	A adolescence males waits on a bench with his backpack behind a few announcements in London .	A juveniles masculine waits outdoors in London on a bench .
neutral	A teenaged males waits on a bench with his sac behind a few propaganda in London .	A minor man waits outdoors in London on a bench .
neutral	A kid masculine waits on a bench with his purse behind a few advertising in London .	A teenagers men waits outdoors in London on a bench .
neutral	A teenager males waits on a bench with his backpack behind a few advertise in London .	The publicity behind him are for a food .
neutral	A youth mens waits on a bench with his pockets behind a few announcement in London .	The announcement behind him are for a food .
neutral	A minor males waits on a bench with his rucksack behind a few announced in London .	The announces behind him are for a food .
neutral	Some teens are play soccer in front of a vast timber gate .	The adolescents are enemy .
neutral	Some youthful are play soccer in front of a massive timber gate .	The adolescent are foe .
neutral	Some adolescents are playing soccer in front of a immense timber gate .	The miners are enemy .
neutral	Rock bands on stages immersed in light show .	Some of the lighting are yellow .
neutral	Rock bands on stage immersed in light show .	Some of the lighting are yellow .
neutral	Rock band on stages immersed in light show .	Some of the illumination are yellow .
neutral	A guitarist , a drummer , and another band members are performing on stages with red illumination on the background .	A bands is playing a song for an audience .
neutral	A guitarist , a drummer , and another band member are performing on stages with red lights on the background .	A band is play a song for an audience .
neutral	A guitarist , a drummer , and another band member are performing on stage with red lights on the background .	A band is play a song for an audience .
neutral	A guitarist , a drummer , and another bands members are performing on stages with red illumination on the background .	A bands is playing a concert in a packets stadium .
neutral	A guitarist , a drummer , and another band members are performing on stage with red lighting on the background .	A bands is playing a concert in a bundles stadium .
neutral	A guitarist , a drummer , and another bands member are performing on stages with red lights on the background .	A bands is playing a concert in a packaged stadium .
neutral	A individuals rolls down a hill riding a wagon as another watches .	A youths in a wagon rolls down a hill .
neutral	A individuals rolls down a hill riding a wagon as another clocks .	A youngsters in a wagon rolls down a hill .
neutral	A individuals rolls down a hill riding a wagon as another watches .	A minor in a wagon rolls down a hill .
neutral	The Sooner football player carrying the ball is trying to avoided being tackled .	A quarterback is holding a ball .
neutral	The Sooner football player carrying the ball is trying to avoid being tackled .	A quarterback is holding a ball .
neutral	The Sooner football player carry the ball is trying to avoid being tackled .	A quarterback is holding a ball .
neutral	A women with a black bag and a red coat is sitting on a pillar of concrete .	The females is wait for her boyfriend at the local bus stopping .
neutral	A female with a black handbag and a red coat is sitting on a pillar of concrete .	The women is wait for her boyfriend at the local bus halt .
neutral	A female with a negro purses and a red coat is sitting on a pillar of concrete .	The female is waiting for her boyfriend at the local bus halting .
neutral	A panels of people standing around smiling , and in the background are more people and homemade signs .	There are a few unhappy people here .
neutral	A grouping of people standing around smiling , and in the background are more people and homemade signs .	There are a few unhappy people here .
neutral	A groups of people standing around smiling , and in the background are more people and homemade signs .	There are a few unhappy people here .
neutral	A concert with a blue shirted boy in the front and light shining in the back	A fan has his moment
neutral	A concert with a blue shirted boy in the front and light shining in the back	A fan has his moment
neutral	A concert with a blue shirted boy in the front and light shining in the back	A fan has his moment
neutral	a boy holding onto the wall of an age brick housing 's raised basics .	a boy holding onto the wall of an outdated brick house 's raised basics as construction occurs
neutral	a boy holding onto the wall of an aged brick house 's raised foundation .	a boy holding onto the wall of an elderly brick house 's raised foundation as construction occurs
neutral	a boy holding onto the wall of an senior brick housing 's raised basics .	a boy holding onto the wall of an elders brick homes 's raised basics as construction occurs
neutral	A mens in a shirt and tie speaks to a panel as an elders females holding a cup of coffee looks on .	The males is wearing khakis .
neutral	A masculine in a shirt and tie speaks to a panels as an elderly females holding a cup of coffee looks on .	The men is wearing khakis .
neutral	A male in a shirt and tie speaks to a panels as an antique woman holding a cup of coffee looks on .	The males is wearing khakis .
neutral	A little boy with a shirt , shorts and socks on , standing on the beach .	A boy is watching the oceanic .
neutral	A little boy with a shirt , shorts and socks on , standing on the beach .	A boy is watching the nautical .
neutral	A little boy with a shirt , shorts and socks on , standing on the beach .	A boy is watching the naval .
neutral	A little boy with a shirt , shorts and socks on , standing on the beach .	A boy is watching a investigate float by .
neutral	A small boy with a shirt , shorts and socks on , standing on the beach .	A boy is watching a surveys float by .
neutral	A petite boy with a shirt , shorts and socks on , standing on the beach .	A boy is watching a browsing float by .
neutral	Three females talk to each other next to another females sitting on a bicycles .	A panel of females went for a cycling ride .
neutral	Three females talk to each other next to another females sitting on a moped .	A grouping of women went for a bike ride .
neutral	Three woman talk to each other next to another female sitting on a bikes .	A group of women went for a cycle ride .
neutral	Male wearing brown shorts and negro t-shirt in his bedroom with his feet on the desk conversations on the phones .	A masculine is conversation to his wife on the telephone .
neutral	Male wearing brown shorts and black t-shirt in his bedroom with his footing on the desk conversation on the cellphones .	A man is discussions to his wife on the telephones .
neutral	Male wearing brown shorts and black t-shirt in his chamber with his foot on the desk discussions on the phones .	A males is conversations to his wife on the phone .
neutral	A group of uniforms officers in a street wearing a mix of gas masks and face shields .	The cops are controls an unruly crowd .
neutral	A panels of standardized officers in a street wearing a mixing of gas masks and face shields .	The policemen are controls an unruly crowd .
neutral	A groups of standardized officers in a street wearing a blending of gas masks and face shields .	The policemen are controlling an unruly crowd .
neutral	Street dealers preparing and serving grilled food .	Street sellers are skillfully grilling food for customers .
neutral	Street salesperson preparing and serving grilled food .	Street vendor are skilfully grilling food for customer .
neutral	Street salesmen preparing and serving grilled food .	Street dealers are skillfully grilling food for customers .
neutral	A men clothed in a surfing shirt and blue and white shorts skillfully guides his yellow board with its multicolored examines over the crest of an marines wave , flipping over in the process .	a males has surfed for an hour
neutral	A masculine attired in a surf shirt and blue and white shorts skilfully fliers his yellow board with its multicolored navigator over the crest of an oceans wave , flipping over in the process .	a males has surfed for an hour
neutral	A man clothed in a surfer shirt and blue and white shorts skillfully brochure his yellow board with its multicolored examines over the crest of an oceans wave , flipping over in the process .	a men has surfed for an hour
neutral	A males playing an electrical guitar on stage .	A mens is performing for funding .
neutral	A masculine play an electrical guitar on stages .	A male is performing for funds .
neutral	A man play an electric guitar on stages .	A man is performing for finance .
neutral	A mens windsurfer surfer on some blue waves with his yellow surfboard and red and white sail it looks as though he is approximately to fall into the water because he is suspended in the airliner sideways .	A windsurfer realizes his trick has gone wrong and he is going to crash .
neutral	A males windsurfer surfer on some blue waves with his yellow surfboard and red and white sailboat it looks as though he is about to fall into the water because he is suspended in the airline sideways .	A windsurfer realizes his trick has gone wrong and he is going to crash .
neutral	A male windsurfer surf on some blue waves with his yellow surfboard and red and white ship it looks as though he is roughly to fall into the water because he is suspended in the aviation sideways .	A windsurfer realizes his trick has gone wrong and he is going to crash .
neutral	A crowd watching a duo in blue dancing on a stage .	A crowd is watching a talent show .
neutral	A crowd watching a duo in blue dancing on a stages .	A crowd is watching a talent show .
neutral	A crowd watching a duo in blue dancing on a stage .	A crowd is watching a talent show .
neutral	A males is using what looks to be a fax machine .	A sad mens is using what looks to be a fax machine .
neutral	A male is using what looks to be a fax machine .	A sad male is using what looks to be a fax machine .
neutral	A male is using what looks to be a fax machine .	A sad males is using what looks to be a fax machine .
neutral	Bruce Springsteen , with one arm outstretched , is singing in the spotlight in a dark concert hall .	Bruce Springsteen is from Florida .
neutral	Bruce Springsteen , with one arm outstretched , is singing in the spotlight in a dark concert hall .	Bruce Springsteen is from Florida .
neutral	Bruce Springsteen , with one arm outstretched , is singing in the spotlight in a dark concert hall .	Bruce Springsteen is from Florida .
neutral	A adolescent in a blue and white striped shirt crosses his pistol and smiles while standing on red carpeted stairs .	A youthful is smiling as he clocks a clown .
neutral	A minors in a blue and white striped shirt crosses his rifles and smiles while standing on red carpeted stairs .	A underage is smiling as he watches a clown .
neutral	A kid in a blue and white striped shirt crosses his weapons and smiles while standing on red carpeted stairs .	A miner is smiling as he clocks a clown .
neutral	An Asian masculine walks a three-wheeled pedal card fully of white handbags .	An Asian men walks a three-wheeled pedal cards totally of white rucksack and he can be seen leaving the store .
neutral	An Asian males walks a three-wheeled pedal valentines totally of white satchel .	An Asian mens walks a three-wheeled pedal card entirely of white wallets and he can be seen leaving the boutique .
neutral	An Asian males walks a three-wheeled pedal cards fully of white bags .	An Asian males walks a three-wheeled pedal card entirely of white purse and he can be seen leaving the store .
neutral	An Asian males is praying at a Buddhist temple .	The masculine has been Buddhist his whole vie .
neutral	An Asian man is praying at a Buddhist temple .	The male has been Buddhist his entire life .
neutral	An Asian masculine is praying at a Buddhist temple .	The men has been Buddhist his whole lifetime .
neutral	A bands performing at a local bar or club .	The band is playing rock music
neutral	A bands performing at a local bar or club .	The band is play rock music
neutral	A bands performing at a local bar or club .	The bands is playing rock music
neutral	Two kids males climb a trees overlooking a farming setting , with one of them out far on a limb and clutching a white helmet .	Two siblings are climbing a trees to get down their Frisbee .
neutral	Two teens masculine climbing a trees overlooking a agricultural setting , with one of them out far on a limb and clutching a white helmet .	Two siblings are climbing a trees to get down their Frisbee .
neutral	Two teens man climb a tree overlooking a agriculture setting , with one of them out far on a limb and clutching a white helmet .	Two fraternal are climbing a trees to get down their Frisbee .
neutral	A boy in shorts doing a skateboard trick .	a boy skateboard in the summer on a street
neutral	A boy in shorts doing a skateboarding trick .	a boy skateboarding in the summer on a street
neutral	A boy in shorts doing a skateboarding ploy .	a boy skateboarding in the summer on a street
neutral	Bruce Springsteen , with one arm outstretched , is singing in the spotlight in a dark concert hall .	Bruce Springsteen is gay
neutral	Bruce Springsteen , with one arm outstretched , is sung in the spotlight in a dark concert hall .	Bruce Springsteen is gay
neutral	Bruce Springsteen , with one arm outstretched , is sung in the spotlight in a dark concert hall .	Bruce Springsteen is gay
neutral	A masculine looks at an iPad on a underground , while a beautiful women reads a book .	The masculine with the ipad is elder than the women reading the book .
neutral	A male looks at an iPad on a subway , while a beautiful female reads a book .	The men with the ipad is age than the female reading the book .
neutral	A masculine looks at an iPad on a subway , while a beautiful women reads a book .	The mens with the ipad is aging than the female reading the book .
neutral	A teenaged males in a straw hat , jeans , and a plaid shirt sweeps dust from stone steps in front of a stone building .	a man cleans exterior his work
neutral	A juveniles men in a straw hat , jeans , and a bourbon shirt sweeps dust from stone steps in front of a stone building .	a male cleans outdoor his work
neutral	A adolescent mens in a straw hat , jeans , and a plaid shirt sweeps dust from stone steps in front of a stone building .	a men cleans outboard his work
neutral	A group of people wearing white gowns with flame pattern posing for a photographer at some sorting of festival .	The group of people are part of a cult .
neutral	A panel of people wearing white robes with flame pattern posing for a image at some sorting of festival .	The panels of people are portion of a cult .
neutral	A group of people wearing white gowns with flame pattern posing for a photographs at some sorting of festival .	The groups of people are portion of a cult .
neutral	Six dogs swimming in a river .	Six dogs swim across the river .
neutral	Six dogs swimming in a river .	Six dogs swim across the river .
neutral	Six dogs swim in a river .	Six dogs swim across the river .
neutral	A females sits in a marketplace where she selling wares with her dog .	A women sells her wares in a busy marketplace .
neutral	A woman sits in a marketplace where she sold goods with her dog .	A female sale her goods in a busy marketplace .
neutral	A women sits in a market where she sell goods with her dog .	A female sale her wares in a busy markets .
neutral	Two workers with leaf blowers blow orange leaves off patches of grass next to a wet sidewalk .	Two workers blowing leaves on a fall day
neutral	Two workers with leaf blowers blow orange leaves off patches of grass next to a wet pavement .	Two workers blowing leaves on a fall day
neutral	Two workers with leaf blowers blow orange leaves off patches of grass next to a wet pavement .	Two workers blowing leaves on a fall day
neutral	A little boy wearing a blue shirt plays in the kiddie pool .	Boy cool off during the summer
neutral	A small boy wearing a blue shirt plays in the kiddie pool .	Boy cooling off during the summer
neutral	A little boy wearing a blue shirt plays in the kiddie pool .	Boy cool off during the summer
neutral	Africans are walking down a filth routes with straw huts in the background .	The people are in Africa
neutral	Africans are walking down a filth routes with straw huts in the background .	The people are in Africa
neutral	Africans are walking down a filth path with straw huts in the background .	The people are in Africa
neutral	Men work on a city street .	The men are construction workers
neutral	Men work on a city street .	The males are construction workers
neutral	Men work on a town street .	The male are construction workers
neutral	Workers wearing orange vests work on fences .	Guys working outboard .
neutral	Workers wearing orange vests work on fencing .	Guys working outside .
neutral	Workers wearing orange vests work on fencing .	Guys working outside .
neutral	Workers wearing orange vests work on fencing .	Men working to build a fencing for customers .
neutral	Workers wearing orange vests work on fence .	Men working to build a fence for client .
neutral	Workers wearing orange vests work on fence .	Men working to build a fence for clients .
neutral	A dark-skinned masculine wearing a green ceilings backwards on his head grins in a crowd .	The guy in the green chap just got home .
neutral	A dark-skinned male wearing a green ceilings backward on his head grins in a crowd .	The guy in the green caps just got home .
neutral	A dark-skinned mens wearing a green ceilings backward on his head grins in a crowd .	The guy in the green ceilings just got home .
neutral	A gras women wearing faint blue top is blowing soap bubble .	A gras woman is wearing underclothes .
neutral	A greasy female wearing faint blue top is blowing soap bubble .	A fat women is wearing panties .
neutral	A greasy female wearing faint blue top is blowing soap bubble .	A gras female is wearing pants .
neutral	A mens is swim with a small daughters wearing a pink lifetime jacket in an inside pool	A mens is teaching his granddaughter to swim .
neutral	A male is swim with a little girls wearing a pink life jacket in an inland pool	A males is teaching his granddaughter to swimming .
neutral	A mens is swim with a small daughter wearing a pink vie jacket in an internal pool	A masculine is teaching his granddaughter to swim .
neutral	An elderly gentleman wearing a hat is walking on crutches next to a busy street .	A male on crutches is trying to cross the street .
neutral	An antiquated gentleman wearing a hat is walking on crutches next to a busy street .	A male on crutches is trying to crossed the street .
neutral	An age gentleman wearing a hat is walking on crutches next to a busy street .	A man on crutches is trying to cross the street .
neutral	A youth masculine , wearing a T-shirt that says Joplin , plays the guitar in front of a massive amplifier .	The men is a Janice Joplin fan .
neutral	A young man , wearing a T-shirt that says Joplin , plays the guitar in front of a monumental amplifier .	The men is a Janice Joplin fan .
neutral	A juveniles man , wearing a T-shirt that says Joplin , plays the guitar in front of a heavy amplifier .	The men is a Janice Joplin fan .
neutral	A children male , wearing a T-shirt that says Joplin , plays the guitar in front of a enormous amplifier .	The mens is play an acoustic guitar .
neutral	A teens males , wearing a T-shirt that says Joplin , plays the guitar in front of a heavy amplifier .	The male is play an acoustic guitar .
neutral	A adolescent male , wearing a T-shirt that says Joplin , plays the guitar in front of a huge amplifier .	The male is play an acoustic guitar .
neutral	An ancient mens is smiling while sitting in front of a row of soda cans .	An ancient man collection soda cans .
neutral	An aged mens is smiling while sitting in front of a row of soda cans .	An age mens collection soda cans .
neutral	An antique man is smiling while sitting in front of a row of soda cans .	An old mens collect soda cans .
neutral	A mens and women are taking a pictures of themselves while a woman in a scarf walks by them .	A men and women take selfies while a female walks by and judge them .
neutral	A man and women are taking a photographer of themselves while a woman in a scarf walks by them .	A man and women take selfies while a female walks by and judge them .
neutral	A men and female are taking a photo of themselves while a female in a scarf walks by them .	A men and female take selfies while a female walks by and judge them .
neutral	A toddler , sitting next to another girl who is slightly old , is using a bubble machine to blow a vast bubble into the airline .	Sisters are using a bubble machine to blow hefty bubbles .
neutral	A toddler , sitting next to another daughter who is slightly aged , is using a bubble machine to blow a gigantic bubble into the airline .	Sisters are using a bubble machine to blow overwhelming bubbles .
neutral	A toddler , sitting next to another girl who is slightly aged , is using a bubble machine to blow a immense bubble into the aerial .	Sisters are using a bubble machine to blow overwhelming bubbles .
neutral	Two men are standing in a freshly razed field at the limits of a forestry , while a bulldozer sits idling vicinity .	The two man are taking a lunch break .
neutral	Two masculine are standing in a freshly razed field at the limit of a forest , while a bulldozer sits inactive vicinity .	The two males are taking a lunch break .
neutral	Two males are standing in a freshly razed field at the confines of a forest , while a bulldozer sits idle vicinity .	The two masculine are taking a lunch break .
neutral	Two soccer players are going after the ball .	They are play soccer exterior .
neutral	Two soccer gamers are going after the ball .	They are playing soccer outboard .
neutral	Two soccer gamers are going after the ball .	They are play soccer outer .
neutral	An antiquated males conversation to a juvenile boy by a tables of produce .	the boy was listening
neutral	An ancient man conversation to a minor boy by a tables of produce .	the boy was listening
neutral	An outdated mens conversation to a juvenile boy by a tables of produce .	the boy was listening
neutral	The guitarist performs a rocking solo .	the musician is performing his favorite song
neutral	The guitarist performs a rocking solo .	the musician is performing his favorite song
neutral	The guitarist performs a rocking solo .	the musician is performing his favorite song
neutral	Man with scotch shirt staring off into the distance .	Man stares at a paint in a museum .
neutral	Man with whisky shirt staring off into the distance .	Man stares at a painted in a museum .
neutral	Man with scotland shirt staring off into the distance .	Man stares at a painted in a museum .
neutral	Man with whiskey shirt staring off into the distance .	Man stares off into the distance at the incoming clouds .
neutral	Man with scotch shirt staring off into the distance .	Man stares off into the distance at the incoming clouds .
neutral	Man with scotland shirt staring off into the distance .	Man stares off into the distance at the inward clouds .
neutral	Three adults are working in a garden near a fence in the yard .	They are planting flowering .
neutral	Three adult are working in a garden near a fences in the yard .	They are planting flowers .
neutral	Three grownup are working in a garden near a fences in the yard .	They are planting flowers .
neutral	A panels of people , mostly in straw hats , follow a male onto a beach covered with multiple gigantic rocks .	They plans to go throw rocks into the water
neutral	A panel of people , mostly in straw hats , follow a males onto a beach covered with multiple vast rocks .	They plans to go throw rocks into the water
neutral	A grouping of people , mainly in straw hats , follow a man onto a beach covered with varying gigantic rocks .	They plans to go throw rocks into the water
neutral	A longeared dog running in the grass .	A beagle runs in the grass .
neutral	A longeared dog running in the grass .	A beagle runs in the grass .
neutral	A longeared dog running in the grass .	A beagle runs in the grass .
neutral	a panel of people dancing together .	They are doing the tango .
neutral	a groups of people dancing together .	They are doing the tango .
neutral	a panel of people dancing together .	They are doing the tango .
neutral	The guy in the negro jacket is standing on his hand on a checkered rectangle .	The circus performer wows the crowd with his feat .
neutral	The guy in the negro jacket is standing on his hand on a checkered rectangle .	The circus performer wows the crowd with his feat .
neutral	The guy in the negro jacket is standing on his hand on a checkered rectangle .	The circus performer wows the crowd with his feat .
neutral	A males stands on one hand in the street while a crowd clocks .	The man is street performer .
neutral	A mens stands on one hand in the street while a crowd clocks .	The male is street performer .
neutral	A males stands on one hand in the street while a crowd watches .	The males is street performer .
neutral	A petite daughter with pointy braids is sitting in the sand on the beach .	A young daughters enjoys a moment on the beach while she is on vacation .
neutral	A little daughters with pointy pigtails is sitting in the sand on the beach .	A youthful girl enjoys a moment on the beach while she is on vacation .
neutral	A petite girl with pointy pigtails is sitting in the sand on the beach .	A teenager girls enjoys a moment on the beach while she is on vacation .
neutral	A masculine in a gray shirt and green tie is working with his computers at his office desk .	A mens in a grey shirt is working on a novel .
neutral	A male in a gray shirt and green tie is working with his computers at his office desk .	A men in a grey shirt is working on a newer .
neutral	A men in a gray shirt and green tie is working with his computer at his office desk .	A men in a grey shirt is working on a newest .
neutral	A males is riding a motorcycle in the street .	the males is chases after his daughter
neutral	A men is riding a bicycle in the street .	the mens is chase after his daughter
neutral	A mens is riding a bicycles in the street .	the males is hunting after his daughter
neutral	A guy on Rollerblades , sliding across a rail .	The males rollerblader is skilfully riding the stair railing .
neutral	A guy on Rollerblades , sliding across a rail .	The man rollerblader is skilfully riding the stair railing .
neutral	A guy on Rollerblades , sliding across a rail .	The males rollerblader is skillfully riding the stair railing .
neutral	A teenage boy plays on a pile of rocks .	A boy is playing army with measure numbers on rocks .
neutral	A teenaged boy plays on a pile of rocks .	A boy is play army with activity digit on rocks .
neutral	A youthful boy plays on a pile of rocks .	A boy is play army with measures digit on rocks .
neutral	One males cut through frosting on a frigid day .	The males chop the frosting wrong .
neutral	One males cut through frosting on a icy day .	The masculine cut the ice wrong .
neutral	One males chop through ice on a chilly day .	The men cut the frosting wrong .
neutral	A laughing male is sitting in a camp chair with his revolver outstretched , while a men in a negro shirt next to him is stuffing his face .	the man betting the other mens to eat 40 cookies
neutral	A laugh male is sitting in a camp chair with his handgun outstretched , while a masculine in a black shirt next to him is stuffing his face .	the males wagering the other male to eat 40 cookies
neutral	A laughing masculine is sitting in a camp chair with his pistols outstretched , while a male in a black shirt next to him is stuffing his face .	the male bet the other mens to eat 40 cookies
neutral	A laugh mens is sitting in a camp chair with his handgun outstretched , while a men in a negro shirt next to him is stuffing his face .	the males was laugh at the male who was stuffing his face
neutral	A laugh masculine is sitting in a camp chair with his handgun outstretched , while a men in a black shirt next to him is stuffing his face .	the mens was laughing at the mens who was stuffing his face
neutral	A laughing men is sitting in a camp chairs with his rifles outstretched , while a man in a black shirt next to him is stuffing his face .	the men was laugh at the man who was stuffing his face
neutral	Three dogs run through the grass while wearing colored shirts .	Three small dogs run through the grass during the day
neutral	Three dogs run through the grass while wearing colored shirts .	Three little dogs run through the grass during the day
neutral	Three dogs run through the grass while wearing colored shirts .	Three small dogs run through the grass during the day
neutral	Men wearing blue standardized sit on a bus .	Men sit on the bus going to work ,
neutral	Men wearing blue standardized sit on a bus .	Men sit on the bus going to work ,
neutral	Men wearing blue standardized sit on a bus .	Men sit on the bus going to work ,
neutral	A masculine in a pinstriped suit walks down the street and does n't notice the quirky poster on his left .	The man who just acquired a pinstriped suit for a formally dinner did n't notice the poster to his left that shows a men wearing the identical suit .
neutral	A men in a pinstriped suit walks down the street and does n't notice the quirky poster on his left .	The male who just acquired a pinstriped suit for a officially dinner did n't notices the placard to his left that shows a man wearing the same suit .
neutral	A males in a pinstriped suit walks down the street and does n't notice the quirky poster on his left .	The man who just purchased a pinstriped suit for a solemnly dinner did n't notices the placard to his left that shows a men wearing the identical suit .
neutral	A female wearing a grey jacket and visibly laughing is seated next to a females who is wearing a dark blue jumper and is smirking .	The women just heard a joking .
neutral	A women wearing a grey jacket and visibly laugh is seated next to a females who is wearing a dark blue jumper and is smirking .	The females just heard a joking .
neutral	A women wearing a grey jacket and visibly laughing is seated next to a females who is wearing a dark blue sweater and is smirking .	The woman just heard a joking .
neutral	A female with a blue hat and blue and red jacket setting up a camera on a tripod .	A females sets up a camera to captures picture of the nighttime sky
neutral	A females with a blue hat and blue and red jacket setting up a camera on a tripod .	A females sets up a camera to captured photograph of the nighttime sky
neutral	A woman with a blue hat and blue and red jacket setting up a camera on a tripod .	A women sets up a camera to capture picture of the night sky
neutral	A persons rides a motorcycles on a dirt paths surrounded by tree .	The cycling is negro .
neutral	A persons rides a motorbikes on a dirt pathway surrounded by trees .	The cycling is negro .
neutral	A individuals rides a cycle on a filth pathway surrounded by tree .	The motorbikes is negro .
neutral	a masculine grabs his crotch during a politics demonstration .	The mens is demonstrations for better pay .
neutral	a man grabs his crotch during a political demonstration .	The male is protest for better wages .
neutral	a man grabs his crotch during a political demonstration .	The male is protests for better wage .
neutral	A dog and a cow play together indoor the fence .	A dog and cow are play with hay .
neutral	A dog and a cow playing together interior the fencing .	A dog and cow are playing with hay .
neutral	A dog and a cow play together interior the fencing .	A dog and cow are play with hay .
neutral	A young mens , wearing a white shirt , prepares hotdogs on a small grille .	A youths mens is grilling hotdogs for a Memorial Day parties .
neutral	A children male , wearing a white shirt , prepares hotdogs on a small grill .	A miners man is grilling hotdogs for a Memorial Day party .
neutral	A adolescents men , wearing a white shirt , prepares hotdogs on a small grill .	A child male is grilling hotdogs for a Memorial Day parties .
neutral	People searches at their reflection and the reflection of a city in a long irregular shaped mirror	People look at their reflection in New York City .
neutral	People searches at their reflection and the reflection of a city in a long irregular shaped mirror	People look at their reflection in New York City .
neutral	People quest at their reflection and the reflection of a town in a lengthy irregular shaped mirror	People look at their reflection in New York City .
neutral	A small teenagers is riding in a red wagon .	A young is playing inland the house .
neutral	A small miners is riding in a red wagon .	A underage is play inland the houses .
neutral	A petite teenaged is riding in a red wagon .	A youths is playing inside the dwelling .
neutral	A small teenager is riding in a red wagon .	A youth is in a wagon and someone is pulling it .
neutral	A small child is riding in a red wagon .	A minor is in a wagon and someone is pulling it .
neutral	A little juveniles is riding in a red wagon .	A miner is in a wagon and someone is pulling it .
neutral	A girls in a blue shirt hugging a girl also in a blue shirt .	Someone made one of the girl cry .
neutral	A daughter in a blue shirt hugging a daughter also in a blue shirt .	Someone made one of the girl cry .
neutral	A daughter in a blue shirt hugging a girl also in a blue shirt .	Someone made one of the daughters cry .
neutral	Three male and one woman are posing for a photographic with snowy on the ground and mountains covered with green tree and snow in the background .	Four friends pose for a photographed on their ski holiday .
neutral	Three man and one female are posing for a photographed with snowy on the ground and mountains cover with green trees and snowy in the background .	Four friends pose for a images on their ski holiday .
neutral	Three men and one women are posing for a picture with snowy on the ground and mountains cover with green tree and snow in the background .	Four friends pose for a picture on their skis holiday .
neutral	She is standing outdoor a building .	A women is posing for a selfie .
neutral	She is standing outdoor a building .	A women is posing for a selfie .
neutral	She is standing outboard a building .	A woman is posing for a selfie .
neutral	A mens is riding his filth cycle through the airline in the deserts .	A male is showing off to his girlfriend while doing tricks on a dirt motorcycles .
neutral	A mens is riding his dirt cycle through the planes in the desert .	A man is showing off to his girlfriend while doing tricks on a dirt bicycle .
neutral	A masculine is riding his filth motorcycles through the aircraft in the deserts .	A mens is showing off to his girlfriend while doing tricks on a dirt moped .
neutral	Two man climb on a lumber scaffold .	Two sad men climb on a wooden scaffold .
neutral	Two men climb on a lumber scaffold .	Two sad masculine climbing on a timber scaffold .
neutral	Two man climb on a woods scaffold .	Two sad male climbing on a lumber scaffold .
neutral	Three people wearing black blindfolds near a `` Salvar O Planeta '' sign .	they are protesting
neutral	Three people wearing negro blindfolds near a `` Salvar O Planeta '' sign .	they are protesting
neutral	Three people wearing black blindfolds near a `` Salvar O Planeta '' sign .	they are protesting
neutral	A demolition crane tearing down what is left of a building with a male standing on a platform sprays water .	The man is sprinkler water on the rubble so that it does n't get too dusty as the building is demolished .
neutral	A demolition crane tearing down what is left of a building with a masculine standing on a platform spraying water .	The male is sprinkler water on the rubble so that it does n't get too dusty as the building is demolished .
neutral	A demolition crane tearing down what is left of a building with a males standing on a platform sprinkler water .	The man is spray water on the rubble so that it does n't get too dusty as the building is demolished .
neutral	A teen blond daughter is eating her freezes snack while sitting on a bench next to a red stroller .	a female rests near her baby
neutral	A minors blond girls is eating her freezes snack while sitting on a bench next to a red stroller .	a female rests near her baby
neutral	A juvenile blond girl is eating her freeze snack while sitting on a bench next to a red stroller .	a females rests near her baby
neutral	A group of people building gingerbread dwelling .	A panels of pupils are working on a gingerbread homes neighborhood for class .
neutral	A panel of people building gingerbread homes .	A panels of schoolchildren are working on a gingerbread homes neighborhood for class .
neutral	A grouping of people building gingerbread homes .	A groups of pupil are working on a gingerbread housing neighborhood for class .
neutral	A panels of people sitting and knitting .	A groups of females are knitted .
neutral	A group of people sitting and knit .	A panels of women are knit .
neutral	A grouping of people sitting and knitted .	A groups of woman are knitted .
neutral	A youthful Asian girls is wearing a pink garb and holding an umbrella even though it is not raining .	The daughter in a pink attire utilizes an umbrella for a sun shade .
neutral	A juveniles Asian daughter is wearing a pink garb and holding an umbrella even though it is not raining .	The daughter in a pink attire uses an umbrella for a sun shade .
neutral	A teenagers Asian daughter is wearing a pink frock and holding an umbrella even though it is not raining .	The girl in a pink attire utilizes an umbrella for a sun shade .
neutral	A bird is flapping its wings on the water .	The duck is swim in the lake .
neutral	A fowl is flapping its wings on the water .	The duck is swim in the lake .
neutral	A fowl is flapping its wings on the water .	The duck is swimming in the lake .
neutral	A youngsters female wearing a yellow sweater and black breeches is ice skate outdoors .	a females is practicing for the olympics
neutral	A juvenile woman wearing a yellow sweater and black trousers is frosting skate outdoors .	a woman is practise for the olympics
neutral	A child females wearing a yellow jumper and black pants is frosting skate outdoors .	a female is practising for the olympics
neutral	A teenage dame and groups of cadet daughter watching a grouping of soldier masculine drives down the paths at a parade .	They think the males are handsome .
neutral	A teenagers lady and panels of cadet daughter watching a groups of military mens drive down the route at a parade .	They think the masculine are handsome .
neutral	A teenager lady and group of younger girls watching a groups of servicemen males drives down the path at a parade .	They think the man are handsome .
neutral	A woman standing in front of a overwhelming tank at an aquarium turns around to look at the picture .	A female wants a newer facebook photograph of her at the aquarium
neutral	A female standing in front of a immense tank at an aquarium turns around to look at the photographed .	A woman wants a newer facebook photography of her at the aquarium
neutral	A females standing in front of a immense tank at an aquarium turns around to look at the photograph .	A female wants a new facebook photographer of her at the aquarium
neutral	A boy in sport themed pajamas is in front of a Christmas tree .	the kids is in front of the tree on xmas eve
neutral	A boy in sports themed pajamas is in front of a Christmas tree .	the youngsters is in front of the tree on xmas eve
neutral	A boy in sporting themed pajamas is in front of a Christmas tree .	the teenaged is in front of the tree on christmas eve
neutral	A mens is laid back in front of a televisions .	he is watching the news
neutral	A masculine is laid back in front of a tv .	he is watching the news
neutral	A males is laid back in front of a television .	he is watching the news
neutral	A small boy play outdoor on the cemented .	A boy is play with a toy vehicle .
neutral	A petite boy play outboard on the cement .	A boy is play with a toy autos .
neutral	A little boy play exterior on the cement .	A boy is play with a toy vehicles .
neutral	A young boy wearing a red shirt and jeans stands in the middle of a field and throws a toy aeroplane in the planes .	A adolescent boy is play in the field because his mothers kicked him out of the house .
neutral	A minor boy wearing a red shirt and jeans stands in the mid of a field and throws a toy aviation in the aircraft .	A teenagers boy is playing in the field because his mam kicked him out of the housing .
neutral	A teens boy wearing a red shirt and jeans stands in the middle of a field and throws a toy airliner in the airplane .	A kid boy is playing in the field because his momma kicked him out of the house .
neutral	Woman running in a park while listening to music .	A female exercises for the day .
neutral	Woman running in a park while listening to music .	A woman exercises for the day .
neutral	Woman running in a park while listening to music .	A female exercises for the day .
neutral	Two hockey gamers on opposed teams , one in a red and white jersey and one in a blue and negro jersey , are standing on the rink .	Two opponents are getting poised to face off in a Hockey game .
neutral	Two hockey gamers on opposing teams , one in a red and white jersey and one in a blue and black jersey , are standing on the rink .	Two opponents are getting prepared to face off in a Hockey game .
neutral	Two hockey players on opposing teams , one in a red and white jersey and one in a blue and negro jersey , are standing on the rink .	Two opponents are getting ready to face off in a Hockey games .
neutral	People hurrying to get to work in a busy town .	People rushing to get to work in a busy town cause they are late .
neutral	People hurrying to get to work in a busy city .	People rushing to get to work in a busy town cause they are late .
neutral	People hurrying to get to work in a busy city .	People rushing to get to work in a busy city cause they are late .
neutral	People hurrying to get to work in a busy city .	People waiting at a bus halt .
neutral	People hurrying to get to work in a busy town .	People wait at a bus stop .
neutral	People hurrying to get to work in a busy city .	People waiting at a bus stop .
neutral	An Asian women in a hat is measures food from barrels with a ladle into a young metallic pan .	A woman is portioning out soup for the workers .
neutral	An Asian females in a hat is actions food from barrels with a ladle into a juveniles metal pan .	A females is portioning out soup for the workers .
neutral	An Asian women in a hat is action food from barrels with a ladle into a kids metallic pan .	A woman is portioning out soup for the workers .
neutral	An Asian female in a hat is activities food from barrels with a ladle into a adolescence metals pan .	A female is handling food containers .
neutral	An Asian women in a hat is measure food from barrels with a ladle into a youngsters metal pan .	A women is handling food containers .
neutral	An Asian women in a hat is measurements food from barrels with a ladle into a teenage metallic pan .	A woman is handling food containers .
neutral	A masculine in a tough hat , grey t-shirt and holding a cordless drilling saluting in front of a massive American flag .	A construction man takes a break to salute the flag .
neutral	A mens in a tricky hat , gray t-shirt and holding a cordless drill saluting in front of a vast American flag .	A construction masculine takes a break to salute the flag .
neutral	A male in a arduous hat , grey t-shirt and holding a wireless drilling saluting in front of a big American flag .	A construction masculine takes a break to salute the flag .
neutral	A dame in a blue and white piping top takes her own photographic with a disposable camera while another lady with a handbag flashes a piece sign in the background .	A lady is taking image at a parties .
neutral	A lady in a blue and white pipe top takes her owned photography with a disposable camera while another dame with a satchel flashes a piece sign in the background .	A dame is taking photograph at a party .
neutral	A lady in a blue and white tube top takes her owned photographer with a disposable camera while another lady with a handbag flashes a piece sign in the background .	A lady is taking photographed at a parties .
neutral	Six or seven people are standing on a pier with a tables and a pair of eyeglasses in the foreground .	They are going fishing .
neutral	Six or seven people are standing on a pier with a tables and a pair of eyeglasses in the foreground .	They are going fishing .
neutral	Six or seven people are standing on a pier with a table and a pair of sunglasses in the foreground .	They are going fishing .
neutral	A man preparing to bat in a baseball game .	The mens is on a team .
neutral	A masculine preparing to bat in a baseball games .	The male is on a team .
neutral	A masculine preparing to bat in a baseball game .	The masculine is on a team .
neutral	Woman in a blue frock and carrying a negro bag , rides a scooter down the street .	the girls is riding down a filth street
neutral	Woman in a blue dress and carrying a negro backpack , rides a scooter down the street .	the daughter is riding down a filth street
neutral	Woman in a blue dress and carrying a black bag , rides a scooter down the street .	the girls is riding down a filth street
neutral	Boy with red shorts getting soaked with water .	A boy is getting splashed .
neutral	Boy with red shorts getting soaked with water .	A boy is getting splashed .
neutral	Boy with red shorts getting soaked with water .	A boy is getting splashed .
neutral	Boy with red shorts getting soaked with water .	The boy is having fun .
neutral	Boy with red shorts getting soaked with water .	The boy is having fun .
neutral	Boy with red shorts getting soaked with water .	The boy is having fun .
neutral	A females in a red shirt and white skirt playing tennis .	A woman is wearing a silk shirt .
neutral	A females in a red shirt and white skirt play tennis .	A woman is wearing a silk shirt .
neutral	A females in a red shirt and white skirt play tennis .	A women is wearing a silk shirt .
neutral	A tennis player in blue shorts and a white shirt making an aggressive backhand swing towards the tennis ball .	A person is standing on a tennis courts .
neutral	A tennis player in blue shorts and a white shirt making an aggressive backhand swing toward the tennis ball .	A person is standing on a tennis courts .
neutral	A tennis player in blue shorts and a white shirt making an aggressive backhand swing toward the tennis ball .	A person is standing on a tennis courts .
neutral	A men working at the top of a telephone poles .	A man is checked the phone wiring .
neutral	A males working at the top of a phones poles .	A mens is checking the phones wire .
neutral	A male working at the top of a phones poles .	A man is check the telephone wire .
neutral	A individuals wearing orange stockings and chunky boots has her legs stretched out on the grass .	The boots have a hole in them .
neutral	A person wearing orange stockings and chunky boots has her legs stretched out on the grass .	The boots have a hole in them .
neutral	A person wearing orange stockings and chunky boots has her legs stretched out on the grass .	The boots have a hole in them .
neutral	A overnight street scene of a restaurant .	The restaurant is roughly to close .
neutral	A night street scene of a restaurant .	The restaurant is about to close .
neutral	A nightly street scene of a restaurant .	The restaurant is approximately to close .
neutral	A mens in a gray sweatshirt using a power saw .	the guy in the sweatshirt uses the power saw to saw lumber for a house
neutral	A men in a grey sweatshirt using a power saw .	the guy in the sweatshirt utilizes the power saw to saw timber for a house
neutral	A man in a grey sweatshirt using a power saw .	the guy in the sweatshirt uses the power saw to saw lumber for a house
neutral	A females marathon racer wearing a red headband , a red tank top and negro shorts jogging down a paved routing .	a females runs fastest down a road
neutral	A woman marathon runner wearing a red headband , a red tank top and negro shorts jog down a paved route .	a female runs quicker down a road
neutral	A female marathon racer wearing a red headband , a red tank top and negro shorts jogging down a paved route .	a females runs swiftly down a road
neutral	The mens in the brown shirt is holding the hand of the long-haired underage in front of a painted .	A papa took his young to a museum to see a famous paint .
neutral	The masculine in the brown shirt is holding the hand of the long-haired miner in front of a painted .	A dad took his teenagers to a museum to see a famous paintings .
neutral	The mens in the brown shirt is holding the hand of the long-haired youngsters in front of a paintings .	A dad took his teens to a museum to see a famous painting .
neutral	The men in the brown shirt is holding the hand of the long-haired kids in front of a painting .	A mens has sportswear on with his hand holding another teen males in front of a paint .
neutral	The men in the brown shirt is holding the hand of the long-haired children in front of a painting .	A mens has apparel on with his hand holding another youths masculine in front of a paints .
neutral	The men in the brown shirt is holding the hand of the long-haired kids in front of a paintings .	A males has garments on with his hand holding another juveniles mens in front of a paintings .
neutral	A group of people in negro outfits drinking beer .	People drank beer at the pub .
neutral	A groups of people in negro outfits drinking beer .	People drink beer at the pub .
neutral	A groups of people in black outfits drinking beer .	People drink beer at the pub .
neutral	Three female are dressed in ninja costumes .	The ninja costumes are black .
neutral	Three women are clothed in ninja costumes .	The ninja costumes are negro .
neutral	Three females are clothed in ninja costumes .	The ninja costumes are black .
neutral	Man in dark shirt , yellow shorts and yellow bandanna leaps to catch a white frisbee on a soccer court .	a mens is compete with others on a soccor court
neutral	Man in dark shirt , yellow shorts and yellow bandanna leaps to catch a white frisbee on a soccer courts .	a man is compete with others on a soccor court
neutral	Man in dark shirt , yellow shorts and yellow bandanna leaps to catch a white frisbee on a soccer courts .	a mens is competing with others on a soccor court
neutral	A person in a red shirt and black underclothes hunched over .	The individuals is a female .
neutral	A person in a red shirt and black underpants hunched over .	The persons is a females .
neutral	A person in a red shirt and negro undergarments hunched over .	The individuals is a woman .
neutral	Man in dark shirt , yellow shorts and yellow bandanna leaps to catch a white frisbee on a soccer courts .	a masculine is preaparing to playing a game
neutral	Man in dark shirt , yellow shorts and yellow bandanna leaps to catch a white frisbee on a soccer courts .	a males is preaparing to playing a game
neutral	Man in dark shirt , yellow shorts and yellow bandanna leaps to catch a white frisbee on a soccer courts .	a male is preaparing to play a game
neutral	Two dogs are playing catch in a field .	The two dogs are play with a frisbee .
neutral	Two dogs are play catch in a field .	The two dogs are play with a frisbee .
neutral	Two dogs are playing catch in a field .	The two dogs are play with a frisbee .
neutral	Man and a teenaged at an exhibit booth quest at something .	A masculine and his sons are search at something .
neutral	Man and a underage at an exhibit booths searches at something .	A males and his sons are searches at something .
neutral	Man and a underage at an exhibit booths searching at something .	A man and his son are search at something .
neutral	A windsurfer catching aerial with water streaming off of the board .	The windsurfer is having fun .
neutral	A windsurfer catching airplanes with water streaming off of the board .	The windsurfer is having fun .
neutral	A windsurfer catching plane with water streaming off of the board .	The windsurfer is having fun .
neutral	Many people have decided to take a rest on the steps .	The people are on the famous steps Rocky runs up in a training montage .
neutral	Many people have decided to take a rest on the steps .	The people are on the famous steps Rocky runs up in a training montage .
neutral	Many people have decided to take a rest on the steps .	The people are on the famous steps Rocky runs up in a training montage .
neutral	A blond-haired medicine and her African american helpers searching threw novel physician brochure .	A drug is studying
neutral	A blond-haired medication and her African american assistants searching threw new doctors flier .	A medicine is studying
neutral	A blond-haired drug and her African america assistants quest threw new drugs fliers .	A medicine is studying
neutral	A mens is standing on his tip toes in front of two people sitting in the cars .	A short male stands on his tip toes in front of two people .
neutral	A male is standing on his tip toes in front of two people sitting in the automobiles .	A short males stands on his tip toes in front of two people .
neutral	A men is standing on his tip toes in front of two people sitting in the automobiles .	A short male stands on his tip toes in front of two people .
neutral	An antique woman in a white jacket walking past a brick wall using a cain to support herself .	The female is Asian .
neutral	An aging woman in a white jacket walking past a brick wall using a cain to supporting herself .	The female is Asian .
neutral	An elder woman in a white jacket walking past a brick wall using a cain to supporting herself .	The females is Asian .
neutral	A grouping of firemen and officials prepare to turn a motors rights side after a crash .	A groups of people are helps an accidents victim on the freeway .
neutral	A grouping of firefighters and officials prepare to turning a motor right side after a crash .	A panel of people are helps an accidents victim on the interstate .
neutral	A panels of firefighting and officials prepare to turning a motor right side after a crash .	A panel of people are assistance an accidents victim on the interstate .
neutral	A females in an apron is searches for bread .	A female is looking for bread in her kitchen cupboards .
neutral	A women in an apron is searching for bread .	A female is searching for bread in her kitchen cupboards .
neutral	A female in an apron is quest for bread .	A women is quest for bread in her kitchen cupboards .
neutral	A daughter in a pink sundress pushes a scooter past a row of orange construction barrels .	The daughters is wearing shoes
neutral	A daughter in a pink sundress pushes a scooter past a row of orange construction barrels .	The daughters is wearing shoes
neutral	A daughter in a pink sundress pushes a scooter past a row of orange construction barrels .	The daughter is wearing shoes
neutral	A male is playing drumming with a bands .	A masculine is play at the music festival .
neutral	A man is playing drums with a bands .	A male is playing at the music festival .
neutral	A men is play drum with a band .	A men is play at the music festival .
neutral	This youngsters is on the librarian steps .	The children is on the steps interior the bookshelf .
neutral	This juveniles is on the librarian steps .	The underage is on the steps inner the librarian .
neutral	This juvenile is on the librarians steps .	The teenager is on the steps interior the bookstore .
neutral	A couple walking down the street .	An age couple walking , holding hands
neutral	A couple walking down the street .	An elderly couple walking , holding hands
neutral	A couple walking down the street .	An elderly couple walking , holding hands
neutral	A woman fell in the water after riding a wakeboard .	A females fighting to swim after falling into a strong current .
neutral	A women fell in the water after riding a wakeboard .	A female tussle to swimming after falling into a strong current .
neutral	A females fell in the water after riding a wakeboard .	A women battles to swim after falling into a strong current .
neutral	Right leg in a brace , a teen boy lurks on the couch while using his notebook .	The boy is not happy
neutral	Right leg in a brace , a miners boy lie on the couch while using his notebook .	The boy is not happy
neutral	Right leg in a brace , a juvenile boy lies on the couch while using his mobile .	The boy is not happy
neutral	A daughters wearing khakis and a red sweatshirt is jumping in the midair , while she is in the forest .	The daughter is jumping because she is happy .
neutral	A daughter wearing khakis and a red sweatshirt is jumping in the jets , while she is in the forestry .	The daughters is jumping because she is happy .
neutral	A daughters wearing khakis and a red sweatshirt is jumping in the airways , while she is in the forestry .	The girls is jumping because she is happy .
neutral	A dark headed females picking out a green flower from a hefty pail full of them .	A female chose a flowers for her mam .
neutral	A dark headed female picking out a green flowering from a immense bucket full of them .	A women selects a flower for her ma .
neutral	A dark headed female picking out a green flower from a overwhelming pail full of them .	A females selected a flower for her mama .
neutral	a mass of people searches and moving in the identical general direction .	A mass of people moving in the same direction in order to unearth the object .
neutral	a mass of people searching and moving in the same general direction .	A mass of people moving in the same direction in ordering to unearth the object .
neutral	a mass of people searching and moving in the same general direction .	A mass of people moving in the identical direction in orders to find the object .
neutral	A BMX rider is in aerial while on a filth trail .	The BMX rider is getting filth on his garment .
neutral	A BMX rider is in aircraft while on a filth trail .	The BMX rider is getting filth on his clothing .
neutral	A BMX rider is in aviation while on a dirt trail .	The BMX rider is getting dirt on his clothes .
neutral	Six mens , four with shirts and two without , have taken a break from their construction work on a building .	A construction crew is sitting and standing next to a building .
neutral	Six mens , four with shirts and two without , have taken a break from their construction work on a building .	A construction crew is sitting and standing next to a building .
neutral	Six men , four with shirts and two without , have taken a break from their construction work on a building .	A construction crew is sitting and standing next to a building .
neutral	A teenage couple sitting in a black chairs smiling .	Two teenager people are in love .
neutral	A youths couple sitting in a black chair smiling .	Two adolescents people are in love .
neutral	A minors couple sitting in a negro chairs smiling .	Two youths people are in love .
neutral	The tattooed basketball player is about to dunk the ball .	The player has a tattooing that says mommy .
neutral	The tattooed basketball player is approximately to dunk the ball .	The player has a tattoo that says mummy .
neutral	The tattooed basketball player is roughly to dunk the ball .	The player has a tattoo that says mummy .
neutral	Two construction workers are working in front of a wall which has a bunch of names carved into it .	They are working near a brick building .
neutral	Two construction workers are working in front of a wall which has a bunch of names carved into it .	They are working near a brick building .
neutral	Two construction workers are working in front of a wall which has a bunch of names carved into it .	They are working near a brick building .
neutral	A men is standing internal a building under construction filled with bricks and several tools .	a contractor looks at the job
neutral	A males is standing inland a building under construction filled with bricks and several tools .	a contractors looks at the job
neutral	A male is standing inland a building under construction filled with bricks and varied tools .	a contractor looks at the job
neutral	Two masculine play in a beautiful lake surrounded by mountains .	A couple people enjoy the water near the mountains .
neutral	Two mens play in a beautiful lake surrounded by mountains .	A couple people enjoy the water near the mountains .
neutral	Two male play in a beautiful lake surrounded by mountains .	A couple people enjoy the water near the mountains .
neutral	A brown dog is in the mid of a line of dogs chases a dirty tennis ball over filth .	The tennis ball was thrown really far .
neutral	A brown dog is in the medium of a line of dogs hunts a dirty tennis ball over dirt .	The tennis ball was thrown really far .
neutral	A brown dog is in the mid of a line of dogs hunt a dirty tennis ball over filth .	The tennis ball was thrown truly far .
neutral	Pretty spring trees are shown with a men standing with his hands on his hips , and a hefty trees trunk in the front of the picture .	A lumberjack harvesting hefty redwoods .
neutral	Pretty spring tree are shown with a mens standing with his hands on his hips , and a jumbo trees trunk in the front of the photographed .	A lumberjack harvesting hefty redwoods .
neutral	Pretty spring tree are shown with a males standing with his hands on his hips , and a heavy trees trunk in the front of the photographed .	A lumberjack harvesting gigantic redwoods .
neutral	Pretty spring trees are shown with a male standing with his hands on his hips , and a gigantic trees trunk in the front of the photographic .	A smiling male with his pink spring tree .
neutral	Pretty spring trees are shown with a males standing with his hands on his hips , and a monumental tree trunk in the front of the photographing .	A smiling masculine with his pink spring tree .
neutral	Pretty spring tree are shown with a men standing with his hands on his hips , and a overwhelming trees trunk in the front of the photographic .	A smiling male with his pink spring trees .
neutral	a boy in a red hooded top is smiling whilst search away from his reflection .	The boy does n't want to see his reflection .
neutral	a boy in a red hooded top is smiling whilst looking away from his reflection .	The boy does n't want to see his reflection .
neutral	a boy in a red hooded top is smiling whilst quest away from his reflection .	The boy does n't want to see his reflection .
neutral	A mens standing alone in a park .	a man alone in the park up to no good
neutral	A male standing alone in a park .	a males alone in the park up to no good
neutral	A man standing alone in a park .	a mens alone in the park up to no good
neutral	A persons lying in a grassy spheres near a building .	A men is outboard .
neutral	A persons lying in a grassy area near a building .	A male is outboard .
neutral	A individuals lying in a grassy areas near a building .	A masculine is outdoor .
neutral	Two small teen walk away in a field .	Two petite teenage walk towards their parents in a field .
neutral	Two small kid walk away in a field .	Two small teenage walk towards their parents in a field .
neutral	Two small adolescent walk away in a field .	Two small young walk toward their parents in a field .
neutral	A boy in red and a girl pink are walking through a low cutting field .	Kids are playing in the field .
neutral	A boy in red and a girl pink are walking through a low cutting field .	Kids are playing in the field .
neutral	A boy in red and a daughter pink are walking through a low chop field .	Kids are play in the field .
neutral	various people are motorcycle riding .	A panel of sibling are riding their mopeds to school .
neutral	varied people are motorbike riding .	A panel of brothers are riding their biking to school .
neutral	diverse people are mopeds riding .	A panel of sibling are riding their motorbikes to school .
neutral	A male with long red-hair , a brown shirt and scotch trousers sells fruit in a marketplace .	The man is intelligent
neutral	A men with long red-hair , a brown shirt and whiskey undergarments selling fruit in a marketplace .	The man is intelligent
neutral	A man with lengthy red-hair , a brown shirt and scotsman underpants selling fruit in a marketplace .	The man is intelligent
neutral	Two skateboarders , one wearing a black t-shirt and the other wearing a white t-shirt , race each other .	Skateboarders racing for funding .
neutral	Two skateboarders , one wearing a negro t-shirt and the other wearing a white t-shirt , races each other .	Skateboarders errand for monetary .
neutral	Two skateboarders , one wearing a black t-shirt and the other wearing a white t-shirt , race each other .	Skateboarders races for financial .
neutral	A smiling females and man are seated in front of a microphone in a music studio .	the females is happy .
neutral	A smiling women and mens are seated in front of a microphone in a music studio .	the women is happy .
neutral	A smiling women and men are seated in front of a mics in a music studio .	the women is happy .
neutral	A biker wearing glass and a purses rides near a fountain .	A motorcyclist is riding for a charity event through the centre of city .
neutral	A biker wearing glass and a backpack rides near a fountain .	A motorcyclist is riding for a charity events through the centre of town .
neutral	A biker wearing glass and a wallets rides near a fountain .	A motorcyclist is riding for a charity event through the centre of town .
neutral	A underage gymnast looks back at the audience , trying to catch a glimpse of her proud parents avant started her performance .	A gymnast nervously scan a crowd for her parents avant performing the routine that volition reveal she had n't been attending her lessons .
neutral	A underage gymnast looks back at the audience , trying to catch a glimpse of her proud parents prior commencement her performance .	A gymnast nervously scanning a crowd for her parents before performing the normal that volition reveal she had n't been attending her lessons .
neutral	A teens gymnast looks back at the audience , trying to catch a glimpse of her proud parents prior commence her performance .	A gymnast nervously scan a crowd for her parents before performing the normal that will reveal she had n't been attending her lessons .
neutral	A woman stands smiling while holding a stuffed cat .	A women is posing for the camera .
neutral	A females stands smiling while holding a stuffed cat .	A female is posing for the camera .
neutral	A females stands smiling while holding a stuffed cat .	A woman is posing for the camera .
neutral	A boy plays his trumpet during a performance with his band .	A great human with a hefty trumpet
neutral	A boy plays his trumpet during a performance with his band .	A great mankind with a jumbo trumpet
neutral	A boy plays his trumpet during a performance with his bands .	A great humanity with a immense trumpet
neutral	A miners with blond-hair quest out of a screen door .	A blond haired kid looks through his front gate at the mailman .
neutral	A adolescents with blond-hair quest out of a screen door .	A blond haired smaller looks through his front gate at the postman .
neutral	A young with blond-hair search out of a screen gate .	A blond haired teenaged looks through his front gate at the postman .
neutral	A fighter jet airways is landed outer Notre Dame cathedral at nightly .	The fighter airlines has no one inside of it .
neutral	A fighter jet airliner is landed outer Notre Dame cathedral at nighttime .	The fighter airlines has no one interior of it .
neutral	A fighter jet planes is landed outboard Notre Dame cathedral at overnight .	The fighter aircraft has no one indoor of it .
neutral	A mens wearing a grey ball cap walks next to a redheaded women wearing a long-sleeved blue jean shirt .	The man is colder .
neutral	A man wearing a grey ball cap walks next to a redheaded female wearing a long-sleeved blue jean shirt .	The masculine is icy .
neutral	A male wearing a gray ball ceilings walks next to a redheaded female wearing a long-sleeved blue jean shirt .	The male is cold .
neutral	A couple roughly to kissing somewhere .	A couple are kissing on novel olds eve as the ball drops .
neutral	A couple about to kiss somewhere .	A couple are kiss on newer years eve as the ball drops .
neutral	A couple roughly to kissing somewhere .	A couple are kiss on new olds eve as the ball drops .
neutral	A ballerina standing on the toes of one food with one arm up in the aviation and one leg lifted behind her .	The ballerina hates this .
neutral	A ballerina standing on the toes of one food with one arm up in the airplane and one leg hoisting behind her .	The ballerina hate this .
neutral	A ballerina standing on the toes of one food with one arm up in the air and one leg lift behind her .	The ballerina hate this .
neutral	A masculine wearing a black cap is suspended in the midair on a swing , as teenaged are swinging on a swing set .	The male in the negro hat is approximately to leap off the swing to impress the adolescent .
neutral	A males wearing a black caps is suspended in the aircraft on a swing , as kid are swinging on a swing set .	The mens in the black hat is about to jump off the swing to impress the miner .
neutral	A male wearing a black ceiling is suspended in the aeroplane on a swing , as minors are swinging on a swing set .	The man in the black hat is about to jump off the swing to impress the teenager .
neutral	A masculine is paint a town scene on a canvas in the street .	A mens is paint New York City .
neutral	A men is paint a city scene on a canvas in the street .	A male is painted New York City .
neutral	A man is painting a town scene on a canvas in the street .	A male is paintings New York City .
neutral	An senior masculine in a baseball hat and an antique females in a jean jacket are standing exterior , but are cover predominantly in shadow .	An age woman has a light jean jacket .
neutral	An seniors males in a baseball hat and an old female in a jean jacket are standing outdoor , but are covered primarily in shadow .	An senior woman has a light jean jacket .
neutral	An senior masculine in a baseball hat and an archaic women in a jean jacket are standing outer , but are cover mainly in shadow .	An archaic female has a light jean jacket .
neutral	A mens is paints a town scene on a canvas in the street .	A man is painting some dolphins .
neutral	A men is painted a town scene on a canvas in the street .	A men is painted some dolphins .
neutral	A men is painting a city scene on a canvas in the street .	A males is painting some dolphins .
neutral	A women is sitting down doing some sort of craft work while another individuals operates a jumbo wood looms device in the background .	The women sitting is asia .
neutral	A females is sitting down doing some kind of craft work while another person operates a big woods looming device in the background .	The females sitting is asian .
neutral	A female is sitting down doing some kind of craft work while another individuals operates a huge wooden looms device in the background .	The females sitting is asia .
neutral	A train conductor in coveralls is standing in the gate of the trail .	The conductor is walking in a field .
neutral	A train conductor in coveralls is standing in the door of the trail .	The conductor is walking in a field .
neutral	A train conductor in coveralls is standing in the gate of the trail .	The conductor is walking in a field .
neutral	A train conductor in coveralls is standing in the door of the trail .	A men is wearing coveralls .
neutral	A train conductor in coveralls is standing in the gate of the trail .	A masculine is wearing coveralls .
neutral	A train conductor in coveralls is standing in the door of the trail .	A males is wearing coveralls .
neutral	The dogs run a race at the track .	People are wagering on dogs at a track .
neutral	The dogs run a racing at the track .	People are wagering on dogs at a track .
neutral	The dogs run a racing at the track .	People are betting on dogs at a track .
neutral	Performer who is wearing 2 hats a disgusting mask and a negro and white gown .	The actor playing Voldemort is wearing a horrific mask and a black and white robe .
neutral	Performer who is wearing 2 hats a awful mask and a black and white robe .	The actor playing Voldemort is wearing a horrible mask and a black and white gown .
neutral	Performer who is wearing 2 hats a awful mask and a negro and white robe .	The actor playing Voldemort is wearing a horrible mask and a black and white robe .
neutral	Four entertainers dressed in Roman style garb are performing at an outdoor theatre .	Professional actors are doing summer stocks .
neutral	Four entertainers attired in Roman style frock are performing at an outdoor theater .	Professional actors are doing summer stocks .
neutral	Four entertainers clothed in Roman style garb are performing at an outdoor theaters .	Professional actors are doing summer stock .
neutral	A groups of teenage grownup with `` X '' on their hands , smiling .	They are all under 21 at a club .
neutral	A groups of teenagers adults with `` X '' on their hands , smiling .	They are all under 21 at a club .
neutral	A panels of juveniles grownup with `` X '' on their hands , smiling .	They are all under 21 at a club .
neutral	A kids white girls is standing on the street in front of a storefront , clothed up in red with a hoop decorated with cards symbols .	The adolescent white daughters is standing on a street while it 's sunny outer .
neutral	A minors white daughters is standing on the street in front of a storefront , dressed up in red with a hoop decorated with card symbols .	The youngsters white girl is standing on a street while it 's sunny outdoor .
neutral	A teenager white daughter is standing on the street in front of a storefront , dressed up in red with a hoop decorated with valentines symbols .	The kid white girls is standing on a street while it 's sunny outboard .
neutral	This off-roading driver has tipped his truck .	An off-roading truck was totalled .
neutral	This off-roading driver has tipped his truck .	An off-roading truck was totalled .
neutral	This off-roading drivers has tipped his truck .	An off-roading truck was totalled .
neutral	A man in a khaki jacket and ball caps walks down the street .	The males is walking to the supermarket .
neutral	A mens in a khaki jacket and ball cap walks down the street .	The masculine is walking to the supermarket .
neutral	A masculine in a khaki jacket and ball ceilings walks down the street .	The men is walking to the supermarket .
neutral	A speaking female at a podium has the phrase `` Armenian Genocide '' written on it , flanked by priests and males in suits .	The woman is Armenian .
neutral	A speaking female at a podium has the phrase `` Armenian Genocide '' written on it , flanked by priests and males in suits .	The women is Armenian .
neutral	A speaking women at a podium has the phrase `` Armenian Genocide '' written on it , flanked by priests and males in suits .	The women is Armenian .
neutral	People shopping for vegetables at an exterior market .	People shopping for veggies at a nice market .
neutral	People shopping for vegetables at an outdoor markets .	People shopping for veggies at a nice marketplace .
neutral	People shopping for vegetables at an outboard markets .	People shopping for veggies at a nice market .
neutral	Four adolescent young appear in this photograph wearing breeches and shirts while they lounge in the room .	Four adolescence boys wearing blue jeans and white shirts lounge in a living room .
neutral	Four adolescence youthful appear in this photo wearing underpants and shirts while they lounge in the room .	Four child boys wearing blue jeans and white shirts lounge in a living rooms .
neutral	Four teens miners appear in this photo wearing undergarments and shirts while they lounge in the rooms .	Four youth boys wearing blue jeans and white shirts lounge in a living room .
neutral	Man in chairs laughing and talking to others , while handling ledger .	Man takes librarians ledger back from clients .
neutral	Man in chair laugh and conversation to others , while handling books .	Man takes bookcase books back from customer .
neutral	Man in chairs laughing and conversation to others , while handling ledger .	Man takes librarians books back from customer .
neutral	Man in chairs laughing and conversations to others , while handling books .	Man sell books to crowd .
neutral	Man in chair laugh and conversations to others , while handling books .	Man sale books to crowd .
neutral	Man in chairs laugh and talking to others , while handling books .	Man sells books to crowd .
neutral	Motorcycle rider going over a bump .	Motorcycle rider going over a hefty bump .
neutral	Motorcycle rider going over a bump .	Motorcycle rider going over a jumbo bump .
neutral	Motorcycle rider going over a bump .	Motorcycle rider going over a enormous bump .
neutral	Two bearded males sit side by side .	Two man are sitting together at a park .
neutral	Two bearded mens sit side by side .	Two man are sitting together at a park .
neutral	Two bearded masculine sit side by side .	Two man are sitting together at a park .
neutral	Five person standing on grass next to a brick building , holding their own strings instrument .	The people are friends .
neutral	Five persons standing on grass next to a brick building , holding their own strings instrument .	The people are friends .
neutral	Five persons standing on grass next to a brick building , holding their own string instrument .	The people are friends .
neutral	The little boy is running through a grassy area .	The boy is in a park .
neutral	The petite boy is running through a grassy sphere .	The boy is in a park .
neutral	The little boy is running through a grassy zone .	The boy is in a park .
neutral	Two people bicycle on a road seperate by little mountains .	Two people are in a cycle errand .
neutral	Two people bicycle on a paths seperate by little mountains .	Two people are in a motorcycle errand .
neutral	Two people cyclist on a paths seperate by little mountains .	Two people are in a mopeds errand .
neutral	Four juveniles are sitting at a tables eating breakfast .	Children are eating cereal .
neutral	Four adolescence are sitting at a tables eating breakfast .	Children are eating cereal .
neutral	Four underage are sitting at a table eating breakfast .	Children are eating cereal .
neutral	A females wearing a white coat skis down a snow hill .	A female is snowboarding down a hill in Colorado .
neutral	A woman wearing a white coat ski down a snowy hill .	A woman is skiing down a hill in Colorado .
neutral	A female wearing a white coat skis down a snow hill .	A women is snowboarding down a hill in Colorado .
neutral	The males in the negro shirt is skateboard on the front steps of the building .	A guy is doing skateboarding tricks outboard a building to encourage a film .
neutral	The masculine in the negro shirt is skateboarding on the front steps of the building .	A guy is doing skateboarding tricks outside a building to encourages a films .
neutral	The mens in the black shirt is skateboard on the front steps of the building .	A guy is doing skateboard tricks outboard a building to promotes a film .
neutral	A dame in a white religion gown is being questioned by various people as she walks .	a princesses in white frock was there in crowd
neutral	A dame in a white religious gown is being questioned by several people as she walks .	a princess in white garb was there in crowd
neutral	A dame in a white religion robe is being questioned by diverse people as she walks .	a princess in white attire was there in crowd
neutral	A lady in pink long-sleeved blouse is holding a pink purses in her lap as she reaches something to the guy next to her .	Lady in pink reaches to shake hands with male sitting beside her .
neutral	A lady in pink long-sleeved blouse is holding a pink backpack in her lap as she reaches something to the guy next to her .	Lady in pink reaches to shake hands with mens sitting beside her .
neutral	A lady in pink long-sleeved blouse is holding a pink handbags in her lap as she reaches something to the guy next to her .	Lady in pink reaches to shake hands with males sitting beside her .
neutral	A female in a red jacket and eyeglasses smiles at the camera while another women unloads ski from a vehicle .	A tall women in a red jacket and goggles smiles at the camera
neutral	A female in a red jacket and sunglasses smiles at the camera while another women unloads skis from a motor .	A tall female in a red jacket and sunglasses smiles at the camera
neutral	A woman in a red jacket and goggles smiles at the camera while another woman unloads skis from a vehicles .	A tall women in a red jacket and spectacles smiles at the camera
neutral	Two males are wrestling ; one has the maple leaf of the Canadian flag on his uniformed .	Two male wrestle in national rivalry .
neutral	Two mens are wrestling ; one has the maple leaf of the Canadian flag on his uniforms .	Two man wrestle in national competition .
neutral	Two masculine are wrestling ; one has the maple leaf of the Canadian flag on his uniform .	Two men wrestle in national competitions .
neutral	A lady teacher warning her pupil roughly their behaviors in a museum setting , and inviting them to be quite .	A teacher is trying to have her class enjoy a field trip
neutral	A lady teachers alerts her students about their behavior in a museum setting , and invited them to be quite .	A professors is trying to have her class enjoy a field trip
neutral	A lady teacher warn her student roughly their behaviors in a museum setting , and invites them to be quite .	A teacher is trying to have her class enjoy a field trip
neutral	Blue , red , yellow , and white are the dominant colours of a photographs of two cop motors outer of what looks like a smokes roll play cars , a motorcycles in between the two automobile with 6 people in the image .	The six people are all policing .
neutral	Blue , red , yellow , and white are the dominant coloring of a photography of two policeman auto outer of what looks like a smokers roll play auto , a motorbikes in between the two automobiles with 6 people in the pictures .	The six people are all cop .
neutral	Blue , red , yellow , and white are the dominant coloring of a pictures of two cops car outdoor of what looks like a smokes roll playing automobile , a cyclist in between the two vehicles with 6 people in the picture .	The six people are all policeman .
neutral	A grouping of bathers leap into a pool .	A grouping of bathers leap into a pool during a swim meet .
neutral	A grouping of bathers jump into a pool .	A group of bathers jump into a pool during a swim meet .
neutral	A panel of swimmers leap into a pool .	A panels of swimmers leap into a pool during a swim meet .
neutral	A mens in an orange turban is standing in front of a basket containing a packaged of marlboro reds and other little objects .	A men standing with his buys of the day .
neutral	A masculine in an orange turban is standing in front of a basket containing a pack of marlboro reds and other petite objects .	A men standing with his purchases of the day .
neutral	A men in an orange turban is standing in front of a basket containing a bundles of marlboro reds and other little objects .	A male standing with his purchases of the day .
neutral	Several cadet people sitting in front of a statue .	several adolescence people sitting outside
neutral	Several cadet people sitting in front of a statue .	several teens people sitting outside
neutral	Several cadet people sitting in front of a statue .	several miners people sitting outside
neutral	The persons is fishing , with waves splashing around him .	There are lots of fishes landing on the persons 's line today .
neutral	The individuals is fishing , with waves splashing around him .	There are lots of fishes landing on the individuals 's line today .
neutral	The person is fishing , with waves splashing around him .	There are lots of fishes landing on the individuals 's line today .
neutral	Two boys with blond-hair , wearing striped shirts on a bed .	Two juveniles slumber in a bedroom .
neutral	Two boys with blond-hair , wearing striped shirts on a bed .	Two teenager slumber in a chamber .
neutral	Two boys with blond-hair , wearing striped shirts on a bed .	Two kid slept in a bedroom .
neutral	Three men attired in white shirts and white hats , -LRB- two with baseball cap , the leader with a white construction helmet -RRB- , pounding sticks on steel and plastic drumming .	Three fraternal lbs on some drums
neutral	Three mens clothed in white shirts and white hats , -LRB- two with baseball ceilings , the leader with a white construction helmet -RRB- , pounding sticks on steel and plastic drums .	Three sibling lbs on some drums
neutral	Three mens clothed in white shirts and white hats , -LRB- two with baseball cap , the leader with a white construction helmet -RRB- , pounding sticks on steel and plastic drum .	Three sibling pound on some drums
neutral	Two man in workers ' gear and colorful tricky hats standing on board what appears to be a immense exploring , next to some very jumbo machinery .	two masculine are working on machinery on the famed titanic
neutral	Two mens in workers ' gear and colorful stiff hats standing on board what appears to be a mammoth inquires , next to some very jumbo machinery .	two men are working on machinery on the famed titanic
neutral	Two mens in workers ' gear and colorful tricky hats standing on board what appears to be a big vessels , next to some very hefty machinery .	two man are working on machinery on the famed titanic
neutral	A brown-haired lady carries a reusable handbags and holds a coffee in one hand and a biscuit in the other .	A lady just exited Starbucks .
neutral	A brown-haired dame carries a reusable handbag and holds a coffee in one hand and a cookies in the other .	A dame just exited Starbucks .
neutral	A brown-haired lady carries a reusable bag and holds a coffee in one hand and a cookies in the other .	A dame just exited Starbucks .
neutral	Fans are attired in green and yellow for a major sportsmen events .	There are fans drinking beer at a sportsmen events .
neutral	Fans are attired in green and yellow for a major sporting events .	There are enthusiasts drinking beer at a sporting event .
neutral	Fans are attired in green and yellow for a important sportsman events .	There are fans drinking beer at a athlete events .
neutral	A chef is chop a piece of fish with a heads knife .	The chef is preparing sushi .
neutral	A chef is chop a piece of fishes with a heads knife .	The chef is preparing sushi .
neutral	A chef is cutting a piece of fish with a heads knife .	The chef is preparing sushi .
neutral	Several younger people sitting in front of a statue .	several kid people sitting in a school courtyard
neutral	Several cadet people sitting in front of a statue .	several youths people sitting in a school courtyard
neutral	Several younger people sitting in front of a statue .	several child people sitting in a school courtyard
neutral	A crowd of people in a stadium decked out in white , yellow and green cheer and clap for the team below .	the crowd is a mob
neutral	A crowd of people in a stadium decked out in white , yellow and green cheer and clap for the team below .	the crowd is a mob
neutral	A crowd of people in a stadium decked out in white , yellow and green cheer and clap for the team below .	the crowd is a mob
neutral	A female guitarist is play on stages .	The women is doing a solo piece at church .
neutral	A woman guitarist is playing on stage .	The female is doing a solo piece at church .
neutral	A female guitarist is play on stages .	The woman is doing a solo piece at church .
neutral	A men scales a rock climb wall .	A masculine rock climb after almost falling to his deaths .
neutral	A men scales a rock climbing wall .	A male rock climbing after almost falling to his deaths .
neutral	A masculine scales a rock climb wall .	A masculine rock climbing after almost falling to his deaths .
neutral	A family with teenager teenaged sits down outside .	A man and wife sit outside with their teenager .
neutral	A family with teenager adolescent sits down outside .	A man and wife sit outboard with their teenaged .
neutral	A family with adolescents youthful sits down outer .	A males and wife sit outdoor with their minors .
neutral	A grouping of adult stands in the bathtub search down a small underage in the bath .	The childs mama is watching her sons with her friends .
neutral	A groups of adults stands in the restrooms searching down a little adolescence in the bath .	The childs mam is watching her sons with her friends .
neutral	A grouping of adults stands in the bathroom searches down a petite adolescent in the bath .	The childs mom is watching her son with her friends .
neutral	Two policemen officer in yellow reflective jerseys are standing in a shopping sphere having a discussions .	Two cop officers in yellow reflective jerseys are standing in a busy shopping zone
neutral	Two cops officer in yellow reflective jerseys are standing in a shopping areas having a conversations .	Two cop officer in yellow reflective blazers are standing in a busy shopping zone
neutral	Two cop officers in yellow reflective blazers are standing in a shopping zone having a talking .	Two cops officers in yellow reflective jackets are standing in a busy shopping zone
neutral	Construction workers are standing upon on a woods bridges .	The men are nervous
neutral	Construction workers are standing upon on a timber bridges .	The masculine are nervous
neutral	Construction workers are standing upon on a woods bridges .	The males are nervous
neutral	A female getting her face painting for a parade .	the women is on a float
neutral	A female getting her face paintings for a parade .	the female is on a float
neutral	A woman getting her face paints for a parade .	the females is on a float
neutral	Three males dressed in suits and ties clasps their raised hands while standing in front of business logos .	The three male are wealthy businessman who owned the companies 's whose logos they are standing in front of .
neutral	Three masculine clothed in suits and ties clasps their raised hands while standing in front of company logos .	The three males are wealthy businessman who own the companies 's whose logos they are standing in front of .
neutral	Three masculine clothed in suits and ties clasps their raised hands while standing in front of ventures logos .	The three males are wealthy businessman who own the corporate 's whose logos they are standing in front of .
neutral	Three men dressed in suits and ties clasps their raised hands while standing in front of companies logos .	Three men are celebrating a ventures accomplishments .
neutral	Three masculine dressed in suits and ties clasps their raised hands while standing in front of companies logos .	Three men are celebrating a corporate accomplishments .
neutral	Three males attired in suits and ties clasps their raised hands while standing in front of businesses logos .	Three men are celebrating a companies achievement .
neutral	A males in a black jacket standing beside a green mailbox thoroughly soiled by a grouping of pigeons that are nearby .	A male is outdoors
neutral	A mens in a black jacket standing beside a green mailbox thoroughly soiled by a panel of pigeons that are vicinity .	A men is outdoors
neutral	A masculine in a black jacket standing beside a green mailbox thoroughly soiled by a group of pigeons that are vicinity .	A masculine is outdoors
neutral	A persons doing a ploy on a snowboarding .	A pro snowboarder is competing in the Olympics .
neutral	A individuals doing a trick on a snowboarding .	A pro snowboarder is compete in the Olympics .
neutral	A persons doing a ploy on a skiing .	A pro snowboarder is competing in the Olympics .
neutral	A snowboarder is grinding down a lengthy concrete rail .	A snowboarder is practise a newer trick .
neutral	A snowboarder is grinding down a long concrete rail .	A snowboarder is practice a new ploy .
neutral	A snowboarder is grinding down a long concrete rail .	A snowboarder is practice a newest trick .
neutral	A barefoot teen climbs at the jungle gym .	A barefoot miner has footwear vicinity .
neutral	A barefoot teenagers climbs at the jungle gym .	A barefoot child has shoes nearby .
neutral	A barefoot children climbs at the jungle gym .	A barefoot child has shoe vicinity .
neutral	A female and a underage daughters are sitting down and smiling .	A mummy and girl are chatting .
neutral	A females and a teenaged daughter are sitting down and smiling .	A ma and daughters are chatting .
neutral	A female and a minors daughters are sitting down and smiling .	A mothers and daughters are chatting .
neutral	A father and son are in a field of yellow flowers .	People are picking flower .
neutral	A father and son are in a field of yellow flowering .	People are picking flowers .
neutral	A fathers and sons are in a field of yellow flowering .	People are picking flowering .
neutral	A adolescence girls with sunglasses sits and holds two American flags .	A kid daughters celebrates the 4th of July by holding two flags .
neutral	A teenage daughter with spectacles sits and holds two American flags .	A smaller daughter celebrates the 4th of July by holding two flags .
neutral	A juvenile girl with eyeglasses sits and holds two American flags .	A juvenile girls celebrates the 4th of July by holding two flags .
neutral	2 women and 2 daughters crossing the road	A groups of daughter and female are laughing as they crossing the paths .
neutral	2 women and 2 girl crossed the road	A group of girls and women are laugh as they cross the route .
neutral	2 woman and 2 girls crossed the road	A grouping of girls and female are laughing as they cross the path .
neutral	A group of people are sight seeing and taking photograph .	the panels is on vacation
neutral	A group of people are sight seeing and taking photographing .	the grouping is on vacation
neutral	A panels of people are sight seeing and taking photographing .	the group is on vacation
neutral	A gentlemen standing on steps getting his photos taken by a daughter wearing a attire .	The females is taking the mens 's photograph for a magazine .
neutral	A gentleman standing on steps getting his photos taken by a daughter wearing a frock .	The woman is taking the man 's photographing for a magazine .
neutral	A gentleman standing on steps getting his photographs taken by a daughter wearing a garb .	The females is taking the man 's photographs for a magazine .
neutral	A crowd of people is searching at something exterior of a Gap store .	The crowd is all men
neutral	A crowd of people is quest at something outdoor of a Gap store .	The crowd is all men
neutral	A crowd of people is quest at something outer of a Gap boutique .	The crowd is all men
neutral	A little boy play with two rubber chickens .	The boy is outdoors .
neutral	A small boy playing with two rubber chickens .	The boy is outdoors .
neutral	A little boy playing with two rubber chickens .	The boy is outdoors .
neutral	A goofy looking females is sung on stage .	A blonde females is sung and dance on the stage .
neutral	A goofy looking women is sing on stage .	A blonde women is sings and dancing on the stage .
neutral	A goofy search women is sung on stages .	A blonde females is sings and dance on the stage .
neutral	Man in puffy yellow jacket on skis on a mountain .	The males in the yellow jacket is having fun .
neutral	Man in puffy yellow jacket on skis on a mountain .	The men in the yellow jacket is having fun .
neutral	Man in puffy yellow jacket on ski on a mountain .	The man in the yellow jacket is having fun .
neutral	A females with a black and white frock on is carry a green plastic laundry basket in front of an flat building .	The female is doing laundry .
neutral	A females with a black and white frock on is carrying a green plastic laundry basket in front of an flat building .	The females is doing laundry .
neutral	A females with a negro and white garb on is carrying a green plastic laundry basket in front of an apartment building .	The women is doing laundry .
neutral	The two dogs are play catch with a red Frisbee .	Two dogs are playing catch at the park .
neutral	The two dogs are play catch with a red Frisbee .	Two dogs are playing catch at the park .
neutral	The two dogs are play catch with a red Frisbee .	Two dogs are play catch at the park .
neutral	One tan daughter with a fleece hat is running and leaning over an object , while another individuals in a wool hat is sitting on the ground .	A mens watches his girl leap
neutral	One tan girl with a fleece hat is running and leaning over an object , while another person in a wool hat is sitting on the ground .	A man watches his girl leap
neutral	One tan girls with a wool hat is running and leaning over an object , while another persons in a fleece hat is sitting on the ground .	A mens watches his girl leap
neutral	There are varied people in a overwhelming rooms with a batch of furniture with tags on them .	Treasure hunters herd to an estate selling , with a lot of aged furniture for sells .
neutral	There are myriad people in a massive room with a batch of furniture with tags on them .	Treasure hunters flock to an estate selling , with a batch of elders furniture for sold .
neutral	There are differing people in a hefty rooms with a lot of furniture with tags on them .	Treasure hunters flock to an estate sells , with a lot of elder furniture for sell .
neutral	Four men and a adolescents boy are at a table set up for woods crafts .	The panels of man are teaching the boy how to make wood artisans .
neutral	Four males and a kids boy are at a tables set up for wooden crafts .	The groups of mens are teaching the boy how to make timber craftsmen .
neutral	Four male and a miners boy are at a tables set up for lumber artisans .	The panel of masculine are teaching the boy how to make wooden artisans .
neutral	A females attends to her laundry in a laundromat .	A females is fold her underclothes at the laundromat .
neutral	A females attends to her laundry in a laundromat .	A females is fold her breeches at the laundromat .
neutral	A women attends to her laundry in a laundromat .	A woman is folding her underpants at the laundromat .
neutral	The girls wearing a brown jacket whilst walking in snow .	The dame wearing a jacket is searches for her lost dog .
neutral	The daughter wearing a brown jacket whilst walking in snowy .	The dame wearing a jacket is quest for her lost dog .
neutral	The girl wearing a brown jacket whilst walking in snowy .	The dame wearing a jacket is quest for her lost dog .
neutral	The bears are facing each other with their mouths wide opened .	Two bears are facing each other in the lumber with their mouths openings .
neutral	The bears are facing each other with their mouths extensive opening .	Two bears are facing each other in the lumber with their mouths opens .
neutral	The bear are facing each other with their mouths broad opening .	Two bear are facing each other in the wood with their mouths openings .
neutral	A man leads the way in a errand .	The masculine is running a marathon .
neutral	A male leads the way in a errand .	The men is running a marathon .
neutral	A men leads the way in a race .	The man is running a marathon .
neutral	The teenager playing in the pool .	The minors are play Marco Polo .
neutral	The smaller play in the pool .	The adolescent are play Marco Polo .
neutral	The juvenile play in the pool .	The teen are playing Marco Polo .
neutral	A motocross rider rides in the airplane over a bar .	A motocross rider performs a ploy during a competition .
neutral	A motocross rider rides in the midair over a bar .	A motocross rider performs a ploy during a competition .
neutral	A motocross rider rides in the aeroplane over a bar .	A motocross rider performs a ploy during a competition .
neutral	A males in a negro hat , standing on the street while play an electric guitar and singing .	The men has a great sing voice .
neutral	A men in a black hat , standing on the street while playing an electric guitar and sing .	The male has a great sung voice .
neutral	A man in a black hat , standing on the street while play an electricity guitar and singing .	The men has a great sung voice .
neutral	A guy gettin lots of airplane on a skateboard at a skatepark	A guy riding a skateboarding in the rain .
neutral	A guy gettin lots of midair on a skateboarding at a skatepark	A guy riding a skateboarding in the rain .
neutral	A guy gettin lots of aircraft on a skateboarding at a skatepark	A guy riding a skateboarding in the rain .
neutral	A motorcyclist with a blue jacket , negro underclothes , and white helmet drives on dirt while people watch .	A biker is getting readies to racing against his opponents .
neutral	A motorcyclist with a blue jacket , negro pants , and white helmet drive on filth while people watch .	A motorcyclist is getting prepared to races against his opponents .
neutral	A motorcyclist with a blue jacket , black panties , and white helmet drive on filth while people watch .	A motorcyclist is getting poised to errand against his opponents .
neutral	Some outdated people are play instruments in a park .	The ancient masculine is play the guitar .
neutral	Some age people are playing instruments in a park .	The senior men is play the guitar .
neutral	Some archaic people are playing instruments in a park .	The seniors male is playing the guitar .
neutral	A juveniles is surrounded by a field of sunflowers .	A happy adolescent and some flowering .
neutral	A minor is surrounded by a field of sunflowers .	A happy smaller and some flowering .
neutral	A juvenile is surrounded by a field of sunflowers .	A happy teenagers and some flowering .
neutral	Dog yawns	A yawning dog is weary and sleepy .
neutral	Dog yawns	A yawning dog is fatigued and sleepy .
neutral	Dog yawns	A yawning dog is weary and sleepy .
neutral	A teenagers daughters is standing in a kitchen holding a green bib .	A girl just finished eating .
neutral	A youths daughters is standing in a kitchen holding a green bib .	A girl just finished eating .
neutral	A adolescents daughters is standing in a kitchen holding a green bib .	A girl just finished eating .
neutral	A navigation pear with people boarding and disembarking some surveys .	people are launching and leaving a fishing browse tour
neutral	A ship pear with people boarding and disembarking some sail .	people are commence and leaving a fishing shipping tour
neutral	A investigation pear with people boarding and disembarking some navigator .	people are starting and leaving a fishing navigate tour
neutral	Tourists waiting outside of a home to visit .	People wait for their grandma to let them in a home .
neutral	Tourists waiting outer of a home to visit .	People waiting for their grandma to letting them in a home .
neutral	Tourists waiting outboard of a home to visit .	People waiting for their grandma to letting them in a home .
neutral	A white mens in and office setting , wearing a grey frock shirt and negro frock pants with negro garb shoe is jump roping and smiling .	the male works in the office .
neutral	A white male in and office setting , wearing a grey frock shirt and negro garb trousers with black garb footwear is leap roping and smiling .	the male works in the office .
neutral	A white male in and office setting , wearing a grey dress shirt and negro dress breeches with black attire shoes is jump roping and smiling .	the male works in the office .
neutral	A male with a prosthetic leg diving for a volleyball .	The mens is playing in a tournament .
neutral	A mens with a prosthetic leg dive for a volleyball .	The masculine is playing in a tournament .
neutral	A mens with a prosthetics leg dives for a volleyball .	The male is play in a tournament .
neutral	Two females in tank tops are drinking .	Two female are on vacation getting drunk .
neutral	Two woman in tank tops are drinking .	Two woman are on vacation getting drunk .
neutral	Two women in tank tops are drinking .	Two female are on vacation getting drunken .
neutral	A crowd of people in stadium style seat appear disinterested in the venue .	A panel of people are unhappy to be at the stadium .
neutral	A crowd of people in stadium style seat appear disinterested in the venue .	A groups of people are unhappy to be at the stadium .
neutral	A crowd of people in stadium style seating appear disinterested in the venue .	A panels of people are unhappy to be at the stadium .
neutral	An archaic males with a cowboy hat , cowboy boots , and blue jeans stands next to a cabin and looks off into the distance as the sun sets in the background .	A tall persons with a hat
neutral	An ancient males with a cowboy hat , cowboy boots , and blue jeans stands next to a cabin and looks off into the distance as the sun sets in the background .	A tall individuals with a hat
neutral	An elder male with a cowboy hat , cowboy boots , and blue jeans stands next to a cabin and looks off into the distance as the sun sets in the background .	A tall persons with a hat
neutral	people are standing near water with a ships heading their direction	People are standing near water with a massive blue ships heading their direction .
neutral	people are standing near water with a browsing header their direction	People are standing near water with a hefty blue exploring header their direction .
neutral	people are standing near water with a exploring header their direction	People are standing near water with a vast blue browsing heading their direction .
neutral	A panel of minor masculine are dumping soil onto the ground of their backyard .	The juvenile mens are working to grade an area of the yard to put in a novel basketball courts .
neutral	A group of teenaged males are dumping soil onto the ground of their courtyard .	The minors males are working to grades an area of the yard to put in a novel basketball court .
neutral	A panel of adolescent man are dumping soil onto the ground of their backyard .	The juveniles men are working to grades an zone of the yard to put in a newer basketball court .
neutral	Two men are working together to hollow the barrel of its contents .	Two fishers are emptying their catch from a barrel .
neutral	Two man are working together to hollow the barrel of its contents .	Two harvester are emptying their catch from a barrel .
neutral	Two mens are working together to hollow the barrel of its contents .	Two harvester are emptying their catch from a barrel .
neutral	A men looks mysterious in a blue shirt and a red truck for a company called Wilbert .	A mens approaches a woman 's housing on companies .
neutral	A males looks mysterious in a blue shirt and a red truck for a ventures called Wilbert .	A man approaches a female 's dwelling on business .
neutral	A men looks mysterious in a blue shirt and a red truck for a business called Wilbert .	A males approaches a female 's house on corporation .
neutral	Man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	the males is a barber
neutral	Man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	the man is a barber
neutral	Man sits at the doorway of barber shop .	the man is a barber
neutral	A young man in an orange shirt , maneuvers a skateboard at the top of a ramp .	A persons rides a skateboarding well .
neutral	A young males in an orange shirt , maneuvers a skateboarding at the top of a ramp .	A individuals rides a skateboarding well .
neutral	A minors man in an orange shirt , maneuvers a skateboard at the top of a ramp .	A persons rides a skateboard well .
neutral	A boy is running in a spinning metals tunnels in the playground .	He is getting dizzy .
neutral	A boy is running in a spin metallic tunnel in the playground .	He is getting dizzy .
neutral	A boy is running in a spinning metal tunnels in the playground .	He is getting dizzy .
neutral	A boy is running in a spinning metal tunnels in the playground .	He is outdoor .
neutral	A boy is running in a spin metal tunnel in the playground .	He is outdoor .
neutral	A boy is running in a spinning metallic tunnels in the playground .	He is outboard .
neutral	Cityscape with four males on biking serving as the focal point of photographs .	Enjoy the town on foot or by bike .
neutral	Cityscape with four masculine on bicycle serving as the focal point of photographic .	Enjoy the city on footing or by bikes .
neutral	Cityscape with four males on moped serving as the focal point of photos .	Enjoy the city on feet or by cycle .
neutral	Four grownups eat while sitting on a tile floor .	Two couples eat food on a kitchen floor .
neutral	Four adult eat while sitting on a tile floor .	Two couples eat food on a kitchen floor .
neutral	Four adult eat while sitting on a tile floor .	Two couples eat food on a kitchen floor .
neutral	Cityscape with four male on cycling serving as the focal point of photos .	Bike lease as low as 9.99 an hour .
neutral	Cityscape with four men on bicycles serving as the focal point of photos .	Bike rent as low as 9.99 an hour .
neutral	Cityscape with four man on bike serving as the focal point of photos .	Bike rental as low as 9.99 an hour .
neutral	A mens and a boy behind the wheel of a autos .	The masculine behind the wheeled is teaching the boy about auto .
neutral	A males and a boy behind the wheel of a motors .	The male behind the wheeled is teaching the boy about autos .
neutral	A men and a boy behind the wheels of a vehicular .	The man behind the wheel is teaching the boy about auto .
neutral	Three Asian mens are running down a track holding hands while a monumental gathering of people watches them .	Three male are performing a ritual .
neutral	Three Asian men are running down a track holding hands while a enormous gathering of people watches them .	Three masculine are performing a rites .
neutral	Three Asian masculine are running down a track holding hands while a large gathering of people watches them .	Three man are performing a ritual .
neutral	A girl in a green coat walks down a agriculture pathway playing a flute	The flautist plays a lullaby .
neutral	A daughter in a green coat walks down a farming routing playing a flute	The flautist plays a lullaby .
neutral	A daughter in a green coat walks down a agricultural routing playing a flute	The flautist plays a lullaby .
neutral	A kid family enjoys feeling navy waves lap at their foot .	A youngsters mens and women take their underage to the beach for the first schedules .
neutral	A youths families enjoys feeling oceans waves lap at their footing .	A youth mens and women take their teenagers to the beach for the first calendar .
neutral	A children family enjoys feeling marine waves lap at their foot .	A minors masculine and woman take their child to the beach for the first calendar .
neutral	A grouping of females sport are huddled together and excited .	They are approximately to plans a scoring .
neutral	A grouping of woman athlete are huddled together and excited .	They are approximately to plans a score .
neutral	A panel of woman athletics are huddled together and excited .	They are about to plans a score .
neutral	A panel of females sportsmen are huddled together and excited .	They are huddled together because they are working together .
neutral	A groups of females sporting are huddled together and excited .	They are huddled together because they are working together .
neutral	A panel of women sport are huddled together and excited .	They are huddled together because they are working together .
neutral	A runner poses for a photographed with friends in a parking batch .	The racer just got first place .
neutral	A racer poses for a photographing with friends in a parking batch .	The racer just got first placing .
neutral	A racer poses for a pictures with friends in a parking batch .	The racer just got first placing .
neutral	A nursing is listening to another women 's heartbeat with a stethoscope .	A female getting her yearly check up .
neutral	A nurses is listening to another female 's heartbeat with a stethoscope .	A female getting her annual auditing up .
neutral	A nurse is listening to another female 's heartbeat with a stethoscope .	A female getting her annual audit up .
neutral	A boy and a woman are on top of vast rocks at sunset .	The faces of the people are visible
neutral	A boy and a females are on top of massive rocks at sunset .	The faces of the people are visible
neutral	A boy and a female are on top of gigantic rocks at sunset .	The confront of the people are visible
neutral	Two sweet young girl on ice skates , hands up and holding on to each other get readies to initiate their performance on the frosting .	The female ice skaters are competing in a tournament .
neutral	Two sweet adolescents daughter on icing skates , hands up and holding on to each other get braced to commencement their performance on the ice .	The female frosting skaters are competing in a tournament .
neutral	Two sweet children girls on frosting skates , hands up and holding on to each other get ready to commence their performance on the frosting .	The woman frosting skaters are competing in a tournament .
neutral	A white mens taking a photos in front of water .	A man is taking a marriage photographing in front of a pond .
neutral	A white male taking a photographic in front of water .	A masculine is taking a marries pictures in front of a pond .
neutral	A white men taking a photos in front of water .	A masculine is taking a matrimony picture in front of a pond .
neutral	A man in bright shirt carrying a fallen branch .	The male is cleanup up his yard after the bad thunderstorm the evening before .
neutral	A male in bright shirt carrying a fallen branch .	The masculine is cleanliness up his yard after the bad thunderstorm the evening before .
neutral	A masculine in bright shirt carry a fallen branch .	The male is cleanliness up his yard after the bad thunderstorm the evening prior .
neutral	A men wearing blue undergarments , a white helmet , and a green-striped shirt is shown on ski in air , against a blue sky with a lone puffy cloud .	The man is doing a ploy on his ski .
neutral	A male wearing blue pants , a white helmet , and a green-striped shirt is shown on skis in airlines , against a blue skies with a solitary puffy cloud .	The masculine is doing a trick on his ski .
neutral	A masculine wearing blue slacks , a white helmet , and a green-striped shirt is shown on skis in air , against a blue sky with a sole puffy cloud .	The man is doing a trick on his skis .
neutral	Picture of two male play in a band , one playing the drums and one play a xylophone type of instrument , in a dark room with two unrecognizable people watching in the background .	A band is auditioning for the owner of a nightclub .
neutral	Picture of two mens play in a bands , one playing the drumming and one play a xylophone type of instrument , in a dark rooms with two unrecognizable people watching in the background .	A band is auditioning for the landlord of a nightclub .
neutral	Picture of two masculine playing in a bands , one play the drumming and one playing a xylophone type of instrument , in a dark room with two unrecognizable people watching in the background .	A band is auditioning for the owners of a nightclub .
neutral	Very underage boy is standing outer near a water fountain that is built into the ground and is squirting water .	The water spraying on the boy .
neutral	Very kid boy is standing exterior near a water fountain that is built into the ground and is squirting water .	The water sprays on the boy .
neutral	Very miner boy is standing outside near a water fountain that is built into the ground and is squirting water .	The water spraying on the boy .
neutral	The white dog runs across the snowy .	The dog was a husky .
neutral	The white dog runs across the snow .	The dog was a husky .
neutral	The white dog runs across the snowy .	The dog was a husky .
neutral	Man in casual dark shirt and panties and hat dances with curly-haired blond females in short red attire and red high heels	Dancing is going on in a monumental rooms .
neutral	Man in occasional dark shirt and panties and hat dancing with curly-haired blond female in short red frock and red high heels	Dancing is going on in a large room .
neutral	Man in occasional dark shirt and slacks and hat dances with curly-haired blond female in short red dress and red high heels	Dancing is going on in a vast rooms .
neutral	A dog standing near snowy searches at water .	The dog is thinking about going to for a swimming .
neutral	A dog standing near snow quest at water .	The dog is thinking approximately going to for a swimming .
neutral	A dog standing near snow searching at water .	The dog is thinking approximately going to for a swim .
neutral	A man in servicemen uniformed points as three other men watch .	the man is training some guys
neutral	A man in serviceman uniform dotted as three other male watch .	the men is training some guys
neutral	A male in servicemen uniform dots as three other man watch .	the masculine is training some guys
neutral	A men in soldier uniform dotted as three other mens watch .	the mens is wearing green
neutral	A man in servicemen uniforms dotted as three other man watch .	the male is wearing green
neutral	A man in servicemen uniformed points as three other male watch .	the man is wearing green
neutral	A group of people in front of some tan colored tents from the america Parkinsons disease association .	A groups shows up to an events to support research on Parkinsons
neutral	A group of people in front of some tan colored tents from the america Parkinsons illness association .	A grouping shows up to an events to support researching on Parkinsons
neutral	A panels of people in front of some tan colored tents from the american Parkinsons illness association .	A panels shows up to an event to supporting researching on Parkinsons
neutral	A panels of people in front of some tan colored tents from the american Parkinsons diseases association .	They show up to donating and supporting for the tussle against the disease
neutral	A panel of people in front of some tan colored tents from the america Parkinsons disease association .	They show up to donate and supporting for the battling against the disease
neutral	A group of people in front of some tan colored tents from the america Parkinsons diseases association .	They show up to donating and support for the tussle against the disease
neutral	A individuals with a green bags is riding a bicycles down the routes .	The person is riding there bike to lunch .
neutral	A individuals with a green handbags is riding a bicycle down the road .	The individuals is riding there motorcycle to lunch .
neutral	A person with a green bag is riding a motorcycles down the pathway .	The persons is riding there motorcycle to lunch .
neutral	An archaic masculine leans against a pedestal outside of an ornate building .	An senior mens is leaning exterior his nurses home
neutral	An outdated masculine leans against a pedestal outer of an ornate building .	An outdated male is leaning outboard his nurses home
neutral	An senior male leans against a pedestal outdoor of an ornate building .	An outdated male is leaning outer his nurse home
neutral	A female in a blue striped shirt is conversation to someone on the street .	A female discussions to a stranger .
neutral	A females in a blue striped shirt is conversations to someone on the street .	A females conversation to a stranger .
neutral	A female in a blue striped shirt is conversations to someone on the street .	A woman conversations to a stranger .
neutral	A groups of people in jackets and hats are kneeling outdoor posing for a images , each one with their dog by them on a leash .	A panel of people are portion of a dog lover 's panels .
neutral	A group of people in jackets and hats are kneeling outer posing for a image , each one with their dog by them on a leash .	A group of people are portion of a dog lover 's group .
neutral	A grouping of people in blazers and hats are kneeling exterior posing for a picture , each one with their dog by them on a leash .	A group of people are portion of a dog lover 's groups .
neutral	Man race a quad on a filth racetrack .	A men racing on a four wheeler in a charity events .
neutral	Man race a quad on a dirt racetrack .	A male races on a four wheeler in a charity events .
neutral	Man races a quad on a filth racetrack .	A men errand on a four wheeler in a charity event .
neutral	A blond female is searches at a camera that a brunette females is holding in front of a wall with differing pieces of art on it .	A women is assists her friend take a photographic .
neutral	A blond females is searching at a camera that a brunette woman is holding in front of a wall with varying pieces of art on it .	A woman is aided her friend take a photographs .
neutral	A blond women is searches at a camera that a brunette woman is holding in front of a wall with varying pieces of art on it .	A female is helping her friend take a image .
neutral	Using a soccer ball for supporting , a minors boy in blue sits atop a park bench .	A boy is playing with other smaller .
neutral	Using a soccer ball for support , a kid boy in blue sits atop a park bench .	A boy is play with other juveniles .
neutral	Using a soccer ball for supporting , a teenage boy in blue sits atop a park bench .	A boy is play with other children .
neutral	A boy wearing a shirt with the Simpsons character , Ralph Wiggum , plays a Nintendo DS with his sister .	A boy is playing a Nintendo DS with his sister who he loves .
neutral	A boy wearing a shirt with the Simpsons character , Ralph Wiggum , plays a Nintendo DS with his sister .	A boy is playing a Nintendo DS with his sister who he loves .
neutral	A boy wearing a shirt with the Simpsons character , Ralph Wiggum , plays a Nintendo DS with his sister .	A boy is play a Nintendo DS with his sister who he loves .
neutral	The player in the white dribbles the ball , while the player in the orange tries to stop him .	The player in white and the player in orange are participating in a pick-up game of basketball at the gym .
neutral	The player in the white dribbles the ball , while the player in the orange tries to halt him .	The player in white and the player in orange are participating in a pick-up game of basketball at the gym .
neutral	The player in the white dribbles the ball , while the player in the orange tries to halting him .	The player in white and the player in orange are participating in a pick-up games of basketball at the gym .
neutral	Two man are play during a basketball games .	Two male are playing during a colleges basketball game .
neutral	Two man are playing during a basketball game .	Two mens are play during a academic basketball game .
neutral	Two males are playing during a basketball games .	Two males are play during a universities basketball games .
neutral	Two small white dogs running .	A few dogs are running to their holder .
neutral	Two small white dogs running .	A few dogs are running to their holder .
neutral	Two little white dogs running .	A few dogs are running to their owner .
neutral	Women enjoying a game of table tennis .	One women really sucks at playing ping bong .
neutral	Women enjoying a games of tables tennis .	One woman really sucks at playing ping bong .
neutral	Women enjoying a games of table tennis .	One woman really sucks at playing ping pong .
neutral	railway workers working on the tracks at nighttime	people on their last day of work
neutral	railroads workers working on the tracks at nighttime	people on their last day of work
neutral	railroad workers working on the trails at nighttime	people on their last day of work
neutral	Soccer players are playing a nighttime game and the ball is in the planes , while the two teams battling for it .	The oppose team is win the evening soccer matching .
neutral	Soccer gamers are play a overnight game and the ball is in the aviation , while the two teams struggles for it .	The oppose team is wins the evening soccer matches .
neutral	Soccer players are play a overnight games and the ball is in the airliner , while the two teams battling for it .	The opposed team is winning the evening soccer matching .
neutral	A scruffy mens is standing in front of a red shopping cart filled with boxes .	A homeless men with a shopping cart .
neutral	A scruffy male is standing in front of a red shopping cart filled with boxes .	A homeless masculine with a shopping cart .
neutral	A scruffy mens is standing in front of a red shopping cart filled with boxes .	A homeless male with a shopping cart .
neutral	A woman wearing very official colorful garments and she seems to be dancing .	A sad female wearing very official colorful clothes and she seems to be dance .
neutral	A woman wearing very formal colorful clothes and she seems to be dance .	A sad female wearing very solemnly colorful clothes and she seems to be dancing .
neutral	A females wearing very formally colorful garment and she seems to be dance .	A sad females wearing very formally colorful garment and she seems to be dances .
neutral	People standing with their cyclist .	The people are taking a break from riding their motorbikes .
neutral	People standing with their motorcycles .	The people are taking a break from riding their motorcycles .
neutral	People standing with their bikes .	The people are taking a break from riding their motorbikes .
neutral	A persons in orange garments rests above a underpass entry .	A persons is wait for a train .
neutral	A person in orange apparel rests above a underground entrance .	A person is wait for a train .
neutral	A person in orange garment rests above a subway entrance .	A person is wait for a train .
neutral	A males with spectacles wearing a tuxedo and corsage stands near a male in a suit at a formally event .	The two masculine are at a marrying .
neutral	A males with glasses wearing a tuxedo and corsage stands near a male in a suit at a official event .	The two mens are at a weddings .
neutral	A male with goggles wearing a tuxedo and corsage stands near a man in a suit at a formally event .	The two males are at a marrying .
neutral	A mens draws a caricature of a females .	A mens drawing a caricature of his wife .
neutral	A male draws a caricature of a females .	A males drawing a caricature of his wife .
neutral	A masculine draws a caricature of a females .	A men drawing a caricature of his wife .
neutral	Many roller derby gamers skate around the rink .	roller derby gamers skate around the rink at practice .
neutral	Many roller derby players skating around the rink .	roller derby players skate around the rink at practising .
neutral	Many roller derby players skate around the rink .	roller derby players skating around the rink at practicing .
neutral	People , mostly females and 2 referee , are skating fiercely during a roller derby match .	Fierce contest in the roller derby woman 's final match ensues .
neutral	People , basically women and 2 referees , are skating fiercely during a roller derby matching .	Fierce competitions in the roller derby woman 's final match ensues .
neutral	People , mainly woman and 2 referee , are skating fiercely during a roller derby matching .	Fierce contest in the roller derby women 's final matching ensues .
neutral	A daughter in a blue dress takes off her shoe and eats blue cotton candy .	The daughter is eating blue cotton candy at a carnival .
neutral	A girls in a blue dress takes off her shoes and eats blue cotton candy .	The daughter is eating blue cotton candy at a carnival .
neutral	A girl in a blue frock takes off her shoe and eats blue cotton candy .	The daughter is eating blue cotton candy at a carnival .
neutral	The number eight rollerskater is taking the lead and pulling away from her negro and red attired opponents .	A rollerskater behind the packages .
neutral	The number eight rollerskater is taking the lead and pulling away from her negro and red dressed opponents .	A rollerskater behind the packaging .
neutral	The number eight rollerskater is taking the lead and pulling away from her negro and red clothed opponents .	A rollerskater behind the bundles .
neutral	A male dressed in black and white is standing on the side of the street eating an frosting cream cone .	The males is eating chocolate ice cream .
neutral	A masculine dressed in black and white is standing on the side of the street eating an ice cream cone .	The males is eating chocolate ice cream .
neutral	A man attired in black and white is standing on the side of the street eating an frosting cream cone .	The male is eating chocolate icing cream .
neutral	A underage male in a white hat is play golf with an aged masculine wearing a blue , long-sleeved shirt and khakis .	There is an archaic masculine teaching his grandson how to playing golfer .
neutral	A minor male in a white hat is play golfer with an archaic males wearing a blue , long-sleeved shirt and khakis .	There is an antique mens teaching his grandson how to playing golfing .
neutral	A teens masculine in a white hat is play golf with an senior males wearing a blue , long-sleeved shirt and khakis .	There is an aged mens teaching his grandson how to play golfer .
neutral	A girls in a blue frock takes off her shoe and eats blue cotton candy .	The girl in a blue attire is a flowering daughters at a marry .
neutral	A girls in a blue frock takes off her shoe and eats blue cotton candy .	The daughters in a blue frock is a flower daughter at a matrimony .
neutral	A girls in a blue garb takes off her shoes and eats blue cotton candy .	The daughters in a blue dress is a flowers girl at a matrimony .
neutral	Workers are remove frosting from a walkway .	Workers remove ice from a walkway in front of a school
neutral	Workers are remove icing from a walkway .	Workers removing frosting from a walkway in front of a school
neutral	Workers are removing ice from a walkway .	Workers removing frosting from a walkway in front of a school
neutral	Two oriental seniors woman gathering rice from the fields .	Some Asian women are walking in the field of rice .
neutral	Two eastern outdated females gathering rice from the fields .	Some Asian female are walking in the field of rice .
neutral	Two oriental elderly females gathering rice from the fields .	Some Asian women are walking in the field of rice .
neutral	Two oriental ancient females gathering rice from the fields .	Two Asian women are wearing hats .
neutral	Two eastern senior woman gathering rice from the fields .	Two Asian female are wearing hats .
neutral	Two oriental elder woman gathering rice from the fields .	Two Asian women are wearing hats .
neutral	Two male spar in martial arts gear .	They are wearing all negro gear .
neutral	Two man spar in martial arts gear .	They are wearing all negro gear .
neutral	Two man spar in martial arts gear .	They are wearing all negro gear .
neutral	people standing at a beach with Cameras .	People standing at a beach being filmed by cameras .
neutral	people standing at a beach with Cameras .	People standing at a beach being filmed by cameras .
neutral	people standing at a beach with Cameras .	People standing at a beach being filmed by cameras .
neutral	people standing at a beach with Cameras .	A grouping of people standing at a beach filled with cameras .
neutral	people standing at a beach with Cameras .	A group of people standing at a beach filled with cameras .
neutral	people standing at a beach with Cameras .	A panel of people standing at a beach filled with cameras .
neutral	A male and females setup a camera .	A mens and woman prepare to record a scene
neutral	A men and females setup a camera .	A male and woman prepare to taping a scene
neutral	A men and women setup a camera .	A male and women prepare to registration a scene
neutral	Two minor are quest through a telescope on a city street , and the boy is using a step ladder to see through the eyeglass .	Two underage are testing out their newer telescope and seeing what they can see on the street .
neutral	Two miners are quest through a telescope on a city street , and the boy is using a step ladder to see through the eyeglass .	Two underage are testing out their newer telescopes and seeing what they can see on the street .
neutral	Two adolescence are looking through a telescope on a town street , and the boy is using a step ladder to see through the eyeglass .	Two youths are testing out their new telescope and seeing what they can see on the street .
neutral	Two person use a photographs kiosk	The people are together
neutral	Two persons use a photographic kiosk	The people are together
neutral	Two persons use a photos kiosk	The people are together
neutral	A adolescence minors plays on a beach next to an empty chairs .	A adolescent miner is visiting the beach with his families on their summer vacation .
neutral	A miners miners plays on a beach next to an empty chairs .	A youthful adolescents is visiting the beach with his family on their summer vacation .
neutral	A kid adolescence plays on a beach next to an hollow chairs .	A adolescents juveniles is visiting the beach with his families on their summer vacation .
neutral	A woman standing in front of a wall holding a can of Bud Light with her shirt tied into a semi-halter .	The female who is shown lives in the South .
neutral	A females standing in front of a wall holding a can of Bud Light with her shirt tied into a semi-halter .	The female who is shown lives in the South .
neutral	A females standing in front of a wall holding a can of Bud Light with her shirt tied into a semi-halter .	The women who is shown lives in the South .
neutral	A male with a tan jacket with a full grocery purses is crossing the street .	The male just went shopping at the grocery store .
neutral	A masculine with a tan jacket with a full grocery sac is crossed the street .	The mens just went shopping at the grocery boutique .
neutral	A men with a tan jacket with a full grocery wallets is crossing the street .	The male just went shopping at the grocery store .
neutral	A big crowd is gathered outside and one females is scream .	A group of protestors engages with a female inside an auditorium .
neutral	A vast crowd is gathered outer and one woman is shout .	A groups of demonstrators engages with a women inside an auditorium .
neutral	A vast crowd is gathered exterior and one women is screams .	A panel of protestors engages with a female interior an auditorium .
neutral	A gigantic crowd is gathered exterior and one women is scream .	A protests is assembling .
neutral	A monumental crowd is gathered outboard and one woman is scream .	A protests is assemble .
neutral	A heavy crowd is gathered outdoor and one females is yelling .	A protest is assembling .
neutral	Lot of people are gathered in front of a building .	People stand outer of the building , awaits the all clear after a fire drilling .
neutral	Lot of people are gathered in front of a building .	People stand outdoor of the building , await the all clear after a fire drilling .
neutral	Lot of people are gathered in front of a building .	People stand exterior of the building , awaiting the all clear after a fire drill .
neutral	An medication worker examine a kid daughter .	A health worker is assessing a daughters on her sickness .
neutral	An doctor worker ship a youth girls .	A health worker is appraisal a girl on her sickness .
neutral	An doctor worker surveys a child daughters .	A health worker is evaluation a daughter on her sickness .
neutral	A daughter in a negro sweater and jeans pours water into an hollow soda bottle .	A girl pours water into an hollow coca cola bottle
neutral	A daughter in a negro sweater and jeans pours water into an hollow soda bottle .	A daughter pours water into an empty coca cola bottle
neutral	A girl in a negro jumper and jeans pours water into an hollow soda bottle .	A daughter pours water into an empty coca cola bottle
neutral	Men are play rugby while cover in clay .	It rained recently .
neutral	Men are playing rugby while cover in mud .	It rained recently .
neutral	Men are playing rugby while covered in clay .	It rained recently .
neutral	A women in a hooded type coat is holding a golden colored ax .	A women holds a metallic axe .
neutral	A women in a hooded type coat is holding a golden colored axe .	A woman holds a metals axe .
neutral	A females in a hooded type coat is holding a golden colored ax .	A female holds a metals ax .
neutral	A roofer in a gray sweatshirt and orange hat walks on a unfinished roof at a lake-side home .	The roofer is putting on shingles .
neutral	A roofer in a gray sweatshirt and orange hat walks on a unfinished roof at a lake-side home .	The roofer is putting on shingles .
neutral	A roofer in a gray sweatshirt and orange hat walks on a unfinished roof at a lake-side home .	The roofer is putting on shingles .
neutral	Man jumping up in the air and splitting his legs with his mouth opens .	A men is performing in front of a crowd .
neutral	Man jumping up in the airline and dividing his legs with his mouth openings .	A masculine is performing in front of a crowd .
neutral	Man jumping up in the aerial and divided his legs with his mouth opens .	A masculine is performing in front of a crowd .
neutral	Women waiting under their umbrellas for clients at a fresh food market .	It is raining outside .
neutral	Women waiting under their umbrellas for customers at a fresh food marketplace .	It is raining exterior .
neutral	Women wait under their umbrellas for clients at a fresh food markets .	It is raining outdoor .
neutral	Construction worker quest over the job site .	This worker is in charges of everyone
neutral	Construction worker searches over the job site .	This worker is in charge of everyone
neutral	Construction worker searches over the job site .	This worker is in charges of everyone
neutral	A basketball player with green shoes is dunking the ball in the netted while the arena crowd looks on .	A famous NBA player is play street ball in front of a crowd .
neutral	A basketball player with green shoe is dunking the ball in the net while the arena crowd looks on .	A famous NBA player is playing street ball in front of a crowd .
neutral	A basketball player with green footwear is dunking the ball in the net while the arena crowd looks on .	A famous NBA player is play street ball in front of a crowd .
neutral	Two people are sitting on a rock searching off into the distance .	Two people are out searching for a good camping spot .
neutral	Two people are sitting on a rock search off into the distance .	Two people are out search for a good campground spot .
neutral	Two people are sitting on a rock searches off into the distance .	Two people are out searches for a good campsite spot .
neutral	Woman smiling while holding a book and yellow paper star .	the woman reading book in the hall
neutral	Woman smiling while holding a book and yellow paper star .	the woman reading book in the hall
neutral	Woman smiling while holding a book and yellow paper star .	the female reading book in the hall
neutral	Woman smiling while holding a book and yellow paper star .	the woman holding book with smiling in the home
neutral	Woman smiling while holding a book and yellow paper star .	the women holding book with smiling in the home
neutral	Woman smiling while holding a book and yellow paper star .	the female holding book with smiling in the home
neutral	A juveniles daughter wearing a red shirt and chaps smiling and holding a small toy is standing in front of a panel of youthful play behind her .	The girls is smiling because she is having fun .
neutral	A adolescents girl wearing a red shirt and chap smiling and holding a small toy is standing in front of a groups of youths play behind her .	The girl is smiling because she is having fun .
neutral	A youngsters daughters wearing a red shirt and ceiling smiling and holding a petite toy is standing in front of a group of teens play behind her .	The daughter is smiling because she is having fun .
neutral	A shirtless males is paintings over a graffiti filled wall with a paintings roller .	A shirtless male painted a wall red .
neutral	A shirtless men is painting over a graffiti filled wall with a painted roller .	A shirtless men paintings a wall red .
neutral	A shirtless men is painted over a graffiti filled wall with a paint roller .	A shirtless masculine painting a wall red .
neutral	A male on a motorcycle , wearing motorbikes gear , riding at a fast past down paved trail surrounded by trees 's and grass .	The men is riding on the sidewalk .
neutral	A male on a cycling , wearing bikes gear , riding at a rapidly past down paved trail surrounded by tree 's and grass .	The males is riding on the sidewalk .
neutral	A masculine on a cyclist , wearing bicycling gear , riding at a rapids past down paved trail surrounded by trees 's and grass .	The man is riding on the pavement .
neutral	A masculine on a motorbike , wearing bikes gear , riding at a rapids past down paved trail surrounded by tree 's and grass .	He is heading to the cabin down the trail .
neutral	A mens on a cycling , wearing cycling gear , riding at a rapid past down paved trail surrounded by trees 's and grass .	He is header to the cabin down the trail .
neutral	A males on a bicycling , wearing moped gear , riding at a rapid past down paved trail surrounded by tree 's and grass .	He is heading to the cabin down the trail .
neutral	A frowning older mens in a serviceman chap and a civilian suit stands amongst a crowd of people outdoors carrying signs and balloons .	An angry serviceman veteran watches as people protests the war .
neutral	A frowning antiquated males in a servicemen caps and a civilian suit stands amongst a crowd of people outdoors carry signs and balloons .	An angry soldier veteran clocks as people protest the war .
neutral	A frowning elders man in a military cap and a civilian suit stands amongst a crowd of people outdoors carry signs and balloons .	An angry serviceman veteran watches as people protest the war .
neutral	A men with a paddling stands next to a females with a bikini top ; and her gunpoint are in a dances pose .	a guy paddles for his wife
neutral	A mens with a paddle stands next to a female with a bikini top ; and her firearm are in a dance pose .	a guy paddles for his wife
neutral	A males with a paddle stands next to a female with a bikini top ; and her pistols are in a dance pose .	a guy paddles for his wife
neutral	Asian person are taking pictures of some anonymous thing .	Asians spot what they think is a UFO and take photo .
neutral	Asian individuals are taking photographic of some anonymous thing .	Asians spot what they think is a UFO and take images .
neutral	Asian person are taking photos of some anonymous thing .	Asians spot what they think is a UFO and take photographed .
neutral	A group of juveniles adult are standing on a street in front of a brick wall with a tall wooden gate .	A group of friends poses for a pictures in front of a brick wall .
neutral	A panels of young adults are standing on a street in front of a brick wall with a tall wooden door .	A groups of friends poses for a images in front of a brick wall .
neutral	A groups of miner adults are standing on a street in front of a brick wall with a tall timber door .	A group of friends poses for a photograph in front of a brick wall .
neutral	A men , wearing a chap , is pushing a cart , on which large display boards are preserved , on a paths .	The person is stealing display boards .
neutral	A masculine , wearing a ceiling , is pushing a cart , on which jumbo display boards are maintained , on a road .	The persons is stolen display boards .
neutral	A masculine , wearing a chap , is pushing a cart , on which immense display boards are kept , on a route .	The person is shoplift display boards .
neutral	A yellow races autos sliding through a corner as spectators watch .	A Nascar is being watched .
neutral	A yellow races car sliding through a nook as spectators watch .	A Nascar is being watched .
neutral	A yellow race auto sliding through a nook as spectators watch .	A Nascar is being watched .
neutral	A male and a females running in the street .	The male and woman are running in a marathon .
neutral	A male and a females running in the street .	The mens and female are running in a marathon .
neutral	A male and a women running in the street .	The man and women are running in a marathon .
neutral	A woman with a wallets is sitting amongst three people who are reading ledger .	The female is in a library .
neutral	A females with a bag is sitting amongst three people who are reading ledger .	The women is in a library .
neutral	A female with a handbags is sitting amongst three people who are reading ledger .	The woman is in a librarian .
neutral	A researcher ship a slide in orders to work on her novel creation .	A female standing near a microscope .
neutral	A researchers browsing a slide in order to work on her newest creation .	A women standing near a microscope .
neutral	A investigator navigation a slide in ordering to work on her newer creation .	A female standing near a microscope .
neutral	A little quaint city all lit up during the holiday season .	The city has snow on the ground .
neutral	A small quaint city all illuminated up during the holiday season .	The city has snowy on the ground .
neutral	A little quaint city all lighted up during the holiday season .	The city has snowy on the ground .
neutral	A persons attired in a jacket and lengthy underclothes walks down a snow-covered street in a petite town .	The underclothes are new .
neutral	A individuals dressed in a jacket and long trousers walks down a snow-covered street in a little city .	The undergarments are newest .
neutral	A individuals attired in a jacket and long undergarments walks down a snow-covered street in a little town .	The breeches are newer .
neutral	A females wearing biking shorts and a skirt is riding a motorcycles and carrying a shoulder bag .	A female riding a bicycling to work .
neutral	A female wearing bicycle shorts and a skirt is riding a mopeds and carrying a shoulder purses .	A female riding a bicycles to work .
neutral	A female wearing cyclist shorts and a skirt is riding a bicycles and carrying a shoulder handbags .	A female riding a bicycling to work .
neutral	A pupils in a green shirt is write in a laptops .	A student navigate for a heavy exam
neutral	A schoolboys in a green shirt is write in a notepad .	A pupil investigating for a massive exam
neutral	A schoolchildren in a green shirt is writing in a mobile .	A students studying for a heavy exam
neutral	A mountainous photo is completes with a blue sky .	There is a photograph of Mt Everest .
neutral	A mountainous images is complete with a blue sky .	There is a photographer of Mt Everest .
neutral	A hilly photograph is finishes with a blue sky .	There is a photo of Mt Everest .
neutral	Young boy plays with a truck outdoors , while a females waits .	Young boy has multiple toy trucks
neutral	Young boy plays with a truck outdoors , while a female waits .	Young boy has multiple toy trucks
neutral	Young boy plays with a truck outdoors , while a females waits .	Young boy has various toy trucks
neutral	A masculine in a purple mascot costume is standing outer of a store while a male and a women each wearing flamboyant garment stand off to the side .	The costume is promote the men 's work .
neutral	A males in a purple mascot costume is standing outboard of a store while a males and a females each wearing flamboyant clothes stand off to the side .	The costume is promotes the men 's work .
neutral	A masculine in a purple mascot costume is standing outside of a boutique while a men and a women each wearing flamboyant garment stand off to the side .	The costume is encouragement the man 's work .
neutral	A persons in a immense pink triangle-shaped costume waves as a males and a woman dressed in matches brightly-colored striped and polka-dotted outfits smile back .	The person is marching in a parade .
neutral	A individuals in a heavy pink triangle-shaped costume waves as a males and a female attired in matches brightly-colored striped and polka-dotted outfits smile back .	The persons is marching in a parade .
neutral	A individuals in a large pink triangle-shaped costume waves as a men and a female clothed in matching brightly-colored striped and polka-dotted outfits smile back .	The persons is marching in a parade .
neutral	Three males on mountain bikes go over a sand hill .	Men on motorcycle go over a sand hill to get to the complete line .
neutral	Three male on mountain motorbikes go over a sand hill .	Men on motorbike go over a sand hill to get to the completing line .
neutral	Three men on mountain biking go over a sand hill .	Men on bike go over a sand hill to get to the completing line .
neutral	A mens and woman in solemnly garb are standing in a high grass meadow , posing for the photographed , and she has two of her fingers up on one hand behind his head .	A couple enjoying some alone timetable .
neutral	A men and females in formally attire are standing in a high grass meadow , posing for the picture , and she has two of her fingers up on one hand behind his head .	A couple enjoying some alone hourly .
neutral	A masculine and females in formally garb are standing in a high grass meadow , posing for the picture , and she has two of her fingers up on one hand behind his head .	A couple enjoying some alone times .
neutral	A males and females in formal dress are standing in a high grass meadow , posing for the photographed , and she has two of her fingers up on one hand behind his head .	A couple are having their weddings photographs taken .
neutral	A masculine and female in official garb are standing in a high grass meadow , posing for the picture , and she has two of her fingers up on one hand behind his head .	A couple are having their marriage photographs taken .
neutral	A males and female in officially frock are standing in a high grass meadow , posing for the picture , and she has two of her fingers up on one hand behind his head .	A couple are having their wedding pictures taken .
neutral	Four males are posing behind a finance record .	The men all know each other .
neutral	Four masculine are posing behind a funding record .	The males all know each other .
neutral	Four males are posing behind a finance register .	The male all know each other .
neutral	an Asian females dancing with long ribbons , she is middle jump with her legs pointed to the rights and the red ribbons flowing on either side of her	An Asian woman is dancing sexily .
neutral	an Asian female dancing with long ribbons , she is media jump with her legs pointed to the right and the red ribbons flowing on either side of her	An Asian women is dancing sexily .
neutral	an Asian female dancing with long ribbons , she is medium leap with her legs pointed to the right and the red ribbons flowing on either side of her	An Asian woman is dance sexily .
neutral	A vast black poodle running on the grass with a toy in its mouth .	A dog returning a toy to its owners .
neutral	A mammoth negro poodle running on the grass with a toy in its mouth .	A dog comeback a toy to its homeowner .
neutral	A massive negro poodle running on the grass with a toy in its mouth .	A dog returned a toy to its holders .
neutral	A minors boy in a cowboy hat rides a monumental equestrian .	A boy is pretending to be a cowboy .
neutral	A young boy in a cowboy hat rides a large equestrian .	A boy is pretending to be a cowboy .
neutral	A teenagers boy in a cowboy hat rides a massive horse .	A boy is pretending to be a cowboy .
neutral	A masculine wearing his traditional racist sportswear laughs as he opinion a show .	A masculine is laughing as he watches a show in a theater .
neutral	A mens wearing his classical ethnic clothes laughs as he opinion a show .	A men is laughing as he clocks a show in a theatre .
neutral	A masculine wearing his classical racial clothes laughs as he views a show .	A man is laughing as he clocks a show in a theatre .
neutral	A man stands on a wharf near many navigator , while 2 other men are on one of the explore .	A masculine with brown hairstyle is standing on a wharf .
neutral	A masculine stands on a wharf near many ship , while 2 other males are on one of the vessel .	A men with brown hairstyle is standing on a dock .
neutral	A men stands on a dock near assorted browse , while 2 other man are on one of the sailing .	A mens with brown hairdo is standing on a wharf .
neutral	A masculine wearing a blue shirt and earphones around his neck raises his arm .	A male is raising his arm to get someones attention .
neutral	A males wearing a blue shirt and earphones around his neck raises his arm .	A male is raising his arm to get someones attention .
neutral	A males wearing a blue shirt and headphones around his neck raises his arm .	A mens is raising his arm to get someones attention .
neutral	A skateboarding teenaged does a trick on a rail .	A youth boy showing his newer skateboarding tricks to his friends .
neutral	A skateboard underage does a ploy on a rail .	A young boy showing his newer skateboarding tricks to his friends .
neutral	A skateboarding teenagers does a ploy on a rail .	A youth boy showing his newer skateboard tricks to his friends .
neutral	A men rides a black cycle while wearing a helmet and a van rides beside him in the distance .	A males rides a black motorcycles while wearing a helmet and a pizza delivery van rides beside him in the distance .
neutral	A male rides a black motorcycles while wearing a helmet and a van rides beside him in the distance .	A masculine rides a black motorcycle while wearing a helmet and a pizza delivery van rides beside him in the distance .
neutral	A men rides a black cycling while wearing a helmet and a van rides beside him in the distance .	A male rides a black bicycles while wearing a helmet and a pizza delivery van rides beside him in the distance .
neutral	A red truck is parked next to a combustion blue building while a man in a green vest runs towards it .	The burns blue building volition turn to dust after an hour .
neutral	A red truck is parked next to a burning blue building while a males in a green vest runs towards it .	The burning blue building will turning to dust after an hour .
neutral	A red truck is parked next to a burns blue building while a mens in a green vest runs toward it .	The burning blue building will turning to dust after an hour .
neutral	A red truck is parked next to a burns blue building while a man in a green vest runs toward it .	The red truck is a fire truck .
neutral	A red truck is parked next to a burns blue building while a male in a green vest runs towards it .	The red truck is a fire truck .
neutral	A red truck is parked next to a burns blue building while a man in a green vest runs towards it .	The red truck is a fire truck .
neutral	Two tummy dancers perform with each other in the streets while passersby look on and watch the display .	Two dancers are making money
neutral	Two belly dancers perform with each other in the streets while passersby look on and watch the display .	Two dancers are making money
neutral	Two abdomen dancers perform with each other in the streets while passersby look on and watch the display .	Two dancers are making money
neutral	A dame in a red shirt and bikini bottoms is approximately to go surfer on a blue board in the marine .	A woman is a good surf .
neutral	A lady in a red shirt and bikini bottoms is about to go surfing on a blue board in the marine .	A female is a good surfing .
neutral	A dame in a red shirt and bikini bottoms is about to go surfing on a blue board in the oceanic .	A woman is a good surf .
neutral	A guy wearing jeans and a hat is crouching on a handrail with a concrete embankment located in front of him .	He is wearing a button-up shirt .
neutral	A guy wearing jeans and a hat is crouching on a handrail with a concrete embankment located in front of him .	He is wearing a button-up shirt .
neutral	A guy wearing jeans and a hat is crouching on a handrail with a concrete embankment located in front of him .	He is wearing a button-up shirt .
neutral	A female looks at a plate filled with steam .	The women is cooks something exciting .
neutral	A female looks at a plate filled with vapor .	The female is cook something exciting .
neutral	A female looks at a plate filled with steamed .	The woman is cooking something exciting .
neutral	A woman looks at a plate filled with steam .	The female is in a kitchen .
neutral	A women looks at a plate filled with vapor .	The females is in a kitchen .
neutral	A female looks at a plate filled with steam .	The woman is in a kitchen .
neutral	A panels of minors in African garment .	Some humans in green clothing
neutral	A group of teens in African clothes .	Some humans in green clothing
neutral	A panel of teenage in African garments .	Some humans in green clothing
neutral	a soccer player with black and red striped uniform gets ready to kick the soccer ball	a soccer player gets ready to kick the ball after a penalty .
neutral	a soccer player with black and red striped standardized gets prepared to kick the soccer ball	a soccer player gets poised to kick the ball after a penalty .
neutral	a soccer player with black and red striped uniformed gets braced to kick the soccer ball	a soccer player gets readies to kick the ball after a penalty .
neutral	A male wearing a hat and boots is dig for something in the snowy .	A men is trying to get to something by excavation .
neutral	A male wearing a hat and boots is dig for something in the snowy .	A mens is trying to get to something by digging .
neutral	A males wearing a hat and boots is dig for something in the snow .	A males is trying to get to something by excavation .
neutral	A guy in a blue shirt chases a guy in an orange shirt during a games of flag football .	Two people are play flag football at the park .
neutral	A guy in a blue shirt chases a guy in an orange shirt during a games of flag football .	Two people are playing flag football at the park .
neutral	A guy in a blue shirt hunt a guy in an orange shirt during a games of flag football .	Two people are play flag football at the park .
neutral	Indian musicians play in the evening on a pillow , while lifetime behind them continues .	The musicians are care free .
neutral	Indian musicians play in the evening on a pillow , while vie behind them continues .	The musicians are care free .
neutral	Indian musicians play in the evening on a pillow , while vie behind them continues .	The musicians are caring free .
neutral	Indian musicians playing in the evening on a pillow , while vie behind them continues .	Musicians are passionate about music .
neutral	Indian musicians playing in the evening on a pillow , while lifetime behind them continues .	Musicians are passionate approximately music .
neutral	Indian musicians play in the evening on a pillow , while vie behind them continues .	Musicians are passionate roughly music .
neutral	A groups of people in a rooms , most with computer , some raising their hands .	The group is in a classroom .
neutral	A panels of people in a room , most with computers , some raising their hands .	The groups is in a classroom .
neutral	A grouping of people in a room , most with computers , some raising their hands .	The group is in a classroom .
neutral	A panel of people in a rooms , most with computers , some raising their hands .	Some people have questions .
neutral	A grouping of people in a room , most with computer , some raising their hands .	Some people have questions .
neutral	A grouping of people in a room , most with computers , some raising their hands .	Some people have questions .
neutral	A panels of people are walking by a van .	People getting poised to enter a motor .
neutral	A panel of people are walking by a van .	People getting poised to enter a vehicular .
neutral	A panel of people are walking by a van .	People getting braced to enter a motors .
neutral	Girl in a red coat , blue head wrap and jeans is making a snowy angels .	A girls in a red coat makes a snow angels for the first timetable .
neutral	Girl in a red coat , blue head wrap and jeans is making a snow angel .	A girl in a red coat makes a snow angel for the first time .
neutral	Girl in a red coat , blue head wrap and jeans is making a snow angels .	A girl in a red coat makes a snowy angels for the first calendar .
neutral	A man in a red shirt and a blue hat is sitting on a pavement and touching drinking goggles .	a males sips whisky
neutral	A man in a red shirt and a blue hat is sitting on a pavement and touching drinking eyeglasses .	a mens sips whisky
neutral	A men in a red shirt and a blue hat is sitting on a sidewalk and touch drinking sunglasses .	a mens sips whisky
neutral	A women in a striped shirt holds an newborn .	A woman holds her baby .
neutral	A woman in a striped shirt holds an newborns .	A women holds her baby .
neutral	A woman in a striped shirt holds an newborns .	A women holds her baby .
neutral	A woman in a striped shirt holds an newborns .	A person is watching TV .
neutral	A woman in a striped shirt holds an infant .	A individuals is watching TV .
neutral	A woman in a striped shirt holds an newborn .	A person is watching TV .
neutral	a males play guitar and signing next to a woman in a attire play an instrument	A male and woman collected finance for playing .
neutral	a male playing guitar and signature next to a woman in a frock play an instrument	A man and female collects money for play .
neutral	a man play guitar and signature next to a females in a garb playing an instrument	A males and female collected funds for play .
neutral	Two adolescence musicians play from a stage .	The two musicians are playing the trumpet
neutral	Two teens musicians play from a stage .	The two musicians are playing the trumpet
neutral	Two minor musicians play from a stages .	The two musicians are playing the trumpet
neutral	A female is holding her child while a male is reading something from a piece of paper and taking something from a bowl that a cadet girls is holding in a park with a petite lake in the background .	The people are on a families picnic .
neutral	A woman is holding her youth while a masculine is reading something from a piece of paper and taking something from a bowl that a younger daughter is holding in a park with a small lake in the background .	The people are on a families picnic .
neutral	A female is holding her youngsters while a men is reading something from a piece of paper and taking something from a bowl that a cadet girls is holding in a park with a petite lake in the background .	The people are on a families picnic .
neutral	A daughter with short hair and a white shirt is holding a beer bottle	The daughters has just got down drinking the entire bottle .
neutral	A girls with short hair and a white shirt is holding a beer bottle	The daughters has just got down drinking the entire bottle .
neutral	A girls with short hair and a white shirt is holding a beer bottle	The daughters has just got down drinking the entire bottle .
neutral	Mother and daughters are meeting for the first timing .	The mom and girl are meetings over lunch .
neutral	Mother and girls are meeting for the first times .	The momma and girls are meetings over lunch .
neutral	Mother and daughters are meetings for the first timetable .	The momma and daughters are meeting over lunch .
neutral	A team of surgeon operate on a females patient .	The woman has cancer .
neutral	A team of surgeons operate on a woman patients .	The females has cancer .
neutral	A team of surgeons operate on a females patient .	The female has cancer .
neutral	A females with red-hair and mammoth tattoo is sitting in a chairs outboard .	A dame is sitting at a table outside
neutral	A women with red-hair and mammoth tattoo is sitting in a chair outer .	A lady is sitting at a table outside
neutral	A women with red-hair and jumbo tattoo is sitting in a chair exterior .	A dame is sitting at a table outside
neutral	Several member of a community are celebrating with music and costumes during a festival or parties .	The people are celebrating New Years Eve .
neutral	Several members of a community are celebrating with music and costumes during a festival or parties .	The people are celebrating New Years Eve .
neutral	Several members of a community are celebrating with music and costumes during a festival or parties .	The people are celebrating New Years Eve .
neutral	Three juveniles man wearing backpacks , shorts , t-shirts , sandals and hats are standing together on a sandy surfaces with palm tree in the distance .	Three youngsters people are putting on tanning location while standing on the beach together .
neutral	Three teen man wearing backpacks , shorts , t-shirts , sandals and hats are standing together on a sandy surface with palm trees in the distance .	Three smaller people are putting on suntan location while standing on the beach together .
neutral	Three miners masculine wearing backpacks , shorts , t-shirts , sandals and hats are standing together on a sandy surfaces with palm tree in the distance .	Three teenage people are putting on tanning location while standing on the beach together .
neutral	Man and woman rowing on surfboards third rower in distance .	Couple go out for their first surfing session as a couple .
neutral	Man and females rowing on surfboards thirds rower in distance .	Couple go out for their first surf session as a couple .
neutral	Man and females rowing on surfboards thirds rower in distance .	Couple go out for their first surfer session as a couple .
neutral	A group of people gathered at nighttime watching an event .	A panel of humans are search at the same direction .
neutral	A group of people gathered at overnight watching an events .	A group of humans are quest at the same direction .
neutral	A grouping of people gathered at night watching an event .	A grouping of humans are search at the identical direction .
neutral	A teen slides down a yellow slide into a swim pool .	The adolescents is play at the waterpark .
neutral	A adolescent slides down a yellow slide into a swimming pool .	The adolescent is play at the waterpark .
neutral	A child slides down a yellow slide into a swim pool .	The minor is play at the waterpark .
neutral	A groups of people gathered at night watching an events .	A group of friends are watching the music concert at night .
neutral	A grouping of people gathered at night watching an event .	A group of friends are watching the music concert at night .
neutral	A panel of people gathered at overnight watching an events .	A panels of friends are watching the music concert at nightly .
neutral	a youngsters daughter quest down through some leaves from atop a trees .	The daughter is play concealing and seek .
neutral	a miner girl search down through some leaves from atop a tree .	The daughters is playing secret and seek .
neutral	a teenagers girls search down through some leaves from atop a trees .	The girl is play disguised and seek .
neutral	A males in glasses and an orange shirt is sitting exterior next to a tables with drinks on it .	A masculine sits near a tables with his drinks
neutral	A man in spectacles and an orange shirt is sitting exterior next to a tables with beverages on it .	A mens sits near a tables with his drinks
neutral	A males in glasses and an orange shirt is sitting outside next to a table with beverages on it .	A males sits near a table with his drinks
neutral	A grouping of teens divided into a maroon team and a blue team playing a soccer games .	Some minor are play soccer by a school .
neutral	A panels of juveniles splits into a maroon team and a blue team playing a soccer games .	Some kid are play soccer by a school .
neutral	A panel of smaller division into a maroon team and a blue team play a soccer game .	Some minors are playing soccer by a school .
neutral	There are two kilted mens , one of them elder and is holding bagpipes with the other one with a drums .	Two man are friends
neutral	There are two kilted masculine , one of them old and is holding bagpipes with the other one with a drumming .	Two males are friends
neutral	There are two kilted mens , one of them antique and is holding bagpipes with the other one with a drum .	Two masculine are friends
neutral	A thin brunette female lounges while reading on a rooftop overlooking a cityscape .	A women is enjoying the outside weather
neutral	A thin brunette woman lounges while reading on a rooftop overlooking a cityscape .	A women is enjoying the outside weather
neutral	A thin brunette woman lounges while reading on a rooftop overlooking a cityscape .	A woman is enjoying the outboard weather
neutral	there are 5 people on a stages without their face showing behind a red curtain	The people are waiting for their performance to begins .
neutral	there are 5 people on a stage without their face showing behind a red curtain	The people are waiting for their performance to beginning .
neutral	there are 5 people on a stage without their face showing behind a red curtain	The people are waiting for their performance to begin .
neutral	Five people standing on a stages , getting braced to perform , who are unrecognizable due to the shortage of lighting .	The audience watches as the actors in the dim haze , ready their lines for the first scene .
neutral	Five people standing on a stages , getting ready to perform , who are unrecognizable due to the shortage of lights .	The audience watches as the actors in the dim haze , braced their lines for the first scene .
neutral	Five people standing on a stages , getting ready to perform , who are unrecognizable due to the lack of illumination .	The audience watches as the actors in the dim haze , braced their lines for the first scene .
neutral	Five people standing on a stage , getting poised to perform , who are unrecognizable due to the lacks of lights .	At a rock concert , the audience scream and cries at the handsome singer and his bass guitarist .
neutral	Five people standing on a stages , getting ready to perform , who are unrecognizable due to the lack of illumination .	At a rock concert , the audience yell and cries at the handsome singer and his bass guitarist .
neutral	Five people standing on a stage , getting braced to perform , who are unrecognizable due to the lacks of illumination .	At a rock concert , the audience screams and cries at the handsome singer and his bass guitarist .
neutral	A couple walk hand in hand down a street .	The couple is weddings .
neutral	A couple walk hand in hand down a street .	The couple is marries .
neutral	A couple walk hand in hand down a street .	The couple is marries .
neutral	A mens with skis pole and a mammoth campground purse treks through the snow .	A camper with ski poles walks toward his campsite .
neutral	A masculine with skis poles and a mammoth campground purses treks through the snowy .	A camper with ski poles walks toward his campsite .
neutral	A men with skis poles and a huge camping knapsack treks through the snow .	A camper with ski poles walks toward his campground .
neutral	A hockey player in blue and red guarding the purpose .	a hockey goalkeeper earns his keep
neutral	A hockey player in blue and red guards the aims .	a hockey goalkeeper earns his keep
neutral	A hockey player in blue and red guard the intent .	a hockey goalkeeper earns his keep
neutral	A woman wearing a yellow tank top and white pants quest into a window on a city street .	A woman wearing a yellow tank top and white breeches is looking at her neighbor below her window .
neutral	A female wearing a yellow tank top and white trousers search into a window on a town street .	A female wearing a yellow tank top and white slacks is searches at her neighbor below her window .
neutral	A female wearing a yellow tank top and white pants searching into a window on a city street .	A female wearing a yellow tank top and white trousers is searching at her neighbors below her window .
neutral	A individuals with blue hair , a baseball ceilings , and a hood on stands outdoors in a crowd .	A persons is enjoying a athletics events .
neutral	A person with blue hairstyle , a baseball ceiling , and a hood on stands outdoors in a crowd .	A persons is enjoying a athletic event .
neutral	A individuals with blue hairdo , a baseball ceiling , and a hood on stands outdoors in a crowd .	A persons is enjoying a sportsmen event .
neutral	People searches at a tiny dog sitting on a pavement .	Tall humans quest .
neutral	People searching at a tiny dog sitting on a sidewalk .	Tall humans searching .
neutral	People search at a tiny dog sitting on a pavement .	Tall humans looking .
neutral	It is a march of people of varied backgrounds all walking and one guy in a green shirt holds a flag .	A masculine holds a overwhelming flag .
neutral	It is a march of people of diverse backgrounds all walking and one guy in a green shirt holds a flag .	A mens holds a huge flag .
neutral	It is a march of people of myriad backgrounds all walking and one guy in a green shirt holds a flag .	A mens holds a monumental flag .
neutral	Two filth motorbikes riders , one wearing green and the other wearing blue and white , are jumping a hill .	Two dirt motorcycles riders are outside
neutral	Two dirt cycle riders , one wearing green and the other wearing blue and white , are jumping a hill .	Two dirt mopeds riders are outside
neutral	Two dirt cycling riders , one wearing green and the other wearing blue and white , are jumping a hill .	Two dirt cyclist riders are outside
neutral	Two filth bike riders , one wearing green and the other wearing blue and white , are jumping a hill .	Two filth biking riders are practise newest tricks
neutral	Two dirt cycle riders , one wearing green and the other wearing blue and white , are jumping a hill .	Two dirt motorcycles riders are practising newer tricks
neutral	Two dirt cyclist riders , one wearing green and the other wearing blue and white , are jumping a hill .	Two dirt bikes riders are practising novel tricks
neutral	A snowboarder making a large leap doing a ploy on a high mountain .	A snowboarder lands a trick during a contest .
neutral	A snowboarder making a massive leap doing a ploy on a high mountain .	A snowboarder lands a ploy during a competition .
neutral	A snowboarder making a enormous jump doing a trick on a high mountain .	A snowboarder lands a ploy during a competition .
neutral	Two ladies hid behind their cotton candy , and smiling on the pavement .	Two friends holding cotton candy smile at each other .
neutral	Two ladies hiding behind their cotton candy , and smiling on the pavement .	Two friends holding cotton candy smile at each other .
neutral	Two ladies hid behind their cotton candy , and smiling on the pavement .	Two friends holding cotton candy smile at each other .
neutral	Two people are riding at once on one exclusive bicycling .	Two people riding on a bicyle down a little filth path .
neutral	Two people are riding at once on one sole cyclist .	Two people riding on a bicyle down a small filth paths .
neutral	Two people are riding at once on one lonesome motorbikes .	Two people riding on a bicyle down a little filth path .
neutral	A masculine riding a cyclist on a filth pathway passing various junk or abandoned cars on the side of the pathway .	A men is making a cross country travelling on his motorcycle .
neutral	A masculine riding a bicycles on a filth paths passing differing junk or abandoned automobile on the side of the routes .	A men is making a crossed country journey on his mopeds .
neutral	A males riding a cycling on a dirt road passing numerous junk or abandoned automobile on the side of the pathway .	A masculine is making a crossed countries travelling on his bicycles .
neutral	Two people playing horseshoes .	Tom and Sue were play horseshoes .
neutral	Two people playing horseshoes .	Tom and Sue were playing horseshoes .
neutral	Two people play horseshoes .	Tom and Sue were play horseshoes .
neutral	Two people playing horseshoes .	Tom and Sue were playing outer .
neutral	Two people play horseshoes .	Tom and Sue were playing exterior .
neutral	Two people playing horseshoes .	Tom and Sue were playing outdoor .
neutral	The people awaiting to crossed the street while walking the dog .	people are at a busy intersection
neutral	The people awaiting to cross the street while walking the dog .	people are at a busy intersection
neutral	The people awaiting to crossing the street while walking the dog .	people are at a busy intersection
neutral	A daughters with negro breeches on is lowered a camera onto the running track .	A camera is being shortening onto a running track by a daughter in negro breeches and yellow t shirt
neutral	A daughter with negro underclothes on is shortening a camera onto the running track .	A camera is being lowers onto a running track by a daughter in black underpants and yellow t shirt
neutral	A daughter with black underclothes on is shortening a camera onto the running track .	A camera is being reduced onto a running track by a girl in negro panties and yellow t shirt
neutral	A kneeling males bends his ear to listen on another in front of a guitar and acoustic equipment .	Two men are composing together .
neutral	A kneeling masculine bends his ear to listen on another in front of a guitar and audible equipment .	Two mens are composing together .
neutral	A kneeling man bends his ear to listen on another in front of a guitar and audible equipment .	Two male are composing together .
neutral	Two men stand in the routes , it almost appears to be some kind of film set on a sunny day in California .	Tall people standing
neutral	Two male stand in the paths , it nearly appears to be some sorts of cinema set on a sunny day in California .	Tall people standing
neutral	Two mens stand in the routing , it nearly appears to be some sort of movie set on a sunny day in California .	Tall people standing
neutral	A girls holding a beverage dot at a paint .	The daughters is drinking an alcoholic beverage .
neutral	A daughter holding a beverage points at a paint .	The girl is drinking an alcoholic beverage .
neutral	A daughters holding a beverage dot at a painted .	The girl is drinking an alcoholic beverage .
neutral	One persons kneels in front of a plastic pail , while another leans toward a doorway and a thirds persons looks on from a ramshackle building .	One persons kneels in front of a plastic pail poised to puke .
neutral	One individuals kneels in front of a plastic bucket , while another leans toward a doorway and a thirds persons looks on from a dilapidated building .	One individuals kneels in front of a plastic bucket braced to puke .
neutral	One person kneels in front of a plastic bucket , while another leans toward a doorway and a third person looks on from a ramshackle building .	One individuals kneels in front of a plastic bucket ready to puke .
neutral	A panels of people sitting around a rectangular table having either pieces of paper or notebook in front of them .	they have a work meeting
neutral	A grouping of people sitting around a rectangular tables having either pieces of paper or movable in front of them .	they have a work meeting
neutral	A panel of people sitting around a rectangular table having either pieces of paper or laptop in front of them .	they have a work meeting
neutral	An elder male wearing stars and stripes rides a bicycling .	The men wearing stars and stripes on a motorcycle is in a parade .
neutral	An elder man wearing stars and stripes rides a mopeds .	The man wearing stars and stripes on a moped is in a parade .
neutral	An aging men wearing stars and stripes rides a motorbikes .	The male wearing stars and stripes on a bikes is in a parade .
neutral	A man on a cyclist rides past a park , with a panels of people in the background .	A guy misses the park and passes by it .
neutral	A males on a cycle rides past a park , with a panels of people in the background .	A guy misses the park and passes by it .
neutral	A men on a motorcycles rides past a park , with a group of people in the background .	A guy misses the park and passes by it .
neutral	Four men are sitting in front of two gigantic windows ; one man is playing a guitar , one is playing the bongo drums , and two are sitting back without instruments .	The four males sitting in front of the two windows belonging to a band .
neutral	Four man are sitting in front of two heavy windows ; one mens is play a guitar , one is playing the bongo drumming , and two are sitting back without instruments .	The four man sitting in front of the two windows belonging to a bands .
neutral	Four men are sitting in front of two vast windows ; one masculine is play a guitar , one is playing the bongo drums , and two are sitting back without instruments .	The four man sitting in front of the two windows belong to a bands .
neutral	An bold masculine navigates through the jungle with a lengthy stick .	An bold masculine navigates through the jungle , search for a rare babboon .
neutral	An bold masculine navigates through the jungle with a lengthy stick .	An brave male navigates through the jungle , searches for a uncommon babboon .
neutral	An brave males navigates through the jungle with a long stick .	An adventurous male navigates through the jungle , quest for a uncommon babboon .
neutral	A mens in a negro shirt , in a commercial kitchen , holding up meat he took out of a pockets .	A man in a black shirt , in a commercial kitchen , holding up the age meat he took out of a satchel .
neutral	A males in a negro shirt , in a commercial kitchen , holding up meat he took out of a knapsack .	A males in a negro shirt , in a commercial kitchen , holding up the elders meat he took out of a handbags .
neutral	A male in a negro shirt , in a commercial kitchen , holding up meat he took out of a handbags .	A mens in a negro shirt , in a commercial kitchen , holding up the archaic meat he took out of a handbag .
neutral	Children are play exterior in a fountain .	Some juveniles throw stones into a fountain .
neutral	Children are play outdoor in a fountain .	Some youngsters throw stones into a fountain .
neutral	Children are playing exterior in a fountain .	Some minors throw stones into a fountain .
neutral	Children are play outboard in a fountain .	Some juvenile a outdoor play near the water .
neutral	Children are playing outboard in a fountain .	Some juveniles a outside play near the water .
neutral	Children are playing outer in a fountain .	Some adolescents a outside playing near the water .
neutral	Stick figures in the media of the street .	A paintings of a stick figure
neutral	Stick digit in the middle of the street .	A paint of a stick figure
neutral	Stick digit in the middle of the street .	A paint of a stick figure
neutral	Cook handling hot tray with food on it .	man preparing meal for wife
neutral	Cook handling hot tray with food on it .	man preparing meal for wife
neutral	Cook handling hot tray with food on it .	man preparing meal for wife
neutral	A boy rides his skateboarding at the park .	A sad boy rides his skateboard at the park .
neutral	A boy rides his skateboarding at the park .	A sad boy rides his skateboarding at the park .
neutral	A boy rides his skateboard at the park .	A sad boy rides his skateboard at the park .
neutral	Five underage , two boys and three girls , with the girl wearing white scarves , sit on the sidewalk outer in front of a immense window .	There is snow exterior .
neutral	Five youths , two boys and three girls , with the girl wearing white scarves , sit on the sidewalk outside in front of a heavy window .	There is snow outdoor .
neutral	Five youthful , two boys and three daughters , with the girls wearing white scarves , sit on the pavement exterior in front of a massive window .	There is snowy outdoor .
neutral	A dog is running in the waves at the beach .	The dog is fetching his toy that his masters threw into the surf .
neutral	A dog is running in the waves at the beach .	The dog is fetching his toy that his master threw into the surfing .
neutral	A dog is running in the waves at the beach .	The dog is fetching his toy that his masters threw into the surfer .
neutral	A middle-aged females in a light brown trench coat and negro boots walks on the pavement past a shop entry .	The middle-aged women is heading home .
neutral	A middle-aged female in a light brown trench coat and black boots walks on the sidewalk past a shop entrance .	The middle-aged women is header home .
neutral	A middle-aged woman in a light brown trench coat and negro boots walks on the pavement past a shop entry .	The middle-aged females is heading home .
neutral	Two small daughters reading a book at the bookshelf .	The daughters are sisters .
neutral	Two little girl reading a book at the bookstore .	The girls are sisters .
neutral	Two petite girls reading a book at the bookstore .	The girls are sisters .
neutral	A minors with his face paints is at the top of a concrete structure with asterisks carved inside .	His face is painting to look like a tiger .
neutral	A youngsters with his face paint is at the top of a concrete structure with asterisks carved inside .	His face is paintings to look like a tiger .
neutral	A young with his face paints is at the top of a concrete structure with asterisks carved indoor .	His face is paint to look like a tiger .
neutral	A masculine wearing a negro beret , black coat , and black gloves takes a photos in the medium of a crowd	A men in black takes a photographer of a fountain .
neutral	A males wearing a black beret , black coat , and negro gloves takes a photograph in the medium of a crowd	A masculine in black takes a photograph of a fountain .
neutral	A males wearing a black beret , black coat , and negro gloves takes a picture in the medium of a crowd	A mens in black takes a photographer of a fountain .
neutral	A females in a brown jacket and jeans is kneeling on a brick routing while taking a picture of another women posing .	The female posing is a famous model .
neutral	A women in a brown jacket and jeans is kneeling on a brick routes while taking a photographed of another woman posing .	The females posing is a famous model .
neutral	A females in a brown jacket and jeans is kneeling on a brick pathway while taking a photos of another women posing .	The females posing is a famous model .
neutral	A bicyclist wearing white eyeglasses and a white and negro helmet .	A tall human wearing glasses
neutral	A bicyclist wearing white goggles and a white and negro helmet .	A tall humanity wearing glasses
neutral	A bicyclist wearing white goggles and a white and negro helmet .	A tall mankind wearing glasses
neutral	A moped attired in black and white is pointing .	A cycle clothed in negro and white dots toward the skies .
neutral	A cyclist clothed in negro and white is pointing .	A motorcycle dressed in black and white dotted toward the skies .
neutral	A bicycles attired in negro and white is pointing .	A motorcycle clothed in negro and white dots toward the skies .
neutral	A person in a red shirt is shearing the grass with a green riding mower .	A person in red is moving grass on a John Deer automobile .
neutral	A individuals in a red shirt is shearing the grass with a green riding mower .	A persons in red is moving grass on a John Deer vehicle .
neutral	A individuals in a red shirt is shearing the grass with a green riding mower .	A persons in red is moving grass on a John Deer car .
neutral	A minor masculine at a snooker alley posing on the score machine .	A juveniles man is bowling .
neutral	A smaller mens at a snooker alley posing on the score machine .	A kids man is bowling .
neutral	A youth males at a billiard alleyway posing on the score machine .	A kids masculine is snooker .
neutral	A local street in an Arabic countries where there is a marketplace sell Coca-Cola .	A crowded street where people are purchase soft drinks and other item .
neutral	A local street in an Arabic countries where there is a market sale Coca-Cola .	A crowded street where people are buys mild drinks and other items .
neutral	A local street in an Arabic countries where there is a markets sale Coca-Cola .	A crowded street where people are purchasing mild drinks and other item .
neutral	A group of females playing volleyball indoors .	Awoman serves the volleyball .
neutral	A grouping of female play volleyball indoors .	Awoman serves the volleyball .
neutral	A grouping of women play volleyball indoors .	Awoman serves the volleyball .
neutral	A females wearing a striped wrap is bent over in a corn while looking at the camera .	A women wearing a striped wrap and a hat is bent over in a cornfield while searches at the camera .
neutral	A women wearing a striped wrap is bent over in a cornfield while quest at the camera .	A women wearing a striped wrap and a hat is bent over in a corn while searching at the camera .
neutral	A female wearing a striped wrap is bent over in a corn while search at the camera .	A woman wearing a striped wrap and a hat is bent over in a cornfield while searches at the camera .
neutral	Two daughter play basketball .	The daughters threw the basketball .
neutral	Two girls playing basketball .	The girl threw the basketball .
neutral	Two girls playing basketball .	The girls threw the basketball .
neutral	A professionals baseball catcher and behind him an referee are knelt in measures position and are awaiting the pitch .	World Series games 3 is being played
neutral	A professionals baseball catcher and behind him an referee are knelt in actions position and are await the pitch .	World Series game 3 is being played
neutral	A professionals baseball catcher and behind him an referee are knelt in actions position and are awaits the pitch .	World Series games 3 is being played
neutral	A professional baseball catcher and behind him an referees are knelt in activities stance and are awaiting the pitching .	There are people outdoors
neutral	A professional baseball catcher and behind him an referees are knelt in activity position and are await the pitching .	There are people outdoors
neutral	A professionals baseball catcher and behind him an referees are knelt in measures position and are awaits the pitch .	There are people outdoors
neutral	A band singing and playing electricity guitar for a crowd of people .	A bands is play a cover song .
neutral	A band sings and play electric guitar for a crowd of people .	A band is playing a cover song .
neutral	A bands singing and playing electrified guitar for a crowd of people .	A band is play a cover song .
neutral	A mens is installing a roof .	A masculine is putting a roof on a beach houses .
neutral	A masculine is installing a roof .	A mens is putting a roof on a beach houses .
neutral	A males is installing a roof .	A men is putting a roof on a beach houses .
neutral	Children are playing and swim in a boy of water with a footbridge in the background .	Children are swimming in icy water .
neutral	Children are play and swim in a boy of water with a footbridge in the background .	Children are swimming in cold water .
neutral	Children are playing and swimming in a boy of water with a footbridge in the background .	Children are swim in colder water .
neutral	A males in a tie-dyed shirt and jeans is sitting on a bench with a dog and a guitar on his lap , as well as a harmonica near his mouth .	The street performer takes a break .
neutral	A male in a tie-dyed shirt and jeans is sitting on a bench with a dog and a guitar on his lap , as well as a harmonica near his mouth .	The street performer takes a break .
neutral	A men in a tie-dyed shirt and jeans is sitting on a bench with a dog and a guitar on his lap , as well as a harmonica near his mouth .	The street performer takes a break .
neutral	A females in skirt , torn stockings and battling boots and a man in handbook and batman tank top walk down a city street .	The males and females are going to a movies in the town .
neutral	A woman in skirt , torn stockings and battle boots and a man in airman and batman tank top walk down a town street .	The men and women are going to a films in the city .
neutral	A woman in skirt , torn stockings and combat boots and a males in flyers and batman tank top walk down a town street .	The male and females are going to a film in the city .
neutral	Women in blue dress sing on stage .	A female is singing for the first periods .
neutral	Women in blue frock sung on stages .	A females is sing for the first schedules .
neutral	Women in blue frock sung on stages .	A females is sings for the first timetable .
neutral	Group of people wearing negro shirts riding in an opening top vehicles .	Froends ride in an opens top vehicle together .
neutral	Group of people wearing negro shirts riding in an opened top automobiles .	Froends ride in an openings top cars together .
neutral	Group of people wearing negro shirts riding in an opened top motor .	Froends ride in an opened top auto together .
neutral	A male sits at a table in a room .	A males sits and waits for someone .
neutral	A male sits at a table in a rooms .	A male sits and waits for someone .
neutral	A men sits at a table in a room .	A males sits and waits for someone .
neutral	A juvenile men in a backwards baseball caps balance his skateboard on the edge of the concrete .	The man has a colorful skateboard
neutral	A youngsters men in a backward baseball cap balancing his skateboard on the edge of the concrete .	The males has a colorful skateboard
neutral	A teens males in a backwards baseball chaps balance his skateboarding on the edge of the concrete .	The males has a colorful skateboard
neutral	A mechanic for a race vehicle team is working on the wheel of a races automobiles .	The auto took a pit halting with just a few laps to go .
neutral	A mechanic for a race auto team is working on the wheeled of a race autos .	The automobiles took a pit stop with just a few laps to go .
neutral	A mechanic for a errand autos team is working on the wheels of a race motor .	The automobile took a pit stopping with just a few laps to go .
neutral	Two males prepare a fishes at a wharf .	Two mens have just come in from fishing all day
neutral	Two man prepare a fishes at a wharf .	Two man have just come in from fishing all day
neutral	Two mens prepare a fishes at a wharf .	Two masculine have just come in from fishing all day
neutral	A men in grey and negro is play a negro acoustics guitar with a slightly shorter woman who is wearing pink and playing a violin .	a wife and husband perform
neutral	A men in grey and black is playing a black acoustic guitar with a slightly shorter women who is wearing pink and play a violin .	a wife and husband perform
neutral	A man in grey and negro is play a black audio guitar with a slightly shorter women who is wearing pink and play a violin .	a wife and husband perform
neutral	A man wearing a stocking hat and has a beard is searching at the camera with two females sitting on the couch next to him .	there are people in a dwelling taking pictures
neutral	A mens wearing a stocking hat and has a beard is looking at the camera with two women sitting on the couch next to him .	there are people in a dwelling taking pictures
neutral	A man wearing a stocking hat and has a beard is search at the camera with two female sitting on the couch next to him .	there are people in a houses taking pictures
neutral	A boy on a biking in midair	A boy is falling off his cycle .
neutral	A boy on a motorbikes in midair	A boy is falling off his moped .
neutral	A boy on a biking in midair	A boy is falling off his motorcycle .
neutral	A group of minor people performing on a stages .	A panels of people are singing and dances on stage for people .
neutral	A panels of teenager people performing on a stage .	A panel of people are sing and dancing on stages for people .
neutral	A panel of teenagers people performing on a stages .	A group of people are singing and dances on stages for people .
neutral	a brown dog coming out of an orange and yellow tunnel	A stray dog walking out of the subway tunnels .
neutral	a brown dog coming out of an orange and yellow tunnel	A stray dog walking out of the subway tunnels .
neutral	a brown dog coming out of an orange and yellow tunnel	A stray dog walking out of the underground tunnels .
neutral	Three female and two male are standing at the foot of a hefty stairway holding stringed instruments and a clarinet .	They are roughly to go upstairs .
neutral	Three female and two mens are standing at the feet of a big stairway holding stringed instruments and a clarinet .	They are about to go upstairs .
neutral	Three woman and two man are standing at the feet of a enormous staircase holding stringed instruments and a clarinet .	They are approximately to go upstairs .
neutral	Three women and two male are standing at the feet of a big stairway holding stringed instruments and a clarinet .	They are going up the stairs .
neutral	Three female and two male are standing at the footing of a gigantic staircase holding stringed instruments and a clarinet .	They are going up the stairs .
neutral	Three woman and two men are standing at the footing of a immense stairway holding stringed instruments and a clarinet .	They are going up the stairs .
neutral	the masculine is in the middle of a pole vault	The mens is focused .
neutral	the man is in the media of a poles vault	The male is concentrated .
neutral	the male is in the mid of a poles vault	The man is concentrated .
neutral	A dog is on the beach near a ball .	A dog is playing ball with his owners .
neutral	A dog is on the beach near a ball .	A dog is playing ball with his owners .
neutral	A dog is on the beach near a ball .	A dog is play ball with his owner .
neutral	A masculine wearing a white t-shirt and shorts is rock climb with other people wearing blue strenuous hats .	A male in a whit shirt and shorts is rock climbing at a very very slowing pace .
neutral	A masculine wearing a white t-shirt and shorts is rock climbing with other people wearing blue arduous hats .	A masculine in a whit shirt and shorts is rock climb at a very very slowing pace .
neutral	A man wearing a white t-shirt and shorts is rock climb with other people wearing blue tough hats .	A males in a whit shirt and shorts is rock climbing at a very very slow pace .
neutral	A male in a brown shirt and a white baseball chaps uses a plastic barrel to water tomato plants .	A male watering his adjacent plants .
neutral	A man in a brown shirt and a white baseball caps utilizes a plastic barrel to water tomato plants .	A mens watering his neighbor plants .
neutral	A man in a brown shirt and a white baseball ceiling uses a plastic barrel to water tomato plants .	A men watering his adjoining plants .
neutral	A female with her face partially cover in silver face painting sits on a plastic tote quest in a mirrored .	The women is a model .
neutral	A women with her face partly cover in silver face paint sits on a plastic tote search in a mirror .	The female is a model .
neutral	A female with her face partially cover in silver face paint sits on a plastic tote quest in a mirrors .	The women is a model .
neutral	A male in a suit cheering in a library in front of adolescence .	A lawyers is encouraging some kids at a rivalry .
neutral	A man in a suit cheering in a bookstore in front of youngsters .	A avocados is encouraging some youthful at a competitions .
neutral	A mens in a suit cheers in a bookstore in front of teen .	A lawyer is encouraging some youths at a competitions .
neutral	A mens play a piano	A mens is play a negro piano .
neutral	A men playing a piano	A mens is playing a black piano .
neutral	A males playing a piano	A males is play a black piano .
neutral	little girl posing for a pictures .	The children is getting her school photographing taken .
neutral	little daughters posing for a photograph .	The teenage is getting her school photographer taken .
neutral	little daughters posing for a photographer .	The youngsters is getting her school photographing taken .
neutral	A mens plays a piano painted with an photographic of a woman on it .	A males plays a piano for his family .
neutral	A males plays a piano painting with an photo of a woman on it .	A male plays a piano for his families .
neutral	A male plays a piano paint with an picture of a woman on it .	A men plays a piano for his families .
neutral	A couple look into the camera as the foreground is filled with balloons .	The couple is celebrating an major events .
neutral	A couple look into the camera as the foreground is filled with balloons .	The couple is celebrating an important events .
neutral	A couple look into the camera as the foreground is filled with balloons .	The couple is celebrating an important events .
neutral	Fireworks light up the nightly as a men stands on stages .	The masculine is throwing a concert outside
neutral	Fireworks light up the overnight as a men stands on stage .	The masculine is throwing a concert outside
neutral	Fireworks light up the nighttime as a men stands on stage .	The masculine is throwing a concert outside
neutral	A boy in a gray and yellow jacket is raising his hand in front of others sitting around him .	A boy is raisingin his hand to answering a question in his class .
neutral	A boy in a grey and yellow jacket is raising his hand in front of others sitting around him .	A boy is raisingin his hand to answering a question in his class .
neutral	A boy in a grey and yellow jacket is raising his hand in front of others sitting around him .	A boy is raisingin his hand to answers a question in his class .
neutral	Two masculine are in blue vie jackets and sitting on innertubes with `` Crusher '' written on them in the media of a body of water .	The two man are enjoying an afternoon in the water together after a harsh workweek .
neutral	Two mens are in blue lifetime jerseys and sitting on innertubes with `` Crusher '' written on them in the middle of a organ of water .	The two male are enjoying an afternoon in the water together after a stiff workweek .
neutral	Two men are in blue lifetime blazers and sitting on innertubes with `` Crusher '' written on them in the mid of a organs of water .	The two males are enjoying an afternoon in the water together after a difficult workweek .
neutral	Two males are laying floor tiles in a doorway .	The tiles are very colorful .
neutral	Two mens are laying floor tiles in a doorway .	The tiles are very colorful .
neutral	Two mens are laying floor tiles in a doorway .	The tiles are very colorful .
neutral	A immense audience of people seated at banquet table is watching the happenings on a stages surrounded by blue curtains .	The monumental audience is watching an award ceremony .
neutral	A massive audience of people seated at banquet tables is watching the happenings on a stage surrounded by blue curtains .	The big audience is watching an awards ceremonies .
neutral	A monumental audience of people seated at banquet tables is watching the happenings on a stage surrounded by blue curtains .	The gigantic audience is watching an award ceremonies .
neutral	A males partly draped in a green and orange flag rests his handgun on two others while standing in a crowd .	A male rests on his friends after a championship struggles .
neutral	A men partially draped in a green and orange flag rests his gunpoint on two others while standing in a crowd .	A male rests on his friends after a championship struggles .
neutral	A mens partly draped in a green and orange flag rests his shotguns on two others while standing in a crowd .	A man rests on his friends after a championship struggle .
neutral	Dog running with a purple toy in the snowy field .	A dog is excited .
neutral	Dog running with a purple toy in the snowy field .	A dog is excited .
neutral	Dog running with a purple toy in the snowy field .	A dog is excited .
neutral	An aging , barefoot boy is conversation to a cadet , shirtless boy in flip flips in the mid of the street .	An ancient brother is conversations to his younger brother in the medium of the street .
neutral	An older , barefoot boy is conversation to a cadet , shirtless boy in flip flips in the mid of the street .	An outdated brother is discussions to his cadet brother in the middle of the street .
neutral	An elderly , barefoot boy is conversations to a younger , shirtless boy in flip flips in the middle of the street .	An age brother is discussions to his younger brother in the middle of the street .
neutral	A man waiting for the bus in a war torn countries .	A man is wait for a bus sitting on a bench .
neutral	A males waiting for the bus in a war torn countries .	A masculine is wait for a bus sitting on a bench .
neutral	A males waiting for the bus in a war torn country .	A males is wait for a bus sitting on a bench .
neutral	A mens waiting for the bus in a war torn country .	A male is wait for a bus in Iraq .
neutral	A male waiting for the bus in a war torn countries .	A males is wait for a bus in Iraq .
neutral	A mens wait for the bus in a war torn country .	A man is wait for a bus in Iraq .
neutral	A masculine in an Alaska sweatshirt stands behind a counter .	The men is from Alaska .
neutral	A masculine in an Alaska sweatshirt stands behind a counter .	The mens is from Alaska .
neutral	A mens in an Alaska sweatshirt stands behind a counter .	The man is from Alaska .
neutral	A gray rally motors is being driven by two grownup male while a mammoth white container is tied down on top of the roof .	The male hope the container wo n't flies off the roof .
neutral	A gray rallying cars is being driven by two adults mens while a large white container is tied down on top of the roof .	The man hope the container wo n't flies off the roof .
neutral	A gray rallying cars is being driven by two adults male while a vast white container is tied down on top of the roof .	The man hope the container wo n't fly off the roof .
neutral	A panel of people are search at image on a wall and speaking to each other .	A panel of friends are visiting an art exhibit .
neutral	A group of people are searches at image on a wall and speaking to each other .	A group of friends are visiting an art exhibit .
neutral	A panels of people are searches at pictures on a wall and speaking to each other .	A groups of friends are visiting an art exhibit .
neutral	A juveniles man with eyeglasses and his companion are attempting to do laundry in a public place .	A tall persons with glasses
neutral	A adolescents men with goggles and his companion are attempting to do laundry in a public placing .	A tall individuals with glasses
neutral	A minor men with eyeglasses and his companion are attempting to do laundry in a public place .	A tall persons with glasses
neutral	A panel of people on the barking , brightly lighten street , while one males with a gray hat holds a overwhelming colorful sign with arrows .	A group of friends heads down the street to a birthday parties .
neutral	A groups of people on the bark , brightly lighten street , while one male with a grey hat holds a overwhelming colorful sign with arrows .	A panel of friends chefs down the street to a birthday parties .
neutral	A groups of people on the barking , brightly lighten street , while one man with a gray hat holds a enormous colorful sign with arrows .	A grouping of friends chiefs down the street to a birthday party .
neutral	A dog jumping into the aerial .	A puppy leaps for a Frisbee .
neutral	A dog jumping into the jets .	A doberman leaps for a Frisbee .
neutral	A dog jumping into the airliner .	A doggy leaps for a Frisbee .
neutral	Several people navigating through ledger at a boutique with a tile floor .	There are a batch of people looking for a certain book at the local Barnes and Noble .
neutral	Several people studying through books at a boutique with a tile floor .	There are a lot of people searches for a certain book at the local Barnes and Noble .
neutral	Several people inquires through ledger at a boutique with a tile floor .	There are a lot of people quest for a certain book at the local Barnes and Noble .
neutral	A fathers and his daughter are riding a lawn mover down a street while dressed in American colors .	two people mow lawns for a living on the 4th of july
neutral	A fathers and his daughters are riding a lawn mover down a street while dressed in American colors .	two people mow lawns for a living on the 4th of july
neutral	A fathers and his girls are riding a lawn mover down a street while dressed in American color .	two people mow lawns for a living on the 4th of july
neutral	Shirtless masculine with lengthy poles navigates cover browse down a palm trees lined river past a hut .	A masculine without a shirt is on a river .
neutral	Shirtless mens with long pole navigates cover surveys down a palm tree lined river past a hut .	A male without a shirt is on a river .
neutral	Shirtless male with lengthy pole navigates covered sailboat down a palm tree lined river past a shack .	A male without a shirt is on a river .
neutral	A couple has been photograph through a gaps in the fencing while they are sitting near the water .	The couple is marrying .
neutral	A couple has been picture through a malfunctions in the fence while they are sitting near the water .	The couple is marriage .
neutral	A couple has been image through a flaws in the fencing while they are sitting near the water .	The couple is marries .
neutral	The hockey players and referee are preparing for a face-off .	The gamers and umpire are getting poised to starting the matching .
neutral	The hockey gamers and referee are preparing for a face-off .	The gamers and referee are getting poised to start the matches .
neutral	The hockey gamers and referees are preparing for a face-off .	The gamers and referees are getting readies to launch the matching .
neutral	A women in a gray kimono walks past a negro vehicles in the medium of a crowded street full of Japanese signs , with a man in an orange shirt and khaki trousers .	A woman is walking down a busy street in Tokyo .
neutral	A women in a gray kimono walks past a black car in the mid of a crowded street full of Japanese signs , with a men in an orange shirt and khaki breeches .	A female is walking down a busy street in Tokyo .
neutral	A woman in a gray kimono walks past a negro automobiles in the media of a crowded street full of Japanese signs , with a man in an orange shirt and khaki slacks .	A women is walking down a busy street in Tokyo .
neutral	A daughters is swinging , rather high , on a swing with blue ropes with lots of tree in the background .	A girls is swinging , rather high , on a swing with light blue ropes .
neutral	A daughters is swinging , rather high , on a swing with blue ropes with lots of trees in the background .	A girls is swinging , rather high , on a swing with light blue ropes .
neutral	A daughter is swinging , rather high , on a swing with blue ropes with lots of trees in the background .	A daughters is swinging , rather high , on a swing with light blue ropes .
neutral	One girl sips a soda while another looks on , standing on a street in front of a bunch of mopeds .	A daughters drinks a soda on the street in front of people
neutral	One girls sips a soda while another looks on , standing on a street in front of a bunch of motorcycle .	A girls drinks a soda on the street in front of people
neutral	One girl sips a soda while another looks on , standing on a street in front of a bunch of motorcycle .	A girls beverages a soda on the street in front of people
neutral	Two juveniles ladies walking down the street together .	The two females bundle up in winter coats as the snowstorm sets in .
neutral	Two miner ladies walking down the street together .	The two women bundle up in winter coats as the snowstorm sets in .
neutral	Two juvenile ladies walking down the street together .	The two females bundled up in winter coats as the blizzard sets in .
neutral	Two teenage ladies walking down the street together .	The two woman are sisters , and are on their manner to their mutual friends house down the street .
neutral	Two kids ladies walking down the street together .	The two females are sisters , and are on their way to their mutual friends house down the street .
neutral	Two underage ladies walking down the street together .	The two woman are sisters , and are on their manner to their mutual friends homes down the street .
neutral	The indian 's are performing a sacred dances .	The Indians hope there holy dancing will bring rain .
neutral	The indian 's are performing a sacred dancing .	The Indians hope there sacred dancing will bring rain .
neutral	The indian 's are performing a sacred dancing .	The Indians hope there holy dancing volition bring rain .
neutral	Three people are attired in costumes and play musical instruments .	The people are playing at a festival .
neutral	Three people are dressed in costumes and playing musical instruments .	The people are playing at a festival .
neutral	Three people are attired in costumes and play musical instruments .	The people are playing at a festival .
neutral	Everyone is getting braced to play the games .	People place their piece on a Monopoly board .
neutral	Everyone is getting ready to play the game .	People place their piece on a Monopoly board .
neutral	Everyone is getting braced to play the games .	People placing their piece on a Monopoly board .
neutral	A female , in red and white , and wearing sunglasses , sits in a rooms with other people .	A females is on her cellphones sitting in a room .
neutral	A females , in red and white , and wearing spectacles , sits in a rooms with other people .	A woman is on her telephone sitting in a room .
neutral	A females , in red and white , and wearing sunglasses , sits in a rooms with other people .	A women is on her phone sitting in a rooms .
neutral	A family smiling on the couch .	A family is sitting on a couch watching TV .
neutral	A families smiling on the couch .	A family is sitting on a couch watching TV .
neutral	A families smiling on the couch .	A families is sitting on a couch watching TV .
neutral	A woman in a blue top and pencil skirt walks by a balding masculine in a pinstriped suit .	They know each other .
neutral	A woman in a blue top and pencil skirt walks by a balding men in a pinstriped suit .	They know each other .
neutral	A female in a blue top and pencil skirt walks by a balding masculine in a pinstriped suit .	They know each other .
neutral	A males holds a rope for a boy who 's roughly to climb a wall .	There is a mens holding a long rope for a boy climb outdoors
neutral	A males holds a rope for a boy who 's roughly to climb a wall .	There is a men holding a long rope for a boy climb outdoors
neutral	A masculine holds a rope for a boy who 's roughly to climb a wall .	There is a man holding a long rope for a boy climb outdoors
neutral	Two guys on a couch , one is quest up the other is looking away with a cup in his hand .	They are boyfriends .
neutral	Two guys on a couch , one is quest up the other is looking away with a cup in his hand .	They are boyfriends .
neutral	Two guys on a couch , one is searching up the other is search away with a cup in his hand .	They are boyfriends .
neutral	Two girls in red vie jackets lock oars on a river .	Two girls at a camp .
neutral	Two girl in red vie jackets lock oars on a river .	Two daughter at a camp .
neutral	Two girl in red lifetime blazers lock oars on a river .	Two daughter at a camp .
neutral	Two dives divers examination a hefty metals object in the water .	Two diving divers are reviewing a submarine .
neutral	Two scuba divers reviewing a monumental metallic object in the water .	Two diving divers are reviewing a underwater .
neutral	Two dives divers exam a jumbo metallic object in the water .	Two dive divers are reviews a underwater .
neutral	Nurses in a doctor setting conversing over a plastic cup .	The nursing are discussing a patient .
neutral	Nurses in a drug setting conversing over a plastic cup .	The nurse are discussing a patient .
neutral	Nurses in a medical setting conversing over a plastic cup .	The nurse are discussing a patients .
neutral	A softball player throws the ball to her teammate .	Teammates are competing in a softballs championship .
neutral	A softball player throws the ball to her teammate .	Teammates are compete in a softballs championship .
neutral	A softball player throws the ball to her teammate .	Teammates are compete in a softballs championship .
neutral	A woman gymnast flies off of the lower bar and is suspended in the airways with her feet pointed ascending .	A gymnast is in middle plane .
neutral	A female gymnast flies off of the lower bar and is suspended in the aeroplane with her foot pointed upward .	A gymnast is in media aircraft .
neutral	A females gymnast flies off of the lower bar and is suspended in the air with her foot pointed ascending .	A gymnast is in media airlines .
neutral	A women gymnast flies off of the lower bar and is suspended in the aeroplane with her footing pointed ascending .	A woman gymnast is compete at the Olympics .
neutral	A female gymnast fly off of the lower bar and is suspended in the aeroplane with her footing pointed upward .	A females gymnast is competing at the Olympics .
neutral	A female gymnast fly off of the lower bar and is suspended in the airlines with her feet pointed ascending .	A women gymnast is competing at the Olympics .
neutral	People in motion down a town sidewalk .	People are walking to an events .
neutral	People in motion down a town pavement .	People are walking to an event .
neutral	People in motion down a city sidewalk .	People are walking to an events .
neutral	People in motion down a town pavement .	People are flying down a pavement .
neutral	People in motion down a city pavement .	People are flying down a pavement .
neutral	People in motion down a city pavement .	People are flying down a sidewalk .
neutral	A male wielding an electrical razor is gleefully shave away another male 's hairstyle .	The two male are siblings .
neutral	A masculine wielding an electrical razor is gleefully shave away another males 's hairstyle .	The two males are sibling .
neutral	A man wielding an electricity razor is gleefully shave away another mens 's hairdo .	The two men are fraternal .
neutral	A men smiles while he shaves the head of another masculine .	A males is donate hair to a charity for cancer patients .
neutral	A man smiles while he shaves the head of another male .	A males is donating hairdo to a charity for cancer patients .
neutral	A masculine smiles while he shaves the head of another masculine .	A masculine is donated hair to a charity for cancer patients .
neutral	One man in baseball ceilings looks out while two male look down .	Men are gazing .
neutral	One men in baseball chaps looks out while two masculine look down .	Men are gazing .
neutral	One masculine in baseball ceiling looks out while two masculine look down .	Men are gazing .
neutral	One male in baseball cap looks out while two men look down .	Men are lamenting the fact that their team lost .
neutral	One mens in baseball ceiling looks out while two male look down .	Men are lamenting the fact that their team lost .
neutral	One male in baseball ceiling looks out while two male look down .	Men are lamenting the fact that their team lost .
neutral	Police are setting up a barricade due to a fire .	People in uniform are working near a fire .
neutral	Police are setting up a barricade due to a fire .	People in uniform are working near a fire .
neutral	Police are setting up a barricade due to a fire .	People in standardized are working near a fire .
neutral	Police are setting up a barricade due to a fire .	Police are setting up blockades near a movie set where they cinema a fire scene .
neutral	Police are setting up a barricade due to a fire .	Police are setting up blockades near a cinema set where they movie a fire scene .
neutral	Police are setting up a barricade due to a fire .	Police are setting up blockades near a movie set where they cinema a fire scene .
neutral	A persons waterskiing in a river with a heavy wall in the background .	A male waterskiing in a river with a mammoth wall in the background .
neutral	A individuals waterskiing in a river with a huge wall in the background .	A men waterskiing in a river with a massive wall in the background .
neutral	A person waterskiing in a river with a vast wall in the background .	A man waterskiing in a river with a huge wall in the background .
neutral	Two small boys are play on stairs that have a rugs runner going down them .	Two petite boys are pretending they are climb a gigantic mountain .
neutral	Two little boys are playing on stairs that have a carpets runner going down them .	Two small boys are pretending they are climb a heavy mountain .
neutral	Two little boys are playing on stairs that have a rug racer going down them .	Two small boys are pretending they are climbing a jumbo mountain .
neutral	A person obscured in shadow in a colosseum .	The person is trying to be sneaky .
neutral	A person obscured in shadow in a gymnasium .	The persons is trying to be sneaky .
neutral	A person obscured in shadow in a coliseum .	The persons is trying to be sneaky .
neutral	A women in a green suit walking towards an escalator .	A woman is walking to the escalator at a sportsman events .
neutral	A female in a green suit walking toward an escalator .	A females is walking to the escalator at a sportsmen event .
neutral	A female in a green suit walking towards an escalator .	A female is walking to the escalator at a sportsman events .
neutral	Asian males sitting down , and some of them are wearing white and pink hats , while the others are wearing blue jackets with yellow sashes .	A group of grownups are waiting for an event .
neutral	Asian mens sitting down , and some of them are wearing white and pink hats , while the others are wearing blue jerseys with yellow sashes .	A groups of grownups are waiting for an events .
neutral	Asian man sitting down , and some of them are wearing white and pink hats , while the others are wearing blue jackets with yellow sashes .	A groups of grownup are wait for an events .
neutral	A smiling masculine is holding up a gavel .	The men is a judge .
neutral	A smiling mens is holding up a gavel .	The masculine is a judge .
neutral	A smiling male is holding up a gavel .	The males is a judge .
neutral	A biker racing .	The biker loses the race
neutral	A biker races .	The biker loses the race
neutral	A biker race .	The motorcyclist loses the race
neutral	A masculine is holding a book standing in front of a chalkboard .	A masculine is holding a book roughly fossils , standing in front of a chalkboard .
neutral	A male is holding a book standing in front of a blackboard .	A male is holding a book about fossils , standing in front of a chalkboard .
neutral	A man is holding a book standing in front of a chalkboard .	A masculine is holding a book about fossils , standing in front of a blackboard .
neutral	A females is walking her dog and using her laptops .	The female is play a game on her notebook .
neutral	A women is walking her dog and using her notepad .	The women is playing a game on her notepad .
neutral	A females is walking her dog and using her notepad .	The woman is play a games on her notebook .
neutral	While one masculine , in the white cap , is golfing , three other men are in the media of a conversations .	A mens putts while his panel talks to each other .
neutral	While one male , in the white chap , is golfing , three other masculine are in the middle of a conversations .	A men putts while his grouping talks to each other .
neutral	While one man , in the white ceiling , is golf , three other male are in the mid of a discussions .	A masculine putts while his grouping talks to each other .
neutral	A panels of motorcyclists at a racing with their firearm around each other .	They are going rapids .
neutral	A panel of cyclists at a racing with their guns around each other .	They are going swift .
neutral	A panel of cyclists at a race with their weapon around each other .	They are going quickly .
neutral	Women sit on a beach as they watch mens bring in a fishing netted filled with fishes in front of them .	People are gathered on a sunny day at the beach .
neutral	Women sit on a beach as they watch masculine bring in a fishing net filled with fishes in front of them .	People are gathered on a sunny day at the beach .
neutral	Women sit on a beach as they watch men bring in a fishing net filled with fish in front of them .	People are gathered on a sunny day at the beach .
neutral	A motorist gets some aviation over a crude hill .	A motorist is riding his cyclist in a competition .
neutral	A motorist gets some air over a coarse hill .	A motorist is riding his motorcycles in a competition .
neutral	A motorist gets some airlines over a coarse hill .	A motorist is riding his cycle in a competitions .
neutral	Many people who appear to be Asian stand in line at a train station waiting patiently for the next train .	the people are women
neutral	Many people who appear to be Asian stand in line at a train station waiting patiently for the next train .	the people are women
neutral	Many people who appear to be Asian stand in line at a train station waiting patiently for the next train .	the people are women
neutral	Many people who appear to be Asian stand in line at a train station waiting patiently for the next train .	some people standing
neutral	Many people who appear to be Asian stand in line at a train station waiting patiently for the next train .	some people standing
neutral	Many people who appear to be Asian stand in line at a train station waiting patiently for the next train .	some people standing
neutral	The adolescents is hanging upside down with his legs over a pole .	The young is athletes .
neutral	The youngsters is hanging upside down with his legs over a poles .	The minor is athletic .
neutral	The minor is hanging upside down with his legs over a pole .	The juveniles is athlete .
neutral	A male in a pink shirt and white vest plays a guitar .	There is a man that is good at music .
neutral	A man in a pink shirt and white vest plays a guitar .	There is a males that is good at music .
neutral	A males in a pink shirt and white vest plays a guitar .	There is a man that is good at music .
neutral	Two men in polo shirts , reading the paper .	Two males reading the paper on their break .
neutral	Two man in polo shirts , reading the paper .	Two male reading the paper on their break .
neutral	Two male in polo shirts , reading the paper .	Two males reading the paper on their break .
neutral	The 3 dogs are cruise down the street .	a families of dogs cruises down the street
neutral	The 3 dogs are cruising down the street .	a family of dogs cruises down the street
neutral	The 3 dogs are cruise down the street .	a family of dogs cruises down the street
neutral	A boy whiffs a ball with a bat .	The boy is playing baseball .
neutral	A boy whiffs a ball with a bat .	The boy is playing baseball .
neutral	A boy whiffs a ball with a bat .	The boy is playing baseball .
neutral	A man with a bat swings at a ball coming towards him .	The bat is aluminum
neutral	A man with a bat swings at a ball coming toward him .	The bat is aluminum
neutral	A man with a bat swings at a ball coming towards him .	The bat is aluminum
neutral	Two small boys are smiling and laughing while one is standing and one is in a bouncy seat .	The boys are siblings play with each other .
neutral	Two small boys are smiling and laugh while one is standing and one is in a bouncy seating .	The boys are fraternal playing with each other .
neutral	Two small boys are smiling and laugh while one is standing and one is in a bouncy seat .	The boys are brothers playing with each other .
neutral	A males standing in a cubicle with a chair that has a negro Ginobili jersey on it .	A men is wearing his sports jersey in his cubicle .
neutral	A mens standing in a cubicle with a chairs that has a black Ginobili jersey on it .	A men is wearing his athlete jersey in his cubicle .
neutral	A male standing in a cubicle with a chair that has a negro Ginobili jersey on it .	A masculine is wearing his athlete jersey in his cubicle .
neutral	A male standing in a cubicle with a chairs that has a negro Ginobili jersey on it .	A gigantic athletics fan is working interior his cubicle .
neutral	A man standing in a cubicle with a chair that has a black Ginobili jersey on it .	A hefty athletics fan is working inner his cubicle .
neutral	A males standing in a cubicle with a chair that has a black Ginobili jersey on it .	A mammoth sportsmen fan is working inner his cubicle .
neutral	A man wearing a denim jacket and jeans welds on a bridges above water while wearing his safety mask .	The mens in jeans is standing on a bridges working on a exterior while listening to music .
neutral	A mens wearing a denim jacket and jeans welds on a bridges above water while wearing his safety mask .	The males in jeans is standing on a bridge working on a outer while listening to music .
neutral	A mens wearing a denim jacket and jeans welds on a bridge above water while wearing his safety mask .	The man in jeans is standing on a bridges working on a exterior while listening to music .
neutral	A masculine in tan underpants is eating while sitting next to a plate and a pair of shoes .	The men has black hair .
neutral	A men in tan breeches is eating while sitting next to a plate and a pair of shoes .	The masculine has negro hairdo .
neutral	A men in tan panties is eating while sitting next to a plate and a pair of footwear .	The men has negro hairdo .
neutral	Island native fisherman reeling in their nets after a long day 's work .	The male caught assorted fishes .
neutral	Island native fishers reeling in their nets after a lengthy day 's work .	The masculine caught several fishes .
neutral	Island aboriginal fishers reeling in their nets after a lengthy day 's work .	The men caught varied fish .
neutral	A man in a blue jacket holding a handsaw sawing a pipe on top of a wooden fences .	Somebody is wearing work gloves .
neutral	A men in a blue jacket holding a handsaw sawing a tubes on top of a timber fence .	Somebody is wearing work gloves .
neutral	A masculine in a blue jacket holding a handsaw sawing a pipe on top of a woods fence .	Somebody is wearing work gloves .
neutral	Some people are standing on a city pavement at overnight and waiting to get on a double-decker bus .	Friends waiting to get on the bus at night .
neutral	Some people are standing on a city sidewalk at nightly and waiting to get on a double-decker bus .	Friends waiting to get on the bus at overnight .
neutral	Some people are standing on a town sidewalk at nighttime and waiting to get on a double-decker bus .	Friends waiting to get on the bus at nightly .
neutral	People are wait in line to board a double decker bus .	German tourists are wait in line to board a bus .
neutral	People are waiting in line to board a doubles decker bus .	German tourists are waiting in line to board a bus .
neutral	People are waiting in line to board a dual decker bus .	German tourists are wait in line to board a bus .
neutral	An Eastern vendors sits by his stall with a rooster nearby .	a rooster near a merchants hoping for food
neutral	An Eastern traders sits by his stall with a rooster nearby .	a rooster near a businessmen hoping for food
neutral	An Eastern merchants sits by his stall with a rooster nearby .	a rooster near a salesman hoping for food
neutral	A mens searching out of his window .	A male enjoys the sun coming through the window .
neutral	A man searching out of his window .	A mens enjoys the sun coming through the window .
neutral	A males looking out of his window .	A men enjoys the sun coming through the window .
neutral	A boy is standing in a pool getting splashed with water .	The boy is in swim apparel .
neutral	A boy is standing in a pool getting splashed with water .	The boy is in swim apparel .
neutral	A boy is standing in a pool getting splashed with water .	The boy is in swim sportswear .
neutral	A boy is being splashed in a swimming pool .	A boy is playing in his novel swimming pool .
neutral	A boy is being splashed in a swimming pool .	A boy is play in his newer swim pool .
neutral	A boy is being splashed in a swimming pool .	A boy is play in his new swimming pool .
neutral	A dame is walking out of a short tunnels as a men prepares to enter it from the opposite side .	A tall persons is walking
neutral	A dame is walking out of a short tunnels as a man prepares to enter it from the converse side .	A tall person is walking
neutral	A lady is walking out of a short tunnel as a man prepares to enter it from the opposite side .	A tall individuals is walking
neutral	A baby sitting in a highchair searches delighted .	The baby is eating .
neutral	A baby sitting in a highchair looking delighted .	The baby is eating .
neutral	A baby sitting in a highchair quest delighted .	The baby is eating .
neutral	A masculine on a bicycling , with the sun beating down in the background , just launching off of a dirt ramp and is coming back down .	A professional mopeds rider performing tricks .
neutral	A male on a bike , with the sun beating down in the background , just start off of a filth ramp and is coming back down .	A professional motorbikes rider performing tricks .
neutral	A males on a bicycling , with the sun beating down in the background , just begun off of a filth ramp and is coming back down .	A professionals motorcycles rider performing tricks .
neutral	These are adolescents adults who seem to be working together to protection the plants surrounding the white pole .	The plant are ferns
neutral	These are children grownup who seem to be working together to protective the plants surrounding the white pole .	The plants are ferns
neutral	These are youth adult who seem to be working together to protection the plant surrounding the white pole .	The plant are ferns
neutral	A teens males wearing sunglasses is putting some fluid in a beaker while a children daughters wearing blue gloves looks down while holding a pen .	A science professors demonstrates how to blend the liquids as his youths pupils takes notes .
neutral	A minors man wearing goggles is putting some liquid in a beaker while a juvenile daughters wearing blue gloves looks down while holding a pen .	A sciences professors demonstrates how to blends the fluid as his youth schoolboys takes notes .
neutral	A youth males wearing glasses is putting some fluids in a beaker while a kids girls wearing blue gloves looks down while holding a pen .	A scientific professors demonstrates how to mix the liquid as his teenage pupil takes notes .
neutral	a kid play with two brooms in front of a pine tree with lights on it .	a kids plays exterior next to a xmas tree
neutral	a miner playing with two brooms in front of a pine tree with illumination on it .	a underage plays outboard next to a christmas tree
neutral	a children playing with two brooms in front of a pine trees with lights on it .	a youngsters plays outboard next to a xmas tree
neutral	Two people sitting on the sand .	There are two people at the beach .
neutral	Two people sitting on the sand .	There are two people at the beach .
neutral	Two people sitting on the sand .	There are two people at the beach .
neutral	A mens in a green shirt hover above the ground in the laundry room .	The men is cleanliness his garments .
neutral	A man in a green shirt hovers above the ground in the laundry room .	The masculine is cleanup his clothing .
neutral	A male in a green shirt hovers above the ground in the laundry rooms .	The males is cleanup his clothes .
neutral	A female in a black and white shirt is sitting in a chairs with an animated expression on her face .	A females in a negro and white shirt is sitting in a chairs with her eyes extensive opening .
neutral	A females in a negro and white shirt is sitting in a chairs with an animated expression on her face .	A woman in a negro and white shirt is sitting in a chair with her eyes wide open .
neutral	A women in a negro and white shirt is sitting in a chairs with an animated expression on her face .	A females in a black and white shirt is sitting in a chair with her eyes extensive openings .
neutral	Two musicians and a singer are on a stages performing a song .	The bands members are playing in a dimly lighted rooms .
neutral	Two musicians and a singer are on a stage performing a song .	The band members are playing in a dimly lit room .
neutral	Two musicians and a singer are on a stages performing a song .	The band members are playing in a dimly illuminated rooms .
neutral	In a small village a Man sets ships along the Swamp .	A male chasing crocodiles
neutral	In a little villages a Man sets navigator along the Swamp .	A mens chases crocodiles
neutral	In a little villages a Man sets explorer along the Swamp .	A males chasing crocodiles
neutral	A groups of soldiers march in a parade .	A panels of sad soldiers march in a parade .
neutral	A grouping of soldiers march in a parade .	A panels of sad soldiers march in a parade .
neutral	A panels of soldiers march in a parade .	A groups of sad soldiers march in a parade .
neutral	Two college football players fighting it out outdoors on the field during games day , where one is the quarterback trying to throw the ball , and the other player is in measure roughly to sack the quarterback .	Two teams from competitor universities are in the fourth quarter of a games .
neutral	Two colleges football players fight it out outdoors on the field during game day , where one is the quarterback trying to throw the ball , and the other player is in activity approximately to sack the quarterback .	Two teams from competitors university are in the fourth quarter of a game .
neutral	Two colleges football gamers fight it out outdoors on the field during games day , where one is the quarterback trying to throw the ball , and the other player is in activities about to sack the quarterback .	Two teams from rival university are in the fourth quarter of a games .
neutral	A boy in a red shirt is squatting in front of a circle of stones with a pot in the media .	A boy prepares a camp fire spot to make his dinner .
neutral	A boy in a red shirt is squatting in front of a circle of stones with a pot in the media .	A boy prepares a camp fire spot to make his dinner .
neutral	A boy in a red shirt is squatting in front of a circle of stones with a pot in the media .	A boy prepares a camp fire spot to make his dinner .
neutral	A woman rests her head on a male 's shoulder .	Woman resting her head on husband shoulder
neutral	A female rests her head on a man 's shoulder .	Woman resting her head on husband shoulder
neutral	A females rests her head on a mens 's shoulder .	Woman rest her head on husband shoulder
neutral	A mens with his finger in his mouth is standing outside of an RV .	The man owns the RV .
neutral	A men with his finger in his mouth is standing exterior of an RV .	The man owns the RV .
neutral	A man with his finger in his mouth is standing outdoor of an RV .	The male owns the RV .
neutral	Two children trying to wins a prize at a carnival .	The two youths youthful tried to throw the ball into the basket to win the vast bears .
neutral	Two youthful trying to wins a prizes at a carnival .	The two youths kids tried to throw the ball into the basket to wins the monumental bears .
neutral	Two juveniles trying to wins a prize at a carnival .	The two underage kids tried to throw the ball into the basket to won the large bears .
neutral	Two mens , in their later olds , one wearing a hat , the other wearing eyeglasses are fixing some sorted of machine .	The male are trying to fix a auto .
neutral	Two man , in their later years , one wearing a hat , the other wearing eyeglasses are fixing some kinds of machine .	The males are trying to fix a motors .
neutral	Two man , in their later years , one wearing a hat , the other wearing spectacles are fixing some kind of machine .	The man are trying to fix a vehicle .
neutral	Two petite boys are standing in a kitchen .	They are going to get something to eat .
neutral	Two small boys are standing in a kitchen .	They are going to get something to eat .
neutral	Two petite boys are standing in a kitchen .	They are going to get something to eat .
neutral	A teenagers in a jeans jacket and shorts holding up a white frock as another darker-skinned miners looks at it .	a teens likes the dress
neutral	A miners in a jeans jacket and shorts holding up a white garb as another darker-skinned teenagers looks at it .	a miner likes the dress
neutral	A juveniles in a jeans jacket and shorts holding up a white frock as another darker-skinned minor looks at it .	a child likes the dress
neutral	A men laughing while at a restaurant .	A masculine laugh while at a restaurant eating .
neutral	A mens laughing while at a restaurant .	A man laughing while at a restaurant eating .
neutral	A mens laugh while at a restaurant .	A males laugh while at a restaurant eating .
neutral	People sitting on benches in a public zone .	There are people sitting on benches outdoors conversation to each other .
neutral	People sitting on benches in a public zone .	There are people sitting on benches outdoors discussions to each other .
neutral	People sitting on benches in a public sphere .	There are people sitting on benches outdoors talking to each other .
neutral	A panels of females around a table to fabric .	The woman are fraternity sisters .
neutral	A panels of women around a tables to fabric .	The women are frat sisters .
neutral	A panel of women around a tables to fabric .	The women are sorority sisters .
neutral	Two people are play American Football and one of them is trying to stop the other from throwing the ball .	A lineman is trying to tackle the quarterback prior he makes the games win touchdown .
neutral	Two people are play American Football and one of them is trying to stop the other from throwing the ball .	A lineman is trying to tackle the quarterback avant he makes the games won touchdown .
neutral	Two people are play American Football and one of them is trying to stopping the other from throwing the ball .	A lineman is trying to tackle the quarterback prior he makes the games winning touchdown .
neutral	A man is giving a presentation .	the man is a farmer
neutral	A men is giving a presentations .	the men is a farmer
neutral	A male is giving a presentation .	the masculine is a farmer
neutral	A boy scout with a red caps is search through a telescope	The boyscout looks through a telescopes at the clear overnight skies .
neutral	A boy scouting with a red ceiling is searches through a telescope	The boyscout looks through a telescopes at the clear night skies .
neutral	A boy scouts with a red chaps is searching through a telescope	The boyscout looks through a telescopes at the clear nightly skies .
neutral	An elders men in a printed shirt , smoker on a busy street .	A man is smoker a cigar .
neutral	An senior man in a printed shirt , smokes on a busy street .	A man is cigarettes a cigar .
neutral	An elder men in a printed shirt , smokers on a busy street .	A mens is smoker a cigar .
neutral	A men touch a hanging strand of lamp .	A men reaches out to a strand of multicolored lamps .
neutral	A male touch a hanging strand of lamppost .	A men reaches out to a strand of multicolored lamps .
neutral	A male touch a hanging strand of lamppost .	A mens reaches out to a strand of multicolored lamp .
neutral	In front of a brick house with a straw roof and some numbers , three miner stand , two of them holding squares of chalkboard .	The youths are doing schoolwork on the negro boards
neutral	In front of a brick housing with a straw roof and some digit , three minor stand , two of them holding squares of blackboard .	The youthful are doing schoolwork on the negro boards
neutral	In front of a brick homes with a straw roof and some numbers , three adolescence stand , two of them holding square of blackboard .	The teens are doing schoolwork on the black boards
neutral	A men wearing dark jeans , an orange shirt , and an orange apron is next to a bunch of plant and flowers and a woman with a blue top .	The females is the mens 's wife .
neutral	A men wearing dark jeans , an orange shirt , and an orange apron is next to a bunch of plants and flower and a women with a blue top .	The female is the mens 's wife .
neutral	A males wearing dark jeans , an orange shirt , and an orange apron is next to a bunch of plants and flowering and a women with a blue top .	The woman is the male 's wife .
neutral	A choir made up of different ages of people are performing .	The choir is doing a Christmas agenda .
neutral	A choir made up of several ages of people are performing .	The choir is doing a Christmas programmes .
neutral	A choir made up of diverse ages of people are performing .	The choir is doing a Christmas programme .
neutral	A view of bicyclists on a city street , riding in both directions , with red reflective safety cones splitting the two lanes .	The routes is in China .
neutral	A view of bicyclists on a town street , riding in both directions , with red reflective safety cones dividing the two lane .	The road is in China .
neutral	A view of bicyclists on a town street , riding in both directions , with red reflective safety cones splits the two lane .	The path is in China .
neutral	A man play billiards at a bar .	A man is play with friends .
neutral	A man playing billiards at a bar .	A masculine is play with friends .
neutral	A males playing billiards at a bar .	A masculine is playing with friends .
neutral	A teenage female in a black skirt and boots walks by stores .	A miners women is on a shopping traveling .
neutral	A child woman in a negro skirt and boots walks by storage .	A youth females is on a shopping trip .
neutral	A adolescence female in a black skirt and boots walks by stores .	A juveniles women is on a shopping trip .
neutral	A mens shoveling snowy off the roof of a building .	A adolescents masculine working in the snow .
neutral	A males shoveling snowy off the roof of a building .	A youngsters man working in the snow .
neutral	A mens shoveling snowy off the roof of a building .	A teenage man working in the snowy .
neutral	Children playing a videotapes game together .	The teen are having fun together .
neutral	Children playing a video games together .	The juvenile are having fun together .
neutral	Children playing a videotapes games together .	The youth are having fun together .
neutral	There are teenagers playing in the snowy and one of them is making a snowball .	Two sibling have a snowball fights .
neutral	There are teenager play in the snowy and one of them is making a snowball .	Two siblings have a snowball struggles .
neutral	There are youthful play in the snowy and one of them is making a snowball .	Two sibling have a snowball tussle .
neutral	A masculine in an orange jacket reaches under a busted up blue vehicular on timber supports .	A masculine is repairing a vehicle .
neutral	A male in an orange jacket reaches under a busted up blue vehicles on woods supports .	A masculine is repairs a autos .
neutral	A mens in an orange jacket reaches under a busted up blue auto on timber supports .	A males is repairs a automobiles .
neutral	People walking along the beach on a sunny day .	a married couple and their teenager walk along the beach .
neutral	People walking along the beach on a sunny day .	a married couple and their kid walk along the beach .
neutral	People walking along the beach on a sunny day .	a marriage couple and their minors walk along the beach .
neutral	A panels of people , one of which is a women with a enormous white and colorful bag , wait to board a overwhelming white and blue bus .	The people are wait outside of an airfield to board the bus .
neutral	A groups of people , one of which is a women with a immense white and colorful purse , waiting to board a big white and blue bus .	The people are wait outdoor of an airfield to board the bus .
neutral	A grouping of people , one of which is a female with a large white and colorful backpack , waiting to board a huge white and blue bus .	The people are wait outdoor of an airfield to board the bus .
neutral	Two construction workers talk while looking at a Naval examining .	The workers are on break .
neutral	Two construction workers talk while looking at a Naval investigating .	The workers are on break .
neutral	Two construction workers talk while quest at a Naval studied .	The workers are on break .
neutral	Two construction workers talk while searches at a Naval ship .	The workers are close to the water .
neutral	Two construction workers talk while searches at a Naval survey .	The workers are close to the water .
neutral	Two construction workers talk while quest at a Naval yachting .	The workers are close to the water .
neutral	A panel of boys playing street soccer .	A team is play street soccer .
neutral	A panel of boys playing street soccer .	A team is playing street soccer .
neutral	A panels of boys play street soccer .	A team is play street soccer .
neutral	A golden dog passes a blue ball to another golden dog on the beach .	The dogs are friends .
neutral	A golden dog passes a blue ball to another golden dog on the beach .	The dogs are friends .
neutral	A golden dog passes a blue ball to another golden dog on the beach .	The dogs are friends .
neutral	A rally in a diverse countries .	A heavy rallying in a assorted countries .
neutral	A rallying in a many country .	A large rallying in a many country .
neutral	A rally in a multiple countries .	A big rallying in a multiple country .
neutral	A man in a blue shirt is performing a skateboard ploy near stiars while two other mens watch .	A tall persons in shirt
neutral	A male in a blue shirt is performing a skateboard trick near stiars while two other male watch .	A tall persons in shirt
neutral	A mens in a blue shirt is performing a skateboarding trick near stiars while two other masculine watch .	A tall person in shirt
neutral	A musician play a guitar while he has the mics inner his mouth .	The male is in a heavy metal band .
neutral	A musician playing a guitar while he has the microphone inside his mouth .	The men is in a enormous metallic band .
neutral	A musician play a guitar while he has the mics inland his mouth .	The male is in a monumental metallic band .
neutral	A smaller in a maroon shirt playing next to a fountain .	The children is getting wet from the fountain .
neutral	A adolescent in a maroon shirt play next to a fountain .	The youth is getting wet from the fountain .
neutral	A minor in a maroon shirt playing next to a fountain .	The adolescents is getting wet from the fountain .
neutral	A males wearing a welder mask working on a duct .	The masculine is kneeling down .
neutral	A male wearing a welder mask working on a duct .	The men is kneeling down .
neutral	A men wearing a weld mask working on a duct .	The mens is kneeling down .
neutral	A mens wearing a soldering mask working on a duct .	The male 's head is partially obscured .
neutral	A men wearing a welding mask working on a duct .	The males 's head is partly obscured .
neutral	A males wearing a weld mask working on a duct .	The men 's head is partially obscured .
neutral	A masculine in a red muscle shirt poses for a photographer beside a stone building whilst other people pass by .	the man is a model
neutral	A man in a red muscle shirt poses for a photographs beside a stone building whilst other people pass by .	the men is a model
neutral	A males in a red muscle shirt poses for a photograph beside a stone building whilst other people pass by .	the mens is a model
neutral	A masculine and wife stand at the alterations as they get marries .	A men and female are getting eloped
neutral	A man and wife stand at the shift as they get married .	A male and women are getting eloped
neutral	A masculine and wife stand at the changing as they get marriage .	A male and female are getting eloped
neutral	Someone splashing in the water .	The female splashes as she tries to keep from drowning in the river .
neutral	Someone splashing in the water .	The woman splashes as she tries to maintaining from drowning in the river .
neutral	Someone splashing in the water .	The female splashes as she tries to retaining from drowning in the river .
neutral	People are on an escalator wait to get to their destination while search outboard of the glass that makes up the wall .	The people are going up on the escalator .
neutral	People are on an escalator waiting to get to their destination while searches exterior of the glass that makes up the wall .	The people are going up on the escalator .
neutral	People are on an escalator wait to get to their destination while search exterior of the glass that makes up the wall .	The people are going up on the escalator .
neutral	Two person are walking on the streets .	The two people are talking approximately the weather .
neutral	Two individuals are walking on the streets .	The two people are talking roughly the weather .
neutral	Two individuals are walking on the streets .	The two people are conversation roughly the weather .
neutral	A boy attired in an orange shirt and a helmet is riding a dirt bicycles in the timber .	A boy in orange rides his father dirt cycle .
neutral	A boy dressed in an orange shirt and a helmet is riding a filth bikes in the timber .	A boy in orange rides his father dirt motorcycle .
neutral	A boy attired in an orange shirt and a helmet is riding a filth cycling in the wood .	A boy in orange rides his father dirt cycling .
neutral	3 motorcyclists are race ahead of a red BMW , with the leader wearing robust white helmet and black motorcycle pants	Cyclists are in a racing on the part of the course that is on the interstate .
neutral	3 cyclists are errand ahead of a red BMW , with the leader wearing robust white helmet and black motorbikes pants	Cyclists are in a race on the part of the course that is on the expressway .
neutral	3 cyclists are errand ahead of a red BMW , with the leader wearing robust white helmet and negro cyclist pants	Cyclists are in a races on the portion of the course that is on the freeway .
neutral	Man straining to climbing cliff face .	Man reaching up to safe a handhold on the cliff face .
neutral	Man straining to climb cliff face .	Man reaching up to safe a handhold on the cliff face .
neutral	Man straining to climbing cliff face .	Man reaching up to safe a handhold on the cliff face .
neutral	A female with a pink purse walks down a crowded pavement .	A female escapes a from a unfriendly enviroment
neutral	A female with a pink purse walks down a crowded sidewalk .	A female escapes a from a hostile enviroment
neutral	A women with a pink satchel walks down a crowded sidewalk .	A females escapes a from a hostile enviroment
neutral	A women with a pink wallets walks down a crowded pavement .	The crowd walks around a woman
neutral	A woman with a pink pockets walks down a crowded sidewalk .	The crowd walks around a woman
neutral	A women with a pink knapsack walks down a crowded sidewalk .	The crowd walks around a woman
neutral	A mens conversations into a mics with a woman standing next to him .	The women is sitting in the chairs next to the podium .
neutral	A men conversation into a mics with a females standing next to him .	The females is sitting in the chair next to the podium .
neutral	A male talking into a mics with a females standing next to him .	The women is sitting in the chair next to the podium .
neutral	A men conversation into a microphone with a female standing next to him .	There are people giving a speech at the fair .
neutral	A masculine conversations into a microphone with a woman standing next to him .	There are people giving a speeches at the fair .
neutral	A males discussions into a mics with a woman standing next to him .	There are people giving a speech at the fair .
neutral	A masculine conversation into a microphone with a female standing next to him .	Two people are standing beside each other .
neutral	A mens discussions into a microphone with a women standing next to him .	Two people are standing beside each other .
neutral	A mens conversation into a mics with a females standing next to him .	Two people are standing beside each other .
neutral	A males reads the paper in a bar with green illumination .	The masculine is reading the sportspage .
neutral	A man reads the paper in a bar with green lights .	The men is reading the sportspage .
neutral	A men reads the paper in a bar with green illumination .	The man is reading the sportspage .
neutral	A boy and a daughters sit at a negro table , while a second boy sits near them on a windowsill .	There are boys and girls sitting at a table play games
neutral	A boy and a daughter sit at a negro tables , while a seconds boy sits near them on a windowsill .	There are boys and girls sitting at a tables playing games
neutral	A boy and a girls sit at a negro tables , while a seconds boy sits near them on a windowsill .	There are boys and daughter sitting at a table play games
neutral	A male with his arm around a females .	The female and men are smiling .
neutral	A male with his arm around a women .	The female and mens are smiling .
neutral	A man with his arm around a women .	The female and men are smiling .
neutral	Two men are sitting on a couch .	Two male are watching TV on a couch .
neutral	Two men are sitting on a couch .	Two man are watching TV on a couch .
neutral	Two man are sitting on a couch .	Two man are watching TV on a couch .
neutral	A female is weaving with a comb in her hand .	A female is at work .
neutral	A females is weaving with a comb in her hand .	A woman is at work .
neutral	A female is weaving with a comb in her hand .	A women is at work .
neutral	A youths male holding a mics and sung .	A miner man is doing karaoke in a bar .
neutral	A juveniles mens holding a mics and sing .	A adolescent male is doing karaoke in a bar .
neutral	A teen males holding a microphone and sing .	A youngsters man is doing karaoke in a bar .
neutral	A brown and negro dog rubs his face in the grass .	The dog 's nose itches .
neutral	A brown and black dog rubs his face in the grass .	The dog 's nose itches .
neutral	A brown and black dog rubs his face in the grass .	The dog 's nose itches .
neutral	A chef explains varied varieties of Tomatoes to consumers .	He knows a lot approximately tomatos .
neutral	A chef explains many varieties of Tomatoes to consumers .	He knows a batch approximately tomatos .
neutral	A chef explains assorted varieties of Tomatoes to consumers .	He knows a lot roughly tomatos .
neutral	A chef explains differing varieties of Tomatoes to consumers .	He likes to cooks .
neutral	A chef explains multiple varieties of Tomatoes to consumers .	He likes to cooks .
neutral	A chef explains numerous varieties of Tomatoes to consumers .	He likes to cooking .
neutral	A worker is on a cherry picker in a palm trees .	A person is trimming a trees .
neutral	A worker is on a cherry picker in a palm tree .	A individuals is trimming a tree .
neutral	A worker is on a cherry picker in a palm trees .	A persons is trim a tree .
neutral	A worker is on a cherry picker in a palm trees .	A worker falls out of a trees .
neutral	A worker is on a cherry picker in a palm trees .	A worker falls out of a trees .
neutral	A worker is on a cherry picker in a palm tree .	A worker falls out of a trees .
neutral	A man clothed in a blue shirt , tan shorts , and a red baseball caps is vessels a red aging vehicles with an U.S. flag attached in the rear .	A restored motor being exams by a potential buyer .
neutral	A males clothed in a blue shirt , tan shorts , and a red baseball chaps is explorer a red seniors vehicles with an U.S. flag attach in the rear .	A restored auto being review by a potential buyer .
neutral	A masculine attired in a blue shirt , tan shorts , and a red baseball chap is survey a red seniors cars with an U.S. flag attached in the rear .	A restored autos being examination by a potential buyer .
neutral	Two masculine in punk-style garments stand in front of a wall .	Two males standing in front of a wall search for trouble .
neutral	Two mens in punk-style apparel stand in front of a wall .	Two masculine standing in front of a wall quest for trouble .
neutral	Two mens in punk-style sportswear stand in front of a wall .	Two mens standing in front of a wall searches for trouble .
neutral	Two men have an after dinner discussion at the dinner table .	the man are partners
neutral	Two man have an after dinner discussion at the dinner tables .	the man are partners
neutral	Two men have an after dinner discussion at the dinner table .	the masculine are partners
neutral	A daughters with a bowing throwing a wet sponge .	The girll is playing a game .
neutral	A girls with a bowing throwing a wet sponge .	The girll is playing a game .
neutral	A daughters with a bowing throwing a wet sponge .	The girll is play a game .
neutral	A masculine in a blue helmet is riding his biking .	The masculine speeding along the street .
neutral	A masculine in a blue helmet is riding his bicycles .	The mens speed along the street .
neutral	A male in a blue helmet is riding his cycle .	The men speeding along the street .
neutral	A boy is riding down the pathway between two cattle .	A boy rides a horse by two cattle .
neutral	A boy is riding down the road between two cattle .	A boy rides a horse by two cattle .
neutral	A boy is riding down the routes between two cows .	A boy rides a equestrian by two cows .
neutral	A daughters and a boy hugging on a bridge	Boyfriend and girlfriend hugging each other .
neutral	A girl and a boy hugging on a bridge	Boyfriend and girlfriend hugging each other .
neutral	A daughter and a boy hugging on a bridge	Boyfriend and girlfriend hugging each other .
neutral	A small daughters has her firearm around a little boy standing on a lumber bridge in the wooden .	The petite boy is hitting the daughters .
neutral	A little daughter has her rifles around a petite boy standing on a lumber bridge in the wooden .	The little boy is hitting the daughters .
neutral	A small daughters has her rifles around a small boy standing on a wooden bridge in the wooden .	The small boy is hitting the daughters .
neutral	A petite daughter has her gunpoint around a little boy standing on a wooden bridge in the lumber .	The small daughter is consoling the boy .
neutral	A petite daughters has her firearms around a little boy standing on a wood bridge in the wooden .	The petite girl is consoling the boy .
neutral	A little girls has her pistols around a small boy standing on a wooden bridges in the woods .	The small daughter is consoling the boy .
neutral	The gentleman with the red plaid shirt and negro slacks is speaking to a young lady holding a blue folders .	The adolescence lady that the gentlemen is speaking to is his girl .
neutral	The gentlemen with the red scottish shirt and black trousers is speaking to a teen lady holding a blue folder .	The teenage lady that the gentlemen is speaking to is his daughters .
neutral	The gentleman with the red scotsman shirt and black slacks is speaking to a underage lady holding a blue folders .	The miner dame that the gentlemen is speaking to is his girls .
neutral	A juggler wearing a scotland kilt and a green shirt , juggling .	A individuals juggles balls in a kilt .
neutral	A juggler wearing a whisky kilt and a green shirt , juggling .	A individuals juggles balls in a kilt .
neutral	A juggler wearing a whiskey kilt and a green shirt , juggling .	A person juggles balls in a kilt .
neutral	A masculine in a green shirt and a red kilt is juggling three clubs .	A male in a shirt juggles thee clubs and an apple .
neutral	A men in a green shirt and a red kilt is juggling three clubs .	A man in a shirt juggles thee clubs and an apple .
neutral	A males in a green shirt and a red kilt is juggling three clubs .	A male in a shirt juggles thee clubs and an apple .
neutral	Am male riding a very tall moped down the street , past a large brick building .	A clown rides a tall motorcycles in a parade .
neutral	Am mens riding a very tall motorbike down the street , past a big brick building .	A clown rides a tall mopeds in a parade .
neutral	Am male riding a very tall cyclist down the street , past a immense brick building .	A clown rides a tall motorcycle in a parade .
neutral	Several people are laying on the floor sleeping cover by blankets .	A party has just ended
neutral	Several people are laying on the floor sleeping cover by blankets .	A party has just ended
neutral	Several people are laying on the floor slumber covered by blankets .	A parties has just ended
neutral	Several people are laying on the floor slumber covered by blankets .	A group of people tussle in their dreams
neutral	Several people are laying on the floor sleep covered by blankets .	A panel of people fighting in their dreams
neutral	Several people are laying on the floor slept cover by blankets .	A panel of people struggles in their dreams
neutral	A teenaged females playing hopscotch .	A daughters is teaching her friends how to playing hopsotch outdoor .
neutral	A adolescents women play hopscotch .	A daughters is teaching her friends how to play hopsotch outside .
neutral	A kids women playing hopscotch .	A girls is teaching her friends how to play hopsotch exterior .
neutral	A boy in a red jacket and balck hat sliding on his knees down a snowy hill	A teenagers is play on christmas .
neutral	A boy in a red jacket and balck hat sliding on his knees down a snow hill	A kids is playing on xmas .
neutral	A boy in a red jacket and balck hat sliding on his knees down a snowy hill	A teenaged is play on xmas .
neutral	A musician play his violin .	The violinist is on stages with other musicians .
neutral	A musician playing his violin .	The fiddler is on stages with other musicians .
neutral	A musician playing his violin .	The fiddler is on stages with other musicians .
neutral	A birthday party for varied small people to enjoy .	Children enjoying a birthday party .
neutral	A birthday parties for several petite people to enjoy .	Children enjoying a birthday party .
neutral	A birthday parties for varied small people to enjoy .	Children enjoying a birthday parties .
neutral	Boy in red and negro shirt walks through grass .	The boy is going to school .
neutral	Boy in red and black shirt walks through grass .	The boy is going to school .
neutral	Boy in red and black shirt walks through grass .	The boy is going to school .
neutral	A guy in a yellow shirt performs a balancing act on a teach chain near a canals .	A males is performing a balances trick over a hefty channel in Venice .
neutral	A guy in a yellow shirt performs a balances act on a taught chain near a channel .	A men is performing a balances ploy over a enormous channel in Venice .
neutral	A guy in a yellow shirt performs a balance act on a taught strings near a channel .	A male is performing a balancing ploy over a overwhelming canal in Venice .
neutral	A mens sits outdoors with some of his belongings .	A mens is homeless .
neutral	A mens sits outdoors with some of his belongings .	A male is homeless .
neutral	A man sits outdoors with some of his belongings .	A mens is homeless .
neutral	Young boy smiles at the camera from the tire swing .	He is barefoot .
neutral	Young boy smiles at the camera from the tire swing .	He is barefoot .
neutral	Young boy smiles at the camera from the tires swing .	He is barefoot .
neutral	Young Asian male teenager either tobacco something or its an instrument .	A underage is Asian and American .
neutral	Young Asian male underage either smoked something or its an instrument .	A miners is Asian and American .
neutral	Young Asian men teenaged either smoke something or its an instrument .	A underage is Asian and American .
neutral	A birthday parties for myriad little people to enjoy .	Children at a birthday parties .
neutral	A birthday party for myriad little people to enjoy .	Children at a birthday parties .
neutral	A birthday party for myriad petite people to enjoy .	Children at a birthday party .
neutral	A females in a bright pink jacket and jeans , with two juveniles youth , also in blazers , is on the deck of a browse using a telescope to look out to seas .	A women has a bright light pink jacket .
neutral	A women in a bright pink jacket and jeans , with two juvenile youths , also in blazers , is on the deck of a sailboat using a telescopes to look out to sea .	A women has a bright light pink jacket .
neutral	A females in a bright pink jacket and jeans , with two teenage youngsters , also in jackets , is on the deck of a navigating using a telescopes to look out to sea .	A females has a bright light pink jacket .
neutral	A dark-haired man is smiling while in a storage unit while four other males stand outside the unit watching .	Four males are making sure that the masculine in the storage unit stays put .
neutral	A dark-haired male is smiling while in a storage unit while four other masculine stand outside the unit watching .	Four man are making sure that the masculine in the storage unit stays put .
neutral	A dark-haired male is smiling while in a stores unit while four other masculine stand outboard the unit watching .	Four mens are making sure that the males in the storage unit stays put .
neutral	A panel of women sings together while wearing match negro dresses .	A panels of woman sings on stage at the concert .
neutral	A groups of woman sings together while wearing match black dresses .	A group of women sing on stage at the concert .
neutral	A panels of woman sung together while wearing match negro dresses .	A panels of females sung on stage at the concert .
neutral	An sportsman females in a grey top and negro shorts , seems very focuses on her rollerblading .	woman going to park
neutral	An sporting woman in a grey top and black shorts , seems very focuses on her rollerblading .	woman going to park
neutral	An sports woman in a gray top and black shorts , seems very focus on her rollerblading .	woman going to park
neutral	There are multiple asian people , one wearing a baseball cap .	There are many people attending a baseball game .
neutral	There are numerous asia people , one wearing a baseball cap .	There are differing people attending a baseball game .
neutral	There are various asian people , one wearing a baseball chaps .	There are varied people attending a baseball game .
neutral	Two dogs in a grassy field .	Two dogs are play outer .
neutral	Two dogs in a grassy field .	Two dogs are playing outside .
neutral	Two dogs in a grassy field .	Two dogs are playing outer .
neutral	A mens and woman talk to another women , all search concerned , in a rooms being decorated with streamers and balloons .	Some people are throwing a surprise birthday parties .
neutral	A masculine and female talk to another woman , all search concerned , in a rooms being decorated with banners and balloons .	Some people are throwing a surprise birthday party .
neutral	A males and female talk to another females , all looking concerned , in a room being decorated with streamers and balloons .	Some people are throwing a surprise birthday party .
neutral	A male and female talk to another female , all search concerned , in a room being decorated with banners and balloons .	Some people are throwing a parties .
neutral	A mens and female talk to another woman , all quest concerned , in a rooms being decorated with streamers and balloons .	Some people are throwing a party .
neutral	A masculine and woman talk to another women , all searching concerned , in a rooms being decorated with banners and balloons .	Some people are throwing a parties .
neutral	Three friends are conversation .	Three people have drinks in their hand .
neutral	Three friends are conversation .	Three people have beverages in their hand .
neutral	Three friends are conversation .	Three people have beverages in their hand .
neutral	A mens in a white t-shirt is holding a pair of glasses .	A masculine is shopping .
neutral	A man in a white t-shirt is holding a pair of spectacles .	A man is shopping .
neutral	A men in a white t-shirt is holding a pair of spectacles .	A masculine is shopping .
neutral	A miner young boy in a blue and white striped coat gives a frail smile while walking with four other daughters .	the boy is fifteen
neutral	A child youthful boy in a blue and white striped coat gives a weak smile while walking with four other girl .	the boy is fifteen
neutral	A youngsters youth boy in a blue and white striped coat gives a weak smile while walking with four other girls .	the boy is fifteen
neutral	A dog carries an object in the snowy .	A dog is carry a stick in the snow .
neutral	A dog carries an object in the snow .	A dog is carry a stick in the snowy .
neutral	A dog carries an object in the snow .	A dog is carry a stick in the snowy .
neutral	There are five singers on a stage , three woman and two man .	The people performing are portion of a chorus .
neutral	There are five singers on a stages , three females and two mens .	The people performing are part of a chorus .
neutral	There are five singers on a stages , three female and two males .	The people performing are part of a chorus .
neutral	Two masculine and one women with blond-hair walk through a gate with barbed cables on top .	A families is walking through a gate .
neutral	Two men and one women with blond-hair walk through a gate with barbed cables on top .	A families is walking through a door .
neutral	Two males and one woman with blond-hair walk through a door with barbed cables on top .	A families is walking through a gate .
neutral	Little girl with very curly hairstyle drinking her cup of juice .	A daughters with curly hairstyle is drinking through a straw .
neutral	Little girl with very curly hairstyle drinking her cup of juice .	A daughters with curly hair is drinking through a straw .
neutral	Little girl with very curly hair drinking her cup of juice .	A daughter with curly hairstyle is drinking through a straw .
neutral	A music concerto is happening on stage , with the lighting on spot , while the audience listens in the dark .	The concert is being held at nighttime .
neutral	A music concerto is happening on stages , with the lighting on spot , while the audience listens in the dark .	The concert is being held at overnight .
neutral	A music concerto is happening on stages , with the illumination on spot , while the audience listens in the dark .	The concert is being held at night .
neutral	Two boys interior a fencing jump in the airliner while holding a basketball .	Two boys jump with excitement .
neutral	Two boys interior a fences leap in the airliner while holding a basketball .	Two boys leap with excitement .
neutral	Two boys inner a fences leap in the airlines while holding a basketball .	Two boys leap with excitement .
neutral	Children play in a shallow pool next to a jumbo photos of a daughters 's face .	The juveniles can all swimming .
neutral	Children playing in a shallow pool next to a gigantic picture of a daughter 's face .	The kid can all swimming .
neutral	Children playing in a shallow pool next to a hefty photography of a daughters 's face .	The adolescence can all swim .
neutral	A boy and girl children swing together on a swing set .	A brother and sister are playing on a swing set .
neutral	A boy and girls miner swing together on a swing set .	A brother and sister are playing on a swing set .
neutral	A boy and girls smaller swing together on a swing set .	A brother and sister are playing on a swing set .
neutral	Two male are standing in a survey .	A few males are fishing on a probing .
neutral	Two mens are standing in a explore .	A few mens are fishing on a study .
neutral	Two mens are standing in a studied .	A few man are fishing on a investigating .
neutral	Two hussars sit perched on horses , attired in extravagant ceremonial wear , each holding a sabre in their right hand , reigns to the equestrian in their left .	There are professionals riders at a ceremonies .
neutral	Two hussars sit perched on horses , clothed in extravagant ceremonial wear , each holding a sabre in their right hand , reigns to the equestrian in their left .	There are professionals riders at a ceremonies .
neutral	Two hussars sit perched on horses , dressed in extravagant ceremonial wear , each holding a saber in their right hand , reigns to the horse in their left .	There are professionals riders at a ceremonies .
neutral	A male in a bright yellow shirt juggles while riding a unicycle .	Clown entertains people at a birthday parties .
neutral	A men in a bright yellow shirt juggles while riding a unicycle .	Clown entertains people at a birthday party .
neutral	A mens in a bright yellow shirt juggles while riding a unicycle .	Clown entertains people at a birthday parties .
neutral	two masculine are seen conversation , one male wears pink and another is athletes a t-shirt for summer school 60th anniversary .	Two older mens talk at a families reuniting .
neutral	two male are seen discussions , one mens wears pink and another is sports a t-shirt for summer school 60th anniversary .	Two older mens talk at a family reunion .
neutral	two man are seen talking , one males wears pink and another is sport a t-shirt for summer school 60th anniversary .	Two senior males talk at a families reunion .
neutral	a masculine puts his hands up while telling an amusing stories to his friend with a beard .	The mens is perplexed by the event .
neutral	a masculine puts his hands up while telling an amusing tales to his friend with a beard .	The man is perplexed by the events .
neutral	a men puts his hands up while telling an amusing tale to his friend with a beard .	The men is perplexed by the event .
neutral	A female in a low cut blue shirt is in a crowded rooms that looks smokey .	Someone is in a bar .
neutral	A females in a low chop blue shirt is in a crowded room that looks smokey .	Someone is in a bar .
neutral	A woman in a low cut blue shirt is in a crowded room that looks smokey .	Someone is in a bar .
neutral	Three puppies are in the restroom being sprayed with water by a person .	Three puppies are in the bathroom being sprayed with water by the vet .
neutral	Three puppies are in the bathhouse being sprayed with water by a person .	Three puppies are in the bathroom being sprayed with water by the vet .
neutral	Three puppies are in the bathhouse being sprayed with water by a individuals .	Three puppies are in the bathhouse being sprayed with water by the vet .
neutral	Two people are standing at the end of a wood wharf .	Men fishing from a long wood wharf .
neutral	Two people are standing at the ends of a wood wharf .	Men fishing from a long woods wharf .
neutral	Two people are standing at the ends of a wood dock .	Men fishing from a long timber dock .
neutral	Two people are standing at the end of a wooden dock .	Women searches at the lake from the dock .
neutral	Two people are standing at the ends of a wood dock .	Women looking at the lake from the dock .
neutral	Two people are standing at the end of a woods dock .	Women search at the lake from the wharf .
neutral	A men in a button up shirt with a black shirt underneath presents in front of a tv .	A male prepares to give a speeches for a televisions audience .
neutral	A males in a button up shirt with a black shirt underneath presents in front of a televisions .	A masculine prepares to give a speeches for a tvs audience .
neutral	A mens in a button up shirt with a black shirt underneath presents in front of a tvs .	A male prepares to give a speech for a television audience .
neutral	A speaker is discussions with a TV in the background .	There is a live bear in the background .
neutral	A speaker is conversation with a TV in the background .	There is a live bears in the background .
neutral	A speaker is discussions with a TV in the background .	There is a live bear in the background .
neutral	A speaker is talking with a TV in the background .	The tvs volume is turned on low .
neutral	A speaker is conversations with a TV in the background .	The tvs volume is turned on low .
neutral	A speaker is conversations with a TV in the background .	The television volume is turned on low .
neutral	A masculine standing on a street with a luggage in front of him while another masculine bends down to look at what is displayed on top of it .	One men shows the ransom cash to the other .
neutral	A men standing on a street with a baggage in front of him while another males bends down to look at what is displayed on top of it .	One men shows the ransom funding to the other .
neutral	A males standing on a street with a baggage in front of him while another man bends down to look at what is displayed on top of it .	One men shows the ransom monetary to the other .
neutral	The man is taking a photos of the beach .	the masculine is a photographer
neutral	The males is taking a photographer of the beach .	the men is a photographer
neutral	The man is taking a image of the beach .	the men is a photographer
neutral	In an apparent classroom setting , a juvenile mens in a blue t-shirt has a book on his knee while a women clothed in negro next to him leans in to point out something in the book .	The man and women are collaborated .
neutral	In an apparent classroom setting , a children males in a blue t-shirt has a book on his knee while a female attired in negro next to him leans in to point out something in the book .	The male and females are collaborate .
neutral	In an apparent classroom setting , a children male in a blue t-shirt has a book on his knee while a female dressed in negro next to him leans in to point out something in the book .	The males and females are cooperating .
neutral	In an apparent classroom setting , a teenaged man in a blue t-shirt has a book on his knee while a female clothed in negro next to him leans in to point out something in the book .	They are in college .
neutral	In an apparent classroom setting , a teens masculine in a blue t-shirt has a book on his knee while a women clothed in negro next to him leans in to point out something in the book .	They are in academic .
neutral	In an apparent classroom setting , a adolescent male in a blue t-shirt has a book on his knee while a females dressed in black next to him leans in to point out something in the book .	They are in university .
neutral	lady in black skirt is getting excited .	A lady is excited after winning a competitions .
neutral	lady in black skirt is getting excited .	A lady is excited after win a contest .
neutral	lady in negro skirt is getting excited .	A lady is excited after wins a competitions .
neutral	A masculine wearing a wife-beater sing into a mics as a blue light shines on him .	A man sung a love song to the audience .
neutral	A mens wearing a wife-beater sung into a microphone as a blue light shines on him .	A males singing a love song to the audience .
neutral	A mens wearing a wife-beater singing into a mics as a blue light shines on him .	A men sung a love song to the audience .
neutral	Two man holding a Chinese lamp that 's yellow and red , one men has a drilling and the other is smiling .	A father and sons hold a Chinese lamp and prepare to hang it up .
neutral	Two men holding a Chinese lamppost that 's yellow and red , one masculine has a drilling and the other is smiling .	A father and son hold a Chinese lamps and prepare to hang it up .
neutral	Two man holding a Chinese lamps that 's yellow and red , one men has a drilling and the other is smiling .	A fathers and sons hold a Chinese lamppost and prepare to hang it up .
neutral	Two girl are sitting on a park bench one is looking at her phones and the other is searching on .	The girls is studying reddit on her telephone .
neutral	Two daughters are sitting on a park bench one is search at her telephone and the other is search on .	The daughter is studies reddit on her phone .
neutral	Two girl are sitting on a park bench one is search at her telephones and the other is quest on .	The girls is examine reddit on her telephone .
neutral	A men in a black shirt working on a guitar .	A guy working on his bass guitar .
neutral	A mens in a black shirt working on a guitar .	A guy working on his bass guitar .
neutral	A man in a negro shirt working on a guitar .	A guy working on his bass guitar .
neutral	A men in the pail of a chery-picker cuts down branches using a chainsaw at the ends of a lengthy poles .	A mens is working in the sun .
neutral	A male in the pail of a chery-picker cuts down branches using a chainsaw at the end of a long pole .	A men is working in the sun .
neutral	A men in the pail of a chery-picker cuts down branches using a chainsaw at the ends of a lengthy poles .	A males is working in the sun .
neutral	Two girls in winter blazers , knitted hats , and glvoes are outdoor in the snowy .	The girl are covered head to toe .
neutral	Two girls in winter jackets , knitting hats , and glvoes are outdoor in the snow .	The girls are cover head to toe .
neutral	Two daughter in winter jackets , knitted hats , and glvoes are exterior in the snowy .	The daughter are cover head to toe .
neutral	Two girls in winter blazers , knitting hats , and glvoes are exterior in the snowy .	The daughter are building a snowman .
neutral	Two girls in winter blazers , knit hats , and glvoes are outboard in the snowy .	The girls are building a snowman .
neutral	Two daughter in winter jerseys , knitted hats , and glvoes are outdoor in the snow .	The girls are building a snowman .
neutral	Three firemen come out of subway station .	Three firemen putting out a fire inner of a underground station .
neutral	Three firemen come out of subway station .	Three firemen putting out a fire interior of a subway station .
neutral	Three firefighter come out of underpass station .	Three firefighters putting out a fire inside of a subway station .
neutral	The sun breaks through the tree as a teenaged rides a swing .	The young on the swing is a girls .
neutral	The sun breaks through the tree as a minors rides a swing .	The teenaged on the swing is a girl .
neutral	The sun breaks through the tree as a teenagers rides a swing .	The teenagers on the swing is a daughters .
neutral	A couple attired in coats , hats , and scarves are standing in the snowy .	The couple stood in the snow together for the photography .
neutral	A couple clothed in coats , hats , and scarves are standing in the snow .	The couple stood in the snow together for the pictures .
neutral	A couple clothed in coats , hats , and scarves are standing in the snow .	The couple stood in the snowy together for the photos .
neutral	Three black people , two male and one woman , in the mid of a little , agricultural street , are piling up item on top of a taxi taxis with a netted dangling down on top of the windshield , while two adolescent and two other people are vicinity .	Many people loads up a taxi
neutral	Three black people , two mens and one female , in the mid of a little , agriculture street , are pile up item on top of a cab taxi with a net dangling down on top of the windshield , while two adolescence and two other people are vicinity .	Many people burden up a taxi
neutral	Three negro people , two man and one woman , in the medium of a petite , agricultural street , are piling up item on top of a cab taxis with a netted dangling down on top of the windshield , while two teenager and two other people are vicinity .	Many people burdened up a taxi
neutral	Three black people , two man and one women , in the media of a small , agriculture street , are pile up item on top of a taxis taxi with a netted dangling down on top of the windshield , while two juvenile and two other people are vicinity .	The people put furniture on the taxi
neutral	Three black people , two men and one women , in the mid of a little , agricultural street , are piling up items on top of a cab taxis with a netted dangling down on top of the windshield , while two adolescents and two other people are vicinity .	The people put furniture on the taxi
neutral	Three black people , two masculine and one women , in the mid of a small , agriculture street , are pile up item on top of a taxi taxis with a net dangling down on top of the windshield , while two teenager and two other people are vicinity .	The people put furniture on the taxi
neutral	A young boy vocalizes in to a microphone held by a blond woman in black .	A female teaching a boy to sings .
neutral	A adolescents boy vocalizes in to a mics held by a blond woman in negro .	A female teaching a boy to singing .
neutral	A youthful boy vocalizes in to a microphone held by a blond females in black .	A woman teaching a boy to singing .
neutral	A juvenile girl in a riding outfit is sitting on a equestrian holding a teddy bear .	The girl is getting riding lessons .
neutral	A adolescents girl in a riding outfit is sitting on a horse holding a teddy bears .	The girls is getting riding lessons .
neutral	A young daughter in a riding outfit is sitting on a equestrian holding a teddy bears .	The daughter is getting riding lessons .
neutral	A solitaire mens in a blue t-shirt , jeans , and a baseball chaps works on a roof of a dwelling laying shingles .	The lonely mens was working on his house
neutral	A solitaire males in a blue t-shirt , jeans , and a baseball cap works on a roof of a houses laying shingles .	The single male was working on his house
neutral	A unique man in a blue t-shirt , jeans , and a baseball ceiling works on a roof of a houses laying shingles .	The loner male was working on his house
neutral	A hand holds a strainer with a petite quantities of liquid in it with a table with bins in the background .	A hand holds a colander , a family heirloom passed down from generation to generation .
neutral	A hand holds a colander with a small amount of liquid in it with a tables with bins in the background .	A hand holds a strainer , a family heirloom passed down from generation to generation .
neutral	A hand holds a strainer with a small quantities of fluid in it with a table with bins in the background .	A hand holds a strainer , a family heirloom passed down from generation to generation .
neutral	A blond man playing a guitar .	A well clothed males is play a guitar .
neutral	A blond men play a guitar .	A well attired males is play a guitar .
neutral	A blond masculine playing a guitar .	A well attired men is playing a guitar .
neutral	Four cyclists are racing on an inside racetrack all wearing the identical red , white , and blue uniforms .	The racetrack is lengthy .
neutral	Four cyclists are races on an interior racetrack all wearing the same red , white , and blue uniforms .	The racetrack is lengthy .
neutral	Four motorcyclists are races on an interior racetrack all wearing the same red , white , and blue uniformed .	The racetrack is lengthy .
neutral	A females in a US soldier uniformed is write on a enormous piece of white paper with a black magic marker while others are sitting at table around her .	A female is trying to write a letter to her daughters in the states
neutral	A females in a US serviceman uniform is write on a mammoth piece of white paper with a negro magic marker while others are sitting at table around her .	A woman is trying to write a letter to her daughter in the states
neutral	A female in a US military standardized is writing on a monumental piece of white paper with a black magic marker while others are sitting at tables around her .	A woman is trying to writing a letter to her daughter in the states
neutral	Two people climbing a rock overhanging water .	The two people are errand each other on the rock .
neutral	Two people climbing a rock overhanging water .	The two people are race each other on the rock .
neutral	Two people climb a rock overhanging water .	The two people are racing each other on the rock .
neutral	Two people climb a rock overhanging water .	Two teen are climbing the rock .
neutral	Two people climb a rock overhanging water .	Two adolescents are climb the rock .
neutral	Two people climb a rock overhanging water .	Two teenagers are climbing the rock .
neutral	A youths girl in a white t-shirt and a blue skirt wearing a light colored hat stands in a river next to a jumbo rock .	The daughter is cool her foot on a hot day .
neutral	A teenage girl in a white t-shirt and a blue skirt wearing a light colored hat stands in a river next to a enormous rock .	The daughter is cool her footing on a hot day .
neutral	A child daughter in a white t-shirt and a blue skirt wearing a light colored hat stands in a river next to a big rock .	The daughters is cool her footing on a hot day .
neutral	There is a Victorian style building in the background , and in the foreground is a lake where a tiny paddle navigation sits with three people in it .	The homeowner of a house enjoy their pond .
neutral	There is a Victorian style building in the background , and in the foreground is a lake where a tiny paddling investigating sits with three people in it .	The landlord of a dwelling enjoy their pond .
neutral	There is a Victorian style building in the background , and in the foreground is a lake where a tiny paddling yachting sits with three people in it .	The homeowner of a homes enjoy their pond .
neutral	One masculine wearing a pink and blue striped shirt , work gloves , and holding a yellow stiff hat .	A tall individuals in a shirt
neutral	One masculine wearing a pink and blue striped shirt , work gloves , and holding a yellow tricky hat .	A tall persons in a shirt
neutral	One male wearing a pink and blue striped shirt , work gloves , and holding a yellow difficult hat .	A tall individuals in a shirt
neutral	A man in an apron smiles as he pokes a frying donut with a petite metal stick .	The man is in the kitchen of a restaurant .
neutral	A males in an apron smiles as he pokes a frying donut with a petite metal stick .	The masculine is in the kitchen of a restaurant .
neutral	A males in an apron smiles as he pokes a frying donut with a little metallic stick .	The masculine is in the kitchen of a restaurant .
neutral	Woman is looking something .	A females is looking at a man
neutral	Woman is looking something .	A female is search at a man
neutral	Woman is looking something .	A woman is looking at a man
neutral	a unique snowboarder jumping in aviation with a snowy cover mine in the background	A boy is skiing in mid air
neutral	a lone snowboarder jumping in aeroplane with a snow covered mine in the background	A boy is snowboarding in mid air
neutral	a lone snowboarder jumping in jets with a snowy cover mine in the background	A boy is skiing in middle air
neutral	A fisher using a laptop on a navigator .	A fisherman utilizes a cell telephone to call his wife .
neutral	A fisher using a notebook on a sailboat .	A harvester uses a cell telephone to calling his wife .
neutral	A fisher using a cellular on a navigator .	A fisher uses a cell phone to call his wife .
neutral	A males getting a panel of miners to move around and have fun .	A male encouraging adolescents to have fun with one another as they look on .
neutral	A men getting a panel of adolescence to move around and have fun .	A man encouraging minor to have fun with one another as they look on .
neutral	A males getting a grouping of teenage to move around and have fun .	A masculine encouraging teens to have fun with one another as they look on .
neutral	A man getting a panels of miner to move around and have fun .	A fathers attempting to encorage his miner to run around and have fun outside .
neutral	A masculine getting a grouping of teen to move around and have fun .	A fathers attempting to encorage his teen to run around and have fun outer .
neutral	A mens getting a panel of minor to move around and have fun .	A fathers attempting to encorage his adolescents to run around and have fun exterior .
neutral	A tractor decorated as a float for a parade	A tractor drives down the parade route
neutral	A tractor decorated as a float for a parade	A tractor driving down the parade route
neutral	A tractor decorated as a float for a parade	A tractor driving down the parade route
neutral	Men playing hockey .	Men playing fair
neutral	Men playing hockey .	Men play fair
neutral	Men playing hockey .	Men playing fair
neutral	A dog leaps into the aviation for a tennis ball .	A dog is outdoor .
neutral	A dog leaps into the airways for a tennis ball .	A dog is outboard .
neutral	A dog leaps into the airlines for a tennis ball .	A dog is outboard .
neutral	A woman with a blond ponytail and a white hat is riding a white equestrian , inside a fence with a horned cow .	The woman owns the equestrian .
neutral	A woman with a blond ponytail and a white hat is riding a white horse , interior a fencing with a horned cow .	The woman owns the horse .
neutral	A females with a blond ponytail and a white hat is riding a white horse , inner a fencing with a horned cow .	The women owns the horse .
neutral	An entertainers reaches out to his audience during a performance .	A male singing to the crowd .
neutral	An entertainers reaches out to his audience during a performance .	A males singing to the crowd .
neutral	An entertainers reaches out to his audience during a performance .	A male sings to the crowd .
neutral	An entertainers reaches out to his audience during a performance .	A male in front of an audience .
neutral	An entertainers reaches out to his audience during a performance .	A masculine in front of an audience .
neutral	An entertainers reaches out to his audience during a performance .	A masculine in front of an audience .
neutral	A girls playfully kicks a guy in the face while another persons makes confronts .	A girls is playing wrestling with a friend .
neutral	A girl playfully kicks a guy in the face while another person makes confront .	A daughters is play wrestling with a friend .
neutral	A daughter playfully kicks a guy in the face while another person makes confront .	A daughters is playing wrestling with a friend .
neutral	A female in tennis garments running to hit a ball with her tennis racket .	Serina Williams plays tennis .
neutral	A women in tennis clothing running to hit a ball with her tennis racket .	Serina Williams plays tennis .
neutral	A women in tennis clothes running to hit a ball with her tennis racket .	Serina Williams plays tennis .
neutral	A dog attacking a males wearing protects gear .	He was training a policeman dog .
neutral	A dog attacking a men wearing protects gear .	He was training a policemen dog .
neutral	A dog attacking a men wearing protect gear .	He was training a policemen dog .
neutral	a brown and negro attacks dog being trained by a mens holding a stick	A blind males is attempting to train his dog to ward against intruders .
neutral	a brown and black attacks dog being trained by a man holding a stick	A blinded man is attempting to train his dog to ward against hackers .
neutral	a brown and black attack dog being trained by a masculine holding a stick	A blinded men is attempting to train his dog to ward against trespassers .
neutral	A skier goes down a hill with a mountain as a backdrop .	A skier going down the rabbit hill .
neutral	A skier goes down a hill with a mountain as a backdrop .	A skier going down the bunny hill .
neutral	A skier goes down a hill with a mountain as a backdrop .	A skier going down the bunny hill .
neutral	An aged negro masculine sitting on a couple of grocery crates play the strings guitar during the day .	The men has been playing the blues .
neutral	An outdated black man sitting on a couple of grocery crates play the strings guitar during the day .	The males has been play the blues .
neutral	An elderly black males sitting on a couple of grocery crates play the string guitar during the day .	The man has been playing the blues .
neutral	A worker dressed in hazard orange , face-down in an open street work .	A town personnel inspects construction on a public pathway .
neutral	A worker clothed in jeopardy orange , face-down in an opens street work .	A city employee reviews construction on a public road .
neutral	A worker dressed in threats orange , face-down in an open street work .	A town staffs inspecting construction on a public routes .
neutral	A males in a brown shirt and blue shorts walking in Droney Park .	A masculine walking in Droney Park on his day off .
neutral	A men in a brown shirt and blue shorts walking in Droney Park .	A male walking in Droney Park on his day off .
neutral	A masculine in a brown shirt and blue shorts walking in Droney Park .	A males walking in Droney Park on his day off .
neutral	A smiling man with grey hair and eyeglasses , attired in negro , is sitting in a chairs with a music stand in front of him .	This males has an vision deficiency .
neutral	A smiling man with grey hair and spectacles , clothed in black , is sitting in a chair with a music stand in front of him .	This men has an eyesight deficiency .
neutral	A smiling men with gray hairstyle and spectacles , dressed in negro , is sitting in a chairs with a music stand in front of him .	This males has an eyesight deficiency .
neutral	A smiling males with gray hairstyle and glasses , clothed in black , is sitting in a chair with a music stand in front of him .	This antiquated men is nearsighted .
neutral	A smiling man with gray hairstyle and eyeglasses , attired in black , is sitting in a chairs with a music stand in front of him .	This elder men is nearsighted .
neutral	A smiling masculine with gray hairstyle and eyeglasses , clothed in negro , is sitting in a chair with a music stand in front of him .	This antique men is nearsighted .
neutral	A guy taking a nap in the back of a automobile .	A men is dozing off while bumming a ride in the back of a truck .
neutral	A guy taking a nap in the back of a motor .	A mens is dozing off while bumming a ride in the back of a truck .
neutral	A guy taking a nap in the back of a vehicles .	A man is dozing off while bumming a ride in the back of a truck .
neutral	A baby is searching into what looks like a telescope .	An babies looks through a telescopes pointed at the planet Jupiter .
neutral	A baby is looking into what looks like a telescope .	An infants looks through a telescopes pointed at the planet Jupiter .
neutral	A baby is quest into what looks like a telescope .	An infants looks through a telescope pointed at the planet Jupiter .
neutral	A women on stage holding a microphone standing by a men .	Performers are wait for a crowd to calm down avant they continue their performance
neutral	A female on stages holding a microphone standing by a man .	Performers are waiting for a crowd to serenity down before they continued their performance
neutral	A females on stage holding a mics standing by a male .	Performers are wait for a crowd to soothe down before they unbroken their performance
neutral	A small boy wearing a yellow , white and black striped shirt is whispering a hides to a petite girl wearing a white lengthy sleeved-shirt .	The small boy is good friends with the girl .
neutral	A little boy wearing a yellow , white and negro striped shirt is whispering a hid to a little girls wearing a white lengthy sleeved-shirt .	The little boy is good friends with the daughters .
neutral	A petite boy wearing a yellow , white and black striped shirt is whispering a hides to a small daughter wearing a white long sleeved-shirt .	The little boy is good friends with the girl .
neutral	A female is posing in a meadow next to an seniors truck .	A woman is getting her maternity photographs taken .
neutral	A female is posing in a meadow next to an senior truck .	A female is getting her maternity photographed taken .
neutral	A female is posing in a meadow next to an archaic truck .	A female is getting her maternity photography taken .
neutral	Blond females working wearing gloves .	A females wearing gloves to secrets her injures .
neutral	Blond females working wearing gloves .	A women wearing gloves to concealing her injuries .
neutral	Blond woman working wearing gloves .	A woman wearing gloves to disguising her injuries .
neutral	A female in a green shirt is working within a huge quantities of flora that is at many stage of maturity .	She intends to pick the ripe vegetables and leave the unripened to ripen .
neutral	A female in a green shirt is working within a large amount of vegetation that is at varied stage of maturity .	She intends to pick the ripe vegetables and leave the unripened to ripen .
neutral	A woman in a green shirt is working within a enormous amounts of flora that is at varying stage of maturity .	She intends to pick the ripe vegetables and leave the unripened to ripen .
neutral	A panels of people in red clothing with scooters ride down the hill on rollerblades .	Everyone is riding rollerblades .
neutral	A panels of people in red clothes with scooters ride down the hill on rollerblades .	Everyone is riding rollerblades .
neutral	A panels of people in red clothes with scooters ride down the hill on rollerblades .	Everyone is riding rollerblades .
neutral	Four young masculine stare up at a basketball hoop with no netted , in an outdoor , urban basketball court .	A grouping of miner masculine search up at the basketball hoop to see if the ball volition go in .
neutral	Four teenage man stare up at a basketball hoop with no net , in an outer , urban basketball court .	A groups of children mens search up at the basketball hoop to see if the ball will go in .
neutral	Four adolescence male stare up at a basketball hoop with no net , in an outside , urban basketball courts .	A group of youths male searching up at the basketball hoop to see if the ball will go in .
neutral	a ballerina striking a pose in the studio .	The ballerina is wearing pink .
neutral	a ballerina striking a pose in the studio .	The ballerina is wearing pink .
neutral	a ballerina striking a pose in the studio .	The ballerina is wearing pink .
neutral	Two women 's volleyball teams are compete against each other on a salmon-colored and turquoise court while a referees in black clocks .	12 ladies play volleyball
neutral	Two females 's volleyball teams are compete against each other on a salmon-colored and turquoise courts while a referee in negro watches .	12 ladies playing volleyball
neutral	Two female 's volleyball teams are competing against each other on a salmon-colored and turquoise court while a referees in black watches .	12 ladies play volleyball
neutral	Four child pose on a stages .	Four siblings pose for a photo on a stage .
neutral	Four smaller pose on a stages .	Four siblings pose for a photographed on a stage .
neutral	Four minors pose on a stages .	Four brothers pose for a photograph on a stages .
neutral	People in bathing suits bend down and reach into the water of a lake .	A family is dive into the water .
neutral	People in bathing suits bend down and reach into the water of a lake .	A families is dives into the water .
neutral	People in bathing suits bend down and reach into the water of a lake .	A family is dives into the water .
neutral	A boy attired in a whiskey kilt with a brown hat wields a long pole .	The boy is cadet than elder ten .
neutral	A boy clothed in a plaid kilt with a brown hat wields a lengthy poles .	The boy is younger than ancient ten .
neutral	A boy clothed in a bourbon kilt with a brown hat wields a lengthy pole .	The boy is cadet than age ten .
neutral	A females in white climbs up a metals structure .	A female in a weddings dress is climb .
neutral	A females in white climbs up a metal structure .	A women in a marriage frock is climb .
neutral	A females in white climbs up a metallic structure .	A females in a marry dress is climbing .
neutral	A person is squatting down near buckets , holding something in one hand .	Someone is dipping a sponge in a bucket of soapy water .
neutral	A persons is squatting down near buckets , holding something in one hand .	Someone is dipping a sponge in a bucket of soapy water .
neutral	A person is squatting down near buckets , holding something in one hand .	Someone is dipping a sponge in a bucket of soapy water .
neutral	An eastern woman cleaning woods outboard from a bucket .	A females is cleanup wooden outdoor from a bucket near the window .
neutral	An east females cleanliness wood outdoor from a pail .	A woman is cleaning wood outdoor from a bucket near the window .
neutral	An eastern women cleanup woods exterior from a pail .	A females is cleanup woods outside from a pail near the window .
neutral	A little boy with a blue cyclist helmet and a female in a green bicycle helmet are riding bike down a street with other varied bicycles riders .	A momma and her sons ride motorcycles with others down a street .
neutral	A petite boy with a blue biking helmet and a females in a green cyclist helmet are riding cycling down a street with other several bike riders .	A mummy and her son ride bicycling with others down a street .
neutral	A petite boy with a blue moped helmet and a female in a green bicycles helmet are riding mopeds down a street with other diverse motorbikes riders .	A mam and her son ride mopeds with others down a street .
neutral	A men with a blue , collared shirt sits in front of another masculine .	a male is searching at his friend
neutral	A men with a blue , collared shirt sits in front of another masculine .	a man is searching at his friend
neutral	A mens with a blue , collared shirt sits in front of another masculine .	a males is looking at his friend
neutral	Older males wearing dark blue sportswear sweeping the ground and a person wearing a red coat and carrying a green backpack entering the building .	An seniors masculine is sweeping his patio while a passerby enters a building
neutral	Older man wearing dark blue clothing sweeping the ground and a persons wearing a red coat and carrying a green handbag entering the building .	An seniors man is sweeping his patio while a passerby enters a building
neutral	Older masculine wearing dark blue clothes sweep the ground and a persons wearing a red coat and carrying a green purses entering the building .	An antique males is sweep his patio while a passerby enters a building
neutral	A males is on a skateboard jumping from a short ledge onto the sidewalk .	The men is wearing knee pads .
neutral	A males is on a skateboard jumping from a short ledge onto the sidewalk .	The men is wearing knee pads .
neutral	A masculine is on a skateboard jumping from a short ledge onto the pavement .	The males is wearing knee pads .
neutral	A women in a bathing suit is sitting on a wharf over a agency of water .	A woman sits outer on the wharf overlooking the maritime .
neutral	A female in a bathing suit is sitting on a wharf over a bodies of water .	A woman sits outside on the dock overlooking the oceans .
neutral	A female in a bathing suit is sitting on a dock over a agency of water .	A female sits outdoor on the dock overlooking the naval .
neutral	A daughters is approximately to hit a tennis ball coming from above her with a racket	A daughters is play tennis with three other people .
neutral	A daughter is approximately to hit a tennis ball coming from above her with a racket	A daughters is play tennis with three other people .
neutral	A daughter is about to hit a tennis ball coming from above her with a racket	A girl is playing tennis with three other people .
neutral	Six people in mid-evil style costumes wearing stilts of diverse length pass by a groups of onlookers .	Six people are dressing elders school for a play .
neutral	Six people in mid-evil style costumes wearing stilts of different length pass by a panel of bystanders .	Six people are dressing age school for a play .
neutral	Six people in mid-evil style costumes wearing stilts of varied length pass by a panel of bystanders .	Six people are dressing elders school for a playing .
neutral	A youths males is running while play tennis against another individuals .	A males moves while play a game
neutral	A child man is running while playing tennis against another persons .	A man moves while playing a game
neutral	A miners male is running while play tennis against another individuals .	A men moves while playing a game
neutral	A women with a cart of eggs walks in a marketplace .	A female compare cost on egg at the market
neutral	A female with a cart of egg walks in a market .	A females compares costs on egg at the market
neutral	A female with a cart of egg walks in a markets .	A woman compared price on eggs at the market
neutral	A lady in the kitchen cleanliness her foot on a chopping board with a red towel , or red apron , with her husband standing there .	A lady cleans her foot for a fetish videos .
neutral	A lady in the kitchen cleaning her feet on a chopping board with a red towel , or red apron , with her husband standing there .	A dame cleans her footing for a fetish videotape .
neutral	A lady in the kitchen cleanup her feet on a chopping board with a red towel , or red apron , with her husband standing there .	A lady cleans her feet for a fetish videotaped .
neutral	People are riding bicycles in the street , and they are all wearing helmets .	A grouping of friends are cycling through a street , all wearing their helmets
neutral	People are riding cycling in the street , and they are all wearing helmets .	A grouping of friends are moped through a street , all wearing their helmets
neutral	People are riding mopeds in the street , and they are all wearing helmets .	A group of friends are bicycling through a street , all wearing their helmets
neutral	A lighted daughters splashes around in natural water .	The girl is outdoor .
neutral	A lighted daughter splashes around in natural water .	The daughters is outer .
neutral	A illuminated girl splashes around in natural water .	The daughters is outside .
neutral	Two masculine on opposed teams are playing soccer in a field .	Two teams playing soccer , practising for the Olympics .
neutral	Two masculine on oppose teams are play soccer in a field .	Two teams playing soccer , practise for the Olympics .
neutral	Two man on oppose teams are play soccer in a field .	Two teams playing soccer , practise for the Olympics .
neutral	A brown dog and a black and white dog are running over grassy hills .	two dogs hunt a bunny
neutral	A brown dog and a black and white dog are running over grassy hills .	two dogs manhunt a bunny
neutral	A brown dog and a negro and white dog are running over grassy hills .	two dogs chase a bunny
neutral	Two dogs are running next to each other on a grassy hill .	The dogs are pursues a chipmunk .
neutral	Two dogs are running next to each other on a grassy hill .	The dogs are hunts a chipmunk .
neutral	Two dogs are running next to each other on a grassy hill .	The dogs are hunting a squirrel .
neutral	Young people are standing around a drums at a party .	People are play a drum .
neutral	Young people are standing around a drums at a parties .	People are play a drums .
neutral	Young people are standing around a drums at a party .	People are playing a drum .
neutral	A person with dark hairdo in a white shirt is sitting in a chairs in water with a `` swim at your owned risk '' sign on the wall .	a persons is relaxed on his day off
neutral	A persons with dark hairdo in a white shirt is sitting in a chair in water with a `` swimming at your own threat '' sign on the wall .	a individuals is relaxed on his day off
neutral	A individuals with dark hair in a white shirt is sitting in a chair in water with a `` swimming at your owned dangers '' sign on the wall .	a persons is relax on his day off
neutral	A white male in a red shirt riding a cyclist .	An antiquated guy wears a shirt on a motorbike .
neutral	A white man in a red shirt riding a motorbikes .	An ancient guy wears a shirt on a motorcycles .
neutral	A white mens in a red shirt riding a cycling .	An older guy wears a shirt on a mopeds .
neutral	Several people have gathered behind a grouping of other people who are sitting around a table .	Several people are sitting around a tables and are about to playing a card games .
neutral	Several people have gathered behind a panels of other people who are sitting around a tables .	Several people are sitting around a tables and are roughly to play a valentines game .
neutral	Several people have gathered behind a group of other people who are sitting around a table .	Several people are sitting around a tables and are roughly to play a card game .
neutral	A smaller daughters poses with a trophy in the park .	A daughters poses with her spelling bee trophy .
neutral	A juveniles daughter poses with a trophy in the park .	A daughters poses with her spelling bee trophy .
neutral	A youngsters daughters poses with a trophy in the park .	A daughter poses with her spelling bee trophy .
neutral	Two male are shirtless on the beach on a beautiful day .	Two mens are shirtless .
neutral	Two males are shirtless on the beach on a beautiful day .	Two men are shirtless .
neutral	Two man are shirtless on the beach on a beautiful day .	Two male are shirtless .
neutral	People at a farmer 's marketplace .	The families is near a farmer markets .
neutral	People at a farmer 's markets .	The families is near a farmer market .
neutral	People at a farmer 's markets .	The family is near a farmer markets .
neutral	Four people enjoying an art exhibit .	Four people are trying to see what newer painting to buy
neutral	Four people enjoying an art exhibit .	Four people are trying to see what newer painted to buy
neutral	Four people enjoying an art exhibit .	Four people are trying to see what new paint to buy
neutral	Man with black shirt and eyeglasses makes something out of a balloon .	A clown makes balloon zoo .
neutral	Man with negro shirt and sunglasses makes something out of a balloon .	A clown makes balloon animals .
neutral	Man with negro shirt and eyeglasses makes something out of a balloon .	A clown makes balloon animal .
neutral	this Man , with a Red & White Shirt has Water Bottles on this White Truck .	the guy has bottles on the truck for me
neutral	this Man , with a Red & White Shirt has Water Bottles on this White Truck .	the guy has bottles on the truck for me
neutral	this Man , with a Red & White Shirt has Water Bottles on this White Truck .	the guy has bottles on the truck for me
neutral	A little blond boy is play medical with red , blue , and yellow toy gear .	Boy playing doctors on a friend with his toys .
neutral	A petite blond boy is playing physician with red , blue , and yellow toy gear .	Boy play medication on a friend with his toys .
neutral	A small blond boy is playing doctor with red , blue , and yellow toy gear .	Boy playing medical on a friend with his toys .
neutral	The team quickly moves their classical studies down the river .	The river is wild
neutral	The team rapid moves their traditional explore down the river .	The river is wild
neutral	The team swift moves their classical study down the river .	The river is wild
neutral	A child man holding a youthful female in his gunpoint as they get splashed by water shooting up from a fountain .	A juveniles couple is very much in love .
neutral	A teenager man holding a juvenile female in his arms as they get splashed by water shooting up from a fountain .	A smaller couple is very much in love .
neutral	A adolescent men holding a adolescence woman in his handgun as they get splashed by water shooting up from a fountain .	A child couple is very much in love .
neutral	A crowd in which two males are wearing Santa Claus Hats are celebrating Christmas outdoor of a Bank of America and a Christmas tree .	Many people are sings carols .
neutral	A crowd in which two mens are wearing Santa Claus Hats are celebrating Christmas exterior of a Bank of America and a Christmas trees .	Many people are sung carols .
neutral	A crowd in which two man are wearing Santa Claus Hats are celebrating Christmas outside of a Bank of America and a Christmas tree .	Many people are singing carols .
neutral	A bicyclist is attempting a ploy on a cables in a tropical location .	The spectators watch in awe as the bicyclist does tricks on a high wires .
neutral	A bicyclist is attempting a trick on a wired in a tropical location .	The spectators watch in awe as the bicyclist does tricks on a high wired .
neutral	A bicyclist is attempting a ploy on a wire in a tropical location .	The viewers watch in awe as the bicyclist does tricks on a high wires .
neutral	Two people are sitting in a chairs a lady reading and a man searching to his phone	The people are husband and wife .
neutral	Two people are sitting in a chairs a dame reading and a man looking to his phone	The people are husband and wife .
neutral	Two people are sitting in a chair a dame reading and a male search to his phone	The people are husband and wife .
neutral	people are sitting on a bench in front of buildings .	Two coworkers eat lunch on a bench outside of their building .
neutral	people are sitting on a bench in front of buildings .	Two colleagues eat lunch on a bench exterior of their building .
neutral	people are sitting on a bench in front of buildings .	Two coworkers eat lunch on a bench outside of their building .
neutral	people sitting on stools looking outboard .	People look out side the bar they are in .
neutral	people sitting on stools quest outboard .	People look out side the bar they are in .
neutral	people sitting on stools search outer .	People look out side the bar they are in .
neutral	A miner female wearing jeans , a white t-shirt and a hat , performs a high flying ploy on a biking at an outdoor motorcycles park .	Young females shows off new bicycling tricks in front of friends .
neutral	A youthful woman wearing jeans , a white t-shirt and a hat , performs a high flying trick on a motorcycles at an outside motorbike park .	Young woman shows off novel motorbike tricks in front of friends .
neutral	A juveniles woman wearing jeans , a white t-shirt and a hat , performs a high flying trick on a bicycle at an exterior cyclist park .	Young female shows off newer bicycles tricks in front of friends .
neutral	a female in a black shirt searching at a biking .	A female attired in negro shops for a motorbike .
neutral	a females in a negro shirt quest at a motorcycle .	A females clothed in black shops for a motorbike .
neutral	a female in a negro shirt search at a motorcycle .	A female clothed in negro shops for a motorbikes .
neutral	At less eight people are sitting at a table in a building that ignores the town .	people sitting at a tables getting readies for dinner
neutral	At minimal eight people are sitting at a table in a building that ignoring the city .	people sitting at a table getting poised for dinner
neutral	At less eight people are sitting at a tables in a building that ignore the town .	people sitting at a tables getting poised for dinner
neutral	A small boy in a blue shirt is putting some glasses up to a window while a dame watches him .	A boy puts on his novel sunglasses
neutral	A small boy in a blue shirt is putting some sunglasses up to a window while a dame watches him .	A boy puts on his new sunglasses
neutral	A little boy in a blue shirt is putting some goggles up to a window while a lady clocks him .	A boy puts on his newer sunglasses
neutral	Men in an office with computer and a spotlights screen .	The men are preparing for a presentations .
neutral	Men in an office with computers and a projector screen .	The masculine are preparing for a presentations .
neutral	Men in an office with computer and a spotlights screen .	The men are preparing for a presentation .
neutral	Two men soccer gamers on oppose teams are trying to get the soccer ball .	Two soccer gamers struggle after the ball until one gets a penalty .
neutral	Two masculine soccer gamers on opposed teams are trying to get the soccer ball .	Two soccer gamers battles after the ball until one gets a penalty .
neutral	Two men soccer players on opposing teams are trying to get the soccer ball .	Two soccer gamers battling after the ball until one gets a penalty .
neutral	A male with black garment is sweep steps with a broom .	The males is the janitor for the building .
neutral	A mens with negro apparel is sweep steps with a broom .	The mens is the doorman for the building .
neutral	A man with black apparel is sweeping steps with a broom .	The males is the janitor for the building .
neutral	Numerous clients investigate for produce in a marketplace .	People are shopping for watermelons .
neutral	Numerous client shipping for produce in a marketplace .	People are shopping for watermelons .
neutral	Numerous customer ship for produce in a marketplace .	People are shopping for watermelons .
neutral	A boy wearing a shirt with an American flag plays with a basketball on the blacktop .	A boy is practise his basketball shooting skill for his school 's games later .
neutral	A boy wearing a shirt with an American flag plays with a basketball on the blacktop .	A boy is practice his basketball shooting skill for his school 's game later .
neutral	A boy wearing a shirt with an American flag plays with a basketball on the blacktop .	A boy is practising his basketball shooting skills for his school 's game later .
neutral	A U.S. soldier assisting a juveniles girls in the hands of her fathers , while other soldiers look on .	The girl has a troubled expression .
neutral	A U.S. solider assistance a adolescent daughter in the hands of her fathers , while other soldiers look on .	The daughters has a troubled expression .
neutral	A U.S. military assists a miners girl in the hands of her father , while other soldiers look on .	The daughters has a troubled expression .
neutral	Taking a break to watch some TV	Taking a long break
neutral	Taking a break to watch some TV	Taking a lengthy break
neutral	Taking a break to watch some TV	Taking a lengthy break
neutral	A brown dog persues a Frisbee across the grass as the thrower watches .	A dog plays in the park with his owner on a sunny day .
neutral	A brown dog persues a Frisbee across the grass as the thrower clocks .	A dog plays in the park with his landlord on a sunny day .
neutral	A brown dog persues a Frisbee across the grass as the thrower watches .	A dog plays in the park with his landlord on a sunny day .
neutral	A boy clothed in a dark shirt carries a blue backpack over his shoulder and a green pail .	A boy is walking to the beach .
neutral	A boy clothed in a dark shirt carries a blue wallets over his shoulder and a green bucket .	A boy is walking to the beach .
neutral	A boy attired in a dark shirt carries a blue bags over his shoulder and a green pail .	A boy is walking to the beach .
neutral	A man with a white beard speaks into a mics wearing a long-sleeved grey button down shirt .	A masculine is giving a toast at a marriage .
neutral	A males with a white beard speaks into a microphone wearing a long-sleeved grey button down shirt .	A masculine is giving a toast at a weddings .
neutral	A man with a white beard speaks into a microphone wearing a long-sleeved grey button down shirt .	A male is giving a toast at a wedding .
neutral	A females with a green headscarf , blue shirt and a very large grin .	The female is miners .
neutral	A woman with a green headscarf , blue shirt and a very enormous grin .	The female is minors .
neutral	A female with a green headscarf , blue shirt and a very immense grin .	The female is kids .
neutral	A masculine in a jacket wearing negro boots walking on the truck of a fallen tree over a ravine .	A lumberjack works .
neutral	A males in a jacket wearing negro boots walking on the truck of a fallen tree over a ravine .	A lumberjack works .
neutral	A males in a jacket wearing black boots walking on the truck of a fallen trees over a ravine .	A lumberjack works .
neutral	A lady is promotion something to the other two daughter .	A woman is selling jewellery to two daughters .
neutral	A lady is encourage something to the other two daughters .	A female is sell jewellery to two girls .
neutral	A lady is promoted something to the other two girl .	A women is sold jewellery to two girls .
neutral	Some minor are wrestling on an inflatable raft	Some youngsters playing with a raft in the lake .
neutral	Some adolescent are wrestling on an inflatable raft	Some young play with a raft in the lake .
neutral	Some miners are wrestling on an inflatable raft	Some youthful playing with a raft in the lake .
neutral	A panels of Asian girl are standing together .	The daughters are standing outdoor .
neutral	A group of Asian daughters are standing together .	The girl are standing outside .
neutral	A panels of Asian girls are standing together .	The daughters are standing outer .
neutral	A cheerful boy rides a improvised sled down a snow hill .	A boy is enjoying himself while thinking about sliding down a snow hill with his friends
neutral	A cheerful boy rides a improvised sled down a snowy hill .	A boy is enjoying himself while thinking roughly sliding down a snow hill with his friends
neutral	A cheerful boy rides a makeshift sled down a snow hill .	A boy is enjoying himself while thinking about sliding down a snow hill with his friends
neutral	Two daughters kissing a man with a negro shirt and brown hairstyle on the cheeks .	Two girls kiss there dad .
neutral	Two girl kiss a males with a black shirt and brown hair on the cheeks .	Two daughters kissing there papa .
neutral	Two girl kissing a masculine with a negro shirt and brown hair on the cheeks .	Two daughter kissing there daddy .
neutral	Young boys in green and blue jerseys kick around a soccer ball while other soccer game take placing in the background .	Young boys wait for their soccer games .
neutral	Young boys in green and blue blazers kick around a soccer ball while other soccer games take place in the background .	Young boys wait for their soccer game .
neutral	Young boys in green and blue jerseys kick around a soccer ball while other soccer game take place in the background .	Young boys wait for their soccer game .
neutral	A females wearing an elaborate array of plumes in her hairstyle , a bead pendant , a medallion , and an cyan , brown , and olive-green dress and looks off to her left , smiling slightly .	A females smiles at someone to her left
neutral	A women wearing an elaborate array of feathers in her hair , a bead pendant , a medallion , and an magenta , brown , and olive-green frock and looks off to her left , smiling slightly .	A women smiles at someone to her left
neutral	A woman wearing an elaborate array of plumes in her hair , a bead necklace , a medallion , and an magenta , brown , and olive-green attire and looks off to her left , smiling slightly .	A women smiles at someone to her left
neutral	A men is riding up an escalator that is carrying shopping trolleys .	The men working at intent was carry shooping carts up the escalator .
neutral	A masculine is riding up an escalator that is carrying shopping carts .	The mens working at goal was carrying shooping carts up the escalator .
neutral	A mens is riding up an escalator that is carry shopping wagons .	The masculine working at purpose was carrying shooping carts up the escalator .
neutral	I am squatting on a wharf , looking into a lake .	I am at the lake with my families .
neutral	I am squatting on a wharf , looking into a lake .	I am at the lake with my family .
neutral	I am squatting on a dock , search into a lake .	I am at the lake with my family .
neutral	A mens quest at a women looking at water .	A females watches the lake while her youths swims .
neutral	A males looking at a women searches at water .	A female clocks the lake while her youth swims .
neutral	A male looking at a woman searching at water .	A women watches the lake while her kids swims .
neutral	A masculine search at a women searches at water .	A mens beverages beer .
neutral	A mens searches at a women searching at water .	A mens beverages beer .
neutral	A males looking at a women search at water .	A men drinks beer .
neutral	Lab tech quest through a microscope in a darkroom .	The lab technologies is search at a cell sampling .
neutral	Lab technicians quest through a microscope in a darkroom .	The lab technicians is search at a cell specimens .
neutral	Lab technicians search through a microscope in a laboratory .	The darkroom techs is quest at a cell sample .
neutral	Coed choir singing at an events .	A mammoth choir is sings .
neutral	Coed choir singing at an event .	A mammoth choir is sing .
neutral	Coed choir sings at an event .	A monumental choir is singing .
neutral	A male in a red shirt is being filmed by another mens on a sport field with a massive audience of people watching and cheering .	The audience is cheers because of the celebrity .
neutral	A man in a red shirt is being filmed by another male on a athletics field with a heavy audience of people watching and cheers .	The audience is cheering because of the celebrity .
neutral	A men in a red shirt is being filmed by another man on a athlete field with a vast audience of people watching and cheers .	The audience is cheers because of the celebrity .
neutral	A males in a one piece tunic is riding a bicycling in front of a sandstone wall while touch his nose .	The male is testing the bicycling .
neutral	A men in a one piece tunic is riding a motorcycles in front of a sandstone wall while touch his nose .	The masculine is test the motorbike .
neutral	A masculine in a one piece tunic is riding a motorcycles in front of a sandstone wall while touching his nose .	The mens is testing the biking .
neutral	Children receiving places at an award ceremony .	The teenaged are receiving award for humanitarian endeavors .
neutral	Children receiving places at an awards ceremonies .	The juveniles are receiving awards for humanitarian endeavors .
neutral	Children receiving places at an awards ceremony .	The minors are receiving awards for humanitarian efforts .
neutral	A women crosses the street with a baby in her firearms .	A female crosses the street carrying her baby boy .
neutral	A woman crosses the street with a baby in her armed .	A women crosses the street carrying her baby boy .
neutral	A female crosses the street with a baby in her shotgun .	A woman crosses the street carrying her baby boy .
neutral	A men wearing blue jeans and a peach shirt is arguing with a female with lengthy grey hairdo , a red skirt and tan shirt .	A small males wearing blue jeans and a peach shirt is arguing with a woman
neutral	A man wearing blue jeans and a peach shirt is arguing with a females with long grey hair , a red skirt and tan shirt .	A petite masculine wearing blue jeans and a peach shirt is arguing with a woman
neutral	A males wearing blue jeans and a peach shirt is arguing with a woman with lengthy gray hair , a red skirt and tan shirt .	A little man wearing blue jeans and a peach shirt is arguing with a woman
neutral	A teenage girls in a red top is running through a grassy spheres with vast buildings in the background .	The minors daughters loves to run .
neutral	A underage girls in a red top is running through a grassy zone with massive buildings in the background .	The underage girls loves to run .
neutral	A miners daughter in a red top is running through a grassy zone with monumental buildings in the background .	The youth girl loves to run .
neutral	A juveniles and a parent or ancient siblings going for a hike .	It is the teen 's first timing hiking .
neutral	A youngsters and a parent or archaic brothers going for a hike .	It is the miner 's first time hiking .
neutral	A adolescents and a parent or outdated siblings going for a hike .	It is the child 's first calendar hiking .
neutral	A persons is walking a mopeds down a city street .	The cycle has a apartment tires .
neutral	A individuals is walking a cycling down a city street .	The bicycling has a apartment tire .
neutral	A individuals is walking a mopeds down a town street .	The moped has a apartment tires .
neutral	A kids males sleep next to a dog .	A man is sleep next to his girl dog .
neutral	A adolescents man slumber next to a dog .	A males is sleep next to his girls dog .
neutral	A juveniles masculine sleep next to a dog .	A mens is sleeping next to his girl dog .
neutral	A crowd gathered on either side of a soap box derby , with a unique soap box car on the path track .	The people watch as the soap box motors drive by them .
neutral	A crowd gathered on either side of a soap box derby , with a single soap box motor on the path track .	The people watch as the soap box motors drive by them .
neutral	A crowd gathered on either side of a soap box derby , with a hermit soap box auto on the route track .	The people watch as the soap box vehicles drives by them .
neutral	A teenaged boy poses behind the netting of an enclosed play sphere while three other juvenile playing .	A boy poses in front of his fraternal playing
neutral	A adolescence boy poses behind the netting of an enclosed play areas while three other child playing .	A boy poses in front of his fraternal playing
neutral	A kid boy poses behind the netting of an enclosed playing zone while three other youngsters playing .	A boy poses in front of his fraternal playing
neutral	A youth woman with red-hair is shifts a blue bracelet on an outdated females with short hairstyle .	A girl is helped her grandma try on a newest bracelet she purchased .
neutral	A young females with red-hair is modifications a blue bracelet on an age woman with short hairdo .	A daughter is assists her grandmother attempt on a new bracelet she bought .
neutral	A youths women with red-hair is adjusted a blue bracelet on an elders women with short hair .	A daughter is aiding her granny try on a novel bracelet she acquired .
neutral	A teen female with red-hair is altering a blue bracelet on an elderly female with short hair .	A redhead is putting a bracelet on an aging women .
neutral	A adolescents women with red-hair is change a blue bracelet on an antique females with short hairstyle .	A redhead is putting a bracelet on an outdated woman .
neutral	A young women with red-hair is amendment a blue bracelet on an antique women with short hair .	A redhead is putting a bracelet on an elders female .
neutral	a panel of people celebrate their asia culture .	At a Chinese restaurant , a grouping of people celebrate their Asian culture .
neutral	a panels of people celebrate their asian culture .	At a Chinese restaurant , a panel of people celebrate their Asian culture .
neutral	a group of people celebrate their asian culture .	At a Chinese restaurant , a group of people celebrate their Asian culture .
neutral	A man wearing a yellow bicycling jacket on a bike in midair with a man watching in the background	A men preforms tricks on a motorcycle .
neutral	A masculine wearing a yellow bicycle jacket on a bikes in aviation with a man watching in the background	A mens preforms tricks on a motorcycle .
neutral	A men wearing a yellow bicycling jacket on a bicycles in midair with a male watching in the background	A males preforms tricks on a cyclist .
neutral	Two daschunds playing with a red ball	Two dogs playing fetch .
neutral	Two daschunds play with a red ball	Two dogs play fetch .
neutral	Two daschunds play with a red ball	Two dogs play fetch .
neutral	A guy and a girls look down a mountain range .	The couple is going to climbing the mountains .
neutral	A guy and a daughters look down a mountain range .	The couple is going to climbing the mountains .
neutral	A guy and a daughters look down a mountain range .	The couple is going to climb the mountains .
neutral	Guy in uniforms standing on the side of a studies moving through the water .	A mens in the Navy stands on a sail in the cooling airliner .
neutral	Guy in uniformed standing on the side of a studied moving through the water .	A males in the Navy stands on a browse in the cooling jets .
neutral	Guy in uniformed standing on the side of a exploring moving through the water .	A male in the Navy stands on a navigate in the cool airplane .
neutral	Guy in uniform standing on the side of a examining moving through the water .	A men in the Navy is ships through the water .
neutral	Guy in uniformed standing on the side of a explore moving through the water .	A male in the Navy is ships through the water .
neutral	Guy in uniform standing on the side of a yachting moving through the water .	A males in the Navy is sailing through the water .
neutral	A man standing on a green surveys .	He is going navigating .
neutral	A males standing on a green studies .	He is going navigate .
neutral	A men standing on a green survey .	He is going navigating .
neutral	A males standing on a green explores .	He is outboard .
neutral	A man standing on a green navigator .	He is outer .
neutral	A masculine standing on a green probing .	He is exterior .
neutral	Artists install a newest exhibit in a gallery .	People put up new art .
neutral	Artists install a newer exhibit in a gallery .	People put up novel art .
neutral	Artists install a newest exhibit in a gallery .	People put up newest art .
neutral	The rhythmic gymnast completes her floor exercises at the competition .	The gymnast finish her fierce exercising .
neutral	The rhythmic gymnast complete her floor exercise at the rivalry .	The gymnast complete her intense drills .
neutral	The rhythmic gymnast finish her floor exercises at the competition .	The gymnast finish her fierce exercise .
neutral	Two people are riding bicycle next to a building .	Two people are riding red mopeds next to a building .
neutral	Two people are riding biking next to a building .	Two people are riding red cycle next to a building .
neutral	Two people are riding bike next to a building .	Two people are riding red motorbikes next to a building .
neutral	The woman soccer team is getting last minute instruction from their coaching .	The soccer team is listening to their coaches for their last play to won the soccer game .
neutral	The women soccer team is getting last minute instruction from their coaching .	The soccer team is listening to their coach for their last play to won the soccer game .
neutral	The females soccer team is getting last minute instruction from their coach .	The soccer team is listening to their coaching for their last play to win the soccer game .
neutral	A individuals wearing a straw hat , standing outboard working a steel apparatus with a piling of coconuts on the ground .	A individuals is selling coconuts .
neutral	A person wearing a straw hat , standing outdoor working a steel apparatus with a pile of coconuts on the ground .	A persons is sells coconuts .
neutral	A individuals wearing a straw hat , standing exterior working a steel apparatus with a piling of coconuts on the ground .	A person is sells coconuts .
neutral	A masculine drops something , reaching for it while a woman in a beige blazer discusses an major themes .	A masculine reaches for a portable while his companion tells him roughly her lifetime .
neutral	A mens drops something , reaching for it while a women in a beige blazer discusses an major topics .	A masculine reaches for a laptop while his companion tells him roughly her lifetime .
neutral	A masculine drops something , reaching for it while a female in a beige blazer discusses an important theme .	A masculine reaches for a notebooks while his companion tells him roughly her lifetime .
neutral	Asian people about to perform animal balloons .	people perform for kids
neutral	Asian people about to perform animals balloons .	people perform for kids
neutral	Asian people about to perform animals balloons .	people perform for kids
neutral	A masculine is sitting in the green chair , conversations on the cellphones , and working on the movable , and there is construction site next to his building .	The male can hear the construction going on .
neutral	A male is sitting in the green chair , discussions on the telephones , and working on the laptops , and there is construction site next to his building .	The man can hear the construction going on .
neutral	A male is sitting in the green chair , conversations on the telephones , and working on the mobile , and there is construction site next to his building .	The male can hear the construction going on .
neutral	Two daughter in black dresses enjoying a nighttime on the town .	Two minor daughters enjoying a night on the town .
neutral	Two girl in black dresses enjoying a night on the city .	Two smaller girls enjoying a night on the town .
neutral	Two daughters in black dresses enjoying a night on the city .	Two kid girls enjoying a nighttime on the town .
neutral	Three minors girl and a baby are sitting in the grass on a blue blanket with baby toys scattered on it .	Four sisters playing with each other .
neutral	Three juveniles girls and a baby are sitting in the grass on a blue blanket with baby toys scattered on it .	Four sisters playing with each other .
neutral	Three miner daughters and a baby are sitting in the grass on a blue blanket with baby toys scattered on it .	Four sisters playing with each other .
neutral	A boy wearing a yellow shirt , khaki underpants , and blue and yellow shoe is hitting a tennis ball off a wall with a tennis racket .	A miner is getting braced for his junior athletes league tennis tournament .
neutral	A boy wearing a yellow shirt , khaki trousers , and blue and yellow footwear is hitting a tennis ball off a wall with a tennis racket .	A youthful is getting readies for his junior sporting league tennis tournament .
neutral	A boy wearing a yellow shirt , khaki breeches , and blue and yellow footwear is hitting a tennis ball off a wall with a tennis racket .	A minor is getting ready for his junior athletics league tennis tournament .
neutral	A boy in an all blue uniforms karate a blue soccer ball in a grassy sphere .	A boy is play with the other teenage .
neutral	A boy in an all blue standardized karate a blue soccer ball in a grassy areas .	A boy is play with the other juvenile .
neutral	A boy in an all blue uniforms kicks a blue soccer ball in a grassy sphere .	A boy is play with the other teenager .
neutral	Two woman wearing aprons and hairnets look at each other while they reach into metal canisters .	Two female are working .
neutral	Two female wearing aprons and hairnets look at each other while they reach into metals canisters .	Two females are working .
neutral	Two women wearing aprons and hairnets look at each other while they reach into metallic canisters .	Two women are working .
neutral	Two women wearing aprons and hairnets look at each other while they reach into metal canisters .	Two females are running a kitchen .
neutral	Two female wearing aprons and hairnets look at each other while they reach into metallic canisters .	Two female are running a kitchen .
neutral	Two woman wearing aprons and hairnets look at each other while they reach into metallic canisters .	Two women are running a kitchen .
neutral	Woman in dark shirt standing alone in front of a yellow auto .	She is hailing a taxis .
neutral	Woman in dark shirt standing alone in front of a yellow automobiles .	She is hailing a taxi .
neutral	Woman in dark shirt standing alone in front of a yellow car .	She is hailing a cab .
neutral	A panel of female and males are in the water wit their clothing on .	The panel of people are swimming in the water .
neutral	A group of woman and man are in the water wit their clothing on .	The groups of people are swimming in the water .
neutral	A panels of female and mens are in the water wit their sportswear on .	The group of people are swim in the water .
neutral	At a tables with an art camp pamphlet on it , a youngsters women and an seniors man are painting ceramic under the overseeing of a blond female wearing a name tagged .	Two people are trying to finishing up a project avant an art contest
neutral	At a tables with an art camp flier on it , a teens woman and an antiquated masculine are paintings pottery under the monitored of a blond female wearing a name labeling .	Two people are trying to completing up a projects avant an art contest
neutral	At a table with an art camp flyers on it , a miners woman and an elder men are paints ceramics under the supervising of a blond female wearing a name tagged .	Two people are trying to complete up a project before an art contest
neutral	There are two people walking in the sand .	The two people walking in the sand are on a date .
neutral	There are two people walking in the sand .	The two people walking in the sand are on a dating .
neutral	There are two people walking in the sand .	The two people walking in the sand are on a date .
neutral	A woman is shave the hair off of a negro and white dog .	The tan dog is being groomed on the table .
neutral	A females is shaving the hair off of a black and white dog .	The tan dog is being groomed on the tables .
neutral	A female is shave the hairdo off of a black and white dog .	The tan dog is being groomed on the table .
neutral	A boy hits a tennis ball on a courts .	The boy is good at tennis .
neutral	A boy hits a tennis ball on a court .	The boy is good at tennis .
neutral	A boy hits a tennis ball on a court .	The boy is good at tennis .
neutral	A female is shave the hairstyle off of a negro and white dog .	The woman is holding a some mowers in her hand .
neutral	A women is shaving the hairstyle off of a negro and white dog .	The female is holding a some mowers in her hand .
neutral	A woman is shave the hair off of a negro and white dog .	The women is holding a some mowers in her hand .
neutral	oh yea these suckers cant catch me .	Dog running down the street .
neutral	oh yea these suckers cant catch me .	Dog running down the street .
neutral	oh yea these suckers cant catch me .	Dog running down the street .
neutral	There are a grouping of track runners bracing to take off .	The track racers are all negro ethniticity
neutral	There are a group of track racers bracing to take off .	The track runners are all black ethniticity
neutral	There are a groups of track runners bracing to take off .	The track runners are all black ethniticity
neutral	There are a groups of track racers bracing to take off .	The track racers are competiting to winning the race
neutral	There are a grouping of track runners bracing to take off .	The track racers are competiting to winning the race
neutral	There are a panels of track racers bracing to take off .	The track racers are competiting to wins the race
neutral	Two guys sit on opposite sides of a strange billboard .	The two guys are workers working on the billboard taking a break .
neutral	Two guys sit on opposite sides of a odd billboard .	The two guys are workers working on the billboard taking a break .
neutral	Two guys sit on opposite sides of a odd billboard .	The two guys are workers working on the billboard taking a break .
neutral	A women floats in an innertube in a huge organs of water .	The females is in the nautical .
neutral	A female floats in an innertube in a heavy organ of water .	The females is in the oceans .
neutral	A female floats in an innertube in a gigantic bodies of water .	The female is in the marine .
neutral	A masculine who wears goggles , a blue shirt and a Chicago White Sox chaps holds a adolescents boy who also wears a blue shirt .	The males the baseball is taking his sons to a baseball game today .
neutral	A mens who wears sunglasses , a blue shirt and a Chicago White Sox ceilings holds a teenaged boy who also wears a blue shirt .	The men the baseball is taking his sons to a baseball game today .
neutral	A masculine who wears spectacles , a blue shirt and a Chicago White Sox chaps holds a child boy who also wears a blue shirt .	The men the baseball is taking his son to a baseball games today .
neutral	A youths boy learning how to ride a horse	The ginger-haired adolescents holds the pony 's reins .
neutral	A youth boy learn how to ride a horse	The ginger-haired children holds the pony 's reins .
neutral	A adolescent boy learns how to ride a horse	The ginger-haired child holds the pony 's reins .
neutral	A golden retriever nurses puppies .	A golden retriever nurse some other dogs puppies
neutral	A golden retriever nurses puppies .	A golden retriever nurses some other dogs puppies
neutral	A golden retriever nurse puppies .	A golden retriever nurses some other dogs puppies
neutral	A males wearing shorts looks at his cellular while a women walks exterior a little building .	The man 's shorts are red .
neutral	A man wearing shorts looks at his movable while a females walks outside a little building .	The masculine 's shorts are red .
neutral	A masculine wearing shorts looks at his movable while a woman walks outdoor a small building .	The mens 's shorts are red .
neutral	Shadowed bike jumps over camera at sunset as shadowed photographing film .	A biking is performing for a newest sports show .
neutral	Shadowed bike jumps over camera at sunset as shaded photo cinema .	A mopeds is performing for a new sports show .
neutral	Shadowed bicycling jumps over camera at sunset as shadowed picture film .	A bike is performing for a newest athlete show .
neutral	A sitting mens is holding a partly carved stone in front a partly paint wall .	The masculine is a sculptor .
neutral	A sitting man is holding a partly carved stone in front a partly painted wall .	The male is a sculptor .
neutral	A sitting male is holding a partially carved stone in front a partly paintings wall .	The men is a sculptor .
neutral	A tan-skinned men sitting in a chairs with a backpack under his arm , conversation on a white cellphones .	A teens mens sitting in a chair with a sac under his arm , discussions on a white mammoth telephone .
neutral	A tan-skinned masculine sitting in a chairs with a wallets under his arm , conversation on a white phones .	A underage man sitting in a chair with a sac under his arm , conversation on a white monumental cellphones .
neutral	A tan-skinned males sitting in a chair with a backpack under his arm , conversations on a white cellphones .	A young mens sitting in a chair with a bag under his arm , talking on a white monumental phone .
neutral	The wind propels a examined probing on a panel of cruisers .	The studied nearly hits a cruiser .
neutral	The wind propels a battleship sail on a panels of cruisers .	The investigate almost hits a cruiser .
neutral	The wind propels a explore examine on a group of cruisers .	The battleship almost hits a cruiser .
neutral	A mens in neon green Seahawks sweatshirt leans on a railing .	A males is scalping ticket to a Seahawks game .
neutral	A man in neon green Seahawks sweatshirt leans on a railing .	A men is scalping ticket to a Seahawks game .
neutral	A masculine in neon green Seahawks sweatshirt leans on a railing .	A males is scalping tickets to a Seahawks games .
neutral	A teenagers mens in a big brown winter coat stands in front of a blue railing with his gun spread .	The adolescence man is at his grandmothers homes .
neutral	A underage males in a vast brown winter coat stands in front of a blue railing with his firearms spread .	The young males is at his grandmothers houses .
neutral	A youth males in a monumental brown winter coat stands in front of a blue railing with his pistol spreading .	The teenager man is at his grandmothers homes .
neutral	a males standing against a building , in the sunshine , as you can see the shadow of the person taking his picture	A female is taking a image of a men standing outside in the sunlight .
neutral	a mens standing against a building , in the sunshine , as you can see the shadow of the persons taking his picture	A female is taking a photographic of a male standing outboard in the sunshine .
neutral	a mens standing against a building , in the sunshine , as you can see the shadow of the persons taking his picture	A woman is taking a picture of a man standing outboard in the sunlight .
neutral	Two mens roasting marshmallows in a fire pit .	The two man are friends
neutral	Two men roasting marshmallows in a fire pit .	The two masculine are friends
neutral	Two masculine roasting marshmallows in a fire pit .	The two male are friends
neutral	An antiquated woman wearing a skis hat and spectacles is sitting on a blue chair .	A enormous humanity sitting .
neutral	An aged woman wearing a ski hat and sunglasses is sitting on a blue chairs .	A large human sitting .
neutral	An age female wearing a skis hat and sunglasses is sitting on a blue chair .	A heavy human sitting .
neutral	A man smoker while leaning against a pillar , which has a `` missing individuals '' manual posted on it .	a man smoked a collective outside
neutral	A males smoked while leaning against a pillar , which has a `` missing persons '' guidebook posted on it .	a males smoking a joint outside
neutral	A men smoking while leaning against a pillar , which has a `` missing individuals '' guide posted on it .	a masculine cigarettes a joint outside
neutral	A underage men in a monumental brown winter coat stands in front of a blue railing with his gun spreading .	The railing is in front of a frozen lake .
neutral	A teenagers man in a heavy brown winter coat stands in front of a blue railing with his weapon spreading .	The railing is in front of a freeze lake .
neutral	A underage mens in a vast brown winter coat stands in front of a blue railing with his arms spread .	The railing is in front of a freezing lake .
neutral	A panel of racers are running toward two identical skyscrapers .	The racers are competing in a marathon .
neutral	A groups of racers are running towards two identical skyscrapers .	The racers are competing in a marathon .
neutral	A panels of runners are running toward two same skyscrapers .	The racers are competing in a marathon .
neutral	Children playing on a sidewalk with dolls and chalk .	kids play at a park outside
neutral	Children play on a pavement with dolls and chalk .	kids playing at a park outside
neutral	Children play on a sidewalk with dolls and chalk .	kids playing at a park outside
neutral	Boy wearing red hat , blue jacket pushing plow in snowy .	The boy pushes as hard as he can
neutral	Boy wearing red hat , blue jacket pushing plow in snowy .	The boy pushes as tough as he can
neutral	Boy wearing red hat , blue jacket pushing plow in snow .	The boy pushes as tough as he can
neutral	A persons is posed with one leg raised and one arm out at a rivalry with their teammates in the background .	A men posed at a baseball game .
neutral	A individuals is posed with one leg raised and one arm out at a competitions with their teammates in the background .	A masculine posed at a baseball game .
neutral	A person is posed with one leg raised and one arm out at a contest with their teammates in the background .	A male posed at a baseball games .
neutral	grouping of people sweep the floor and cleaning	Some janitors are sweeping floors and cleaning the campus late at nightly .
neutral	panels of people sweeping the floor and cleaning	Some janitors are sweeping floors and cleanup the campus late at nighttime .
neutral	panels of people sweeping the floor and cleaning	Some janitors are sweep floors and cleaning the campus late at nighttime .
neutral	Five People are kneeling between two park vehicular , and one males is approaching with his arm raised into the planes .	A odd rite is being performed .
neutral	Five People are kneeling between two park automobiles , and one man is approaching with his arm raised into the aircraft .	A odd rite is being performed .
neutral	Five People are kneeling between two park vehicles , and one mens is approaching with his arm raised into the airliner .	A strange ritual is being performed .
neutral	A negro men wearing a down jacket with his pistols spreading and holding a pink comb .	A males was wearing a jacket in winter .
neutral	A black mens wearing a down jacket with his guns spreading and holding a pink comb .	A males was wearing a jacket in winter .
neutral	A negro mens wearing a down jacket with his guns spread and holding a pink comb .	A male was wearing a jacket in winter .
neutral	A male is sitting on a blue bench with a blue blanket covering his face .	A masculine is taking a nap on a bench .
neutral	A masculine is sitting on a blue bench with a blue blanket covering his face .	A male is taking a nap on a bench .
neutral	A masculine is sitting on a blue bench with a blue blanket covering his face .	A male is taking a nap on a bench .
neutral	A teenage daughters wearing yellow shorts and a white tank top using a cane poles to fishes at a petite pond .	A daughters is fishing in the a pond in the summertime .
neutral	A adolescence daughters wearing yellow shorts and a white tank top using a cane pole to fishes at a little pond .	A daughters is fishing in the a pond in the summertime .
neutral	A youth girl wearing yellow shorts and a white tank top using a cane poles to fish at a little pond .	A girl is fishing in the a pond in the summertime .
neutral	A minors boy plays with the contents of a pantry and a finances registered , pretending he runs a grocery boutique .	A juvenile boy is play with flour and sugar sac .
neutral	A youth boy plays with the contents of a pantry and a cash logs , pretending he runs a grocery boutique .	A adolescence boy is play with flour and sugar purse .
neutral	A minor boy plays with the contents of a pantry and a funds register , pretending he runs a grocery store .	A juveniles boy is play with flour and sugar handbag .
neutral	A younger males attired in clan garb .	A youth male wheres tribes garment for a ceremony .
neutral	A younger masculine clothed in clan attire .	A young males wheres clan apparel for a ceremony .
neutral	A cadet man attired in tribes garb .	A miner man wheres tribal garment for a ceremony .
neutral	A masculine in tribes garb is walking down the street while spectators are standing behind red and white obstacle register .	A aboriginal america actor is approximately to re-inact a famous gunfight at a sightseeing ghosttown
neutral	A mens in tribal dress is walking down the street while spectators are standing behind red and white barrier recording .	A natives american actor is approximately to re-inact a famous gunfight at a tourist ghosttown
neutral	A masculine in clan dress is walking down the street while spectators are standing behind red and white hurdles inscription .	A native america actor is approximately to re-inact a famous gunfight at a sightseeing ghosttown
neutral	A men wearing plumes on his head and clothed in a Native American costume , stands in front of a crowd of people on the street .	The plumes are colorful .
neutral	A men wearing feathers on his head and clothed in a Native American costume , stands in front of a crowd of people on the street .	The plumes are colorful .
neutral	A males wearing feathers on his head and dressed in a Native American costume , stands in front of a crowd of people on the street .	The feathers are colorful .
neutral	An outdated man in a scotland shirt and blue undergarments is looking in a telescopes on a sunny day .	The man in the bourbon shirt is looking through a telescope to see stars at daytime .
neutral	An elders mens in a whisky shirt and blue underpants is quest in a telescopes on a sunny day .	The masculine in the scotch shirt is quest through a telescopes to see stars at daylight .
neutral	An antique men in a bourbon shirt and blue panties is search in a telescopes on a sunny day .	The masculine in the scotch shirt is searching through a telescopes to see stars at daytime .
neutral	Two male stand on stairs with an assortment of chairs and a woven basket in the foreground .	The man are sibling .
neutral	Two man stand on stairs with an assortment of chairs and a woven basket in the foreground .	The men are fraternal .
neutral	Two male stand on stairs with an assortment of chair and a woven basket in the foreground .	The masculine are brothers .
neutral	A masculine is posing on a skis board with snowy in the background .	A naked mens is posing on a skis board with snowy in the background .
neutral	A male is posing on a ski board with snow in the background .	A bare men is posing on a skis board with snow in the background .
neutral	A male is posing on a skis board with snowy in the background .	A hairless men is posing on a skis board with snowy in the background .
neutral	A male stands with his shotguns out interior a enormous green piece of equipment .	He is trying to get it working again .
neutral	A men stands with his revolver out inland a overwhelming green piece of equipment .	He is trying to get it working again .
neutral	A man stands with his arms out indoor a big green piece of equipment .	He is trying to get it working again .
neutral	A men in a brown jacket stands with his weapon spreading .	The masculine pleads for mercy .
neutral	A males in a brown jacket stands with his pistol spreading .	The men pleads for mercy .
neutral	A masculine in a brown jacket stands with his armed spreading .	The mens pleads for mercy .
neutral	A youth black males wearing a dark leather jacket and gloves is standing on a lit stages , search down .	A negro males is performing in a play .
neutral	A child negro mens wearing a dark leather jacket and gloves is standing on a lit stage , searches down .	A negro male is performing in a playing .
neutral	A teen negro men wearing a dark leather jacket and gloves is standing on a illuminated stage , quest down .	A negro males is performing in a playing .
neutral	A guy in boots , jeans and a blue shirt is falling off a bull by a cowboy standing on a red fence with the numbers 2 and 4 on it .	A men standed near the fences to show the digit .
neutral	A guy in boots , jeans and a blue shirt is falling off a bull by a cowboy standing on a red fences with the digit 2 and 4 on it .	A man standed near the fencing to show the figures .
neutral	A guy in boots , jeans and a blue shirt is falling off a bull by a cowboy standing on a red fences with the figures 2 and 4 on it .	A male standed near the fence to show the figures .
neutral	A men in a blue shirt touches his head while talking to two woman outdoors .	three people on work break
neutral	A mens in a blue shirt touches his head while discussions to two women outdoors .	three people on work break
neutral	A man in a blue shirt touches his head while discussions to two females outdoors .	three people on work break
neutral	A groups of people stares at a wall that is filled with drawings in a building .	A panel of people analyzing art together
neutral	A panels of people stares at a wall that is filled with drawings in a building .	A groups of people analyse art together
neutral	A panel of people stares at a wall that is filled with drawings in a building .	A grouping of people analyzing art together
neutral	A small boy in a red shirt and swimming trunks plays at the beach .	The boy is having fun .
neutral	A petite boy in a red shirt and swimming trunks plays at the beach .	The boy is having fun .
neutral	A little boy in a red shirt and swimming trunks plays at the beach .	The boy is having fun .
neutral	people are enjoying food at a crowded restaurant .	The people are celebrating their father 's birthday at a local restaurant .
neutral	people are enjoying food at a crowded restaurant .	The people are celebrating their father 's birthday at a local restaurant .
neutral	people are enjoying food at a crowded restaurant .	The people are celebrating their fathers 's birthday at a local restaurant .
neutral	Brown equestrian standing in the background while males in a white cowboy hat and blue long-sleeve shirt is walking off .	A horse is near a masculine who is about to ride it .
neutral	Brown equestrian standing in the background while masculine in a white cowboy hat and blue long-sleeve shirt is walking off .	A horse is near a masculine who is about to ride it .
neutral	Brown horse standing in the background while mens in a white cowboy hat and blue long-sleeve shirt is walking off .	A equestrian is near a male who is about to ride it .
neutral	A small boy with blond-hair stares down at display cases featuring biscuit and cakes .	A boy is hungry for some cookie and cakes , but does n't have any funding .
neutral	A small boy with blond-hair stares down at display cases featuring cookie and cakes .	A boy is hungry for some biscuit and cakes , but does n't have any finances .
neutral	A small boy with blond-hair stares down at display case featuring cookies and cakes .	A boy is hungry for some biscuit and cakes , but does n't have any monetary .
neutral	A males wearing a red vest is walking past a black and green fencing .	The masculine wearing the vest is walking down the street .
neutral	A mens wearing a red vest is walking past a negro and green fencing .	The masculine wearing the vest is walking down the street .
neutral	A males wearing a red vest is walking past a black and green fencing .	The masculine wearing the vest is walking down the street .
neutral	Two people cooks a meal together in a household kitchen .	The people are cook a dinner for Valentine 's Day .
neutral	Two people cooks a meal together in a household kitchen .	The people are cook a dinner for Valentine 's Day .
neutral	Two people cooking a meal together in a household kitchen .	The people are cook a dinner for Valentine 's Day .
neutral	Women wearing a negro top and goggles speaking into a blue tipped microphone with another women beside her writing .	A female giving a seminar has her words recordings by her transcriber .
neutral	Women wearing a negro top and glasses speaking into a blue tipped microphone with another women beside her write .	A female giving a seminar has her words logs by her transcriber .
neutral	Women wearing a negro top and spectacles speaking into a blue tipped mics with another woman beside her write .	A woman giving a seminar has her words recording by her transcriber .
neutral	A persons in a ken-do outfit is standing there wait .	A tall human standing
neutral	A person in a ken-do outfit is standing there waiting .	A tall mankind standing
neutral	A individuals in a ken-do outfit is standing there wait .	A tall human standing
neutral	a woman with brown hairstyle sitting on a bench exterior a cafe .	Woman wait for a friend at a cafe .
neutral	a female with brown hairstyle sitting on a bench outdoor a cafe .	Woman wait for a friend at a cafe .
neutral	a female with brown hair sitting on a bench outer a cafe .	Woman waiting for a friend at a cafe .
neutral	A male in reflective sunglasses , a skull T-shirt , and lengthy red shorts sits out of the sun in a fold chairs .	The male is a hippie .
neutral	A man in reflective eyeglasses , a skull T-shirt , and lengthy red shorts sits out of the sun in a fold chairs .	The masculine is a hippie .
neutral	A male in reflective spectacles , a skull T-shirt , and long red shorts sits out of the sun in a folding chair .	The man is a hippie .
neutral	youths are sitting in chairs with a music stand in the background .	Children are having fun at Tommy 's birthday parties .
neutral	underage are sitting in chair with a music stand in the background .	Children are having fun at Tommy 's birthday parties .
neutral	teenagers are sitting in chairs with a music stand in the background .	Children are having fun at Tommy 's birthday party .
neutral	A negro and white poultry with a yellow beak is flying .	Bird flying outside against the sky
neutral	A black and white bird with a yellow beak is flying .	Bird flying outer against the sky
neutral	A black and white bird with a yellow beak is flying .	Bird flying outboard against the sky
neutral	We can see the white underwear of the man wearing the red soccer jersey because he is pulling up his shorts .	People are looking at sexy underwear .
neutral	We can see the white underwear of the males wearing the red soccer jersey because he is pulling up his shorts .	People are search at sexy underwear .
neutral	We can see the white underwear of the men wearing the red soccer jersey because he is pulling up his shorts .	People are searches at sexy underwear .
neutral	We can see the white underwear of the males wearing the red soccer jersey because he is pulling up his shorts .	People are looking at underwear .
neutral	We can see the white underwear of the male wearing the red soccer jersey because he is pulling up his shorts .	People are searching at underwear .
neutral	We can see the white underwear of the mens wearing the red soccer jersey because he is pulling up his shorts .	People are searching at underwear .
neutral	A panel of men playing music , the male holding a guitar is talking to a masculine with drumming .	A band plays salsa music .
neutral	A groups of males playing music , the masculine holding a guitar is discussions to a men with drumming .	A band plays salsa music .
neutral	A panel of man playing music , the mens holding a guitar is discussions to a male with drumming .	A band plays salsa music .
neutral	masculine in blue shirt sitting on the side of the path with a wheelbarrow of vegetables	A mens sell fresh cornfield on the side of the pathway .
neutral	mens in blue shirt sitting on the side of the route with a wheelbarrow of vegetables	A man sale fresh corn on the side of the routing .
neutral	mens in blue shirt sitting on the side of the route with a wheelbarrow of vegetables	A mens sale fresh cornfield on the side of the paths .
neutral	man in blue shirt sitting on the side of the paths with a wheelbarrow of vegetables	A male wheeled a wheelbarrow full of vegetables to a boutique .
neutral	man in blue shirt sitting on the side of the paths with a wheelbarrow of vegetables	A men wheeled a wheelbarrow full of vegetables to a store .
neutral	men in blue shirt sitting on the side of the road with a wheelbarrow of vegetables	A male wheel a wheelbarrow full of vegetables to a boutique .
neutral	A red dog jumps and catches a tennis ball in its mouth .	a dog catching a ball he just got as a gift
neutral	A red dog jumps and catches a tennis ball in its mouth .	a dog catching a ball he just got as a gift
neutral	A red dog jumps and catches a tennis ball in its mouth .	a dog catching a ball he just got as a gift
neutral	Older males sitting in front of a cafe quest out at the street .	Older mens eating dinner
neutral	Older mens sitting in front of a cafe looking out at the street .	Older males eating dinner
neutral	Older man sitting in front of a cafe search out at the street .	Older masculine eating dinner
neutral	A gas station and a autos on fire .	A vehicular sets a gas station on fire .
neutral	A gas station and a motors on fire .	A motors sets a gas station on fire .
neutral	A gas station and a automobile on fire .	A auto sets a gas station on fire .
neutral	This is a very jumbo vegetable stand under a white tent .	There is a fresh food market .
neutral	This is a very heavy vegetable stand under a white tent .	There is a fresh food marketplace .
neutral	This is a very large vegetable stand under a white tent .	There is a fresh food marketplace .
neutral	Three underage and adults in the background , all pretend to sleeping .	The youngsters are playing a bedtime games with their parents .
neutral	Three minor and adult in the background , all pretend to slept .	The adolescent are playing a bedtime games with their parents .
neutral	Three minors and adults in the background , all pretend to sleeping .	The youngsters are play a bedtime game with their parents .
neutral	A crowd gathered around a teen men who is performing .	He is play guitar for the crowd .
neutral	A crowd gathered around a kid male who is performing .	He is playing guitar for the crowd .
neutral	A crowd gathered around a teen man who is performing .	He is playing guitar for the crowd .
neutral	Two people are running in the grass by a hill .	A men and a woman are running as portion of their training for a marathon .
neutral	Two people are running in the grass by a hill .	A men and a female are running as portion of their training for a marathon .
neutral	Two people are running in the grass by a hill .	A man and a women are running as portion of their training for a marathon .
neutral	A women wearing a tank top and negro undergarments is laying on the ground while quest at a book .	A women is deciding whether or not to read a book .
neutral	A females wearing a tank top and negro undergarments is laying on the ground while searching at a book .	A females is deciding whether or not to read a book .
neutral	A women wearing a tank top and black breeches is laying on the ground while searching at a book .	A woman is decide whether or not to read a book .
neutral	An senior male is speaking to a boy while both are sitting .	Grandpa is lecturing
neutral	An seniors masculine is speaking to a boy while both are sitting .	Grandpa is lecturing
neutral	An older male is speaking to a boy while both are sitting .	Grandpa is lecturing
neutral	a women in jeans and a female in shorts are petting a baby kangaroo .	The woman are enjoying a nice date out at the zoo .
neutral	a females in jeans and a woman in shorts are petting a baby kangaroo .	The women are enjoying a nice dating out at the zoo .
neutral	a females in jeans and a women in shorts are petting a baby kangaroo .	The women are enjoying a nice dates out at the animals .
neutral	A males is playing the saxophone in the street and some people are sitting on the curb next to the street by him .	A man is trying to earns funding by play for other people on the street .
neutral	A man is play the saxophone in the street and some people are sitting on the curb next to the street by him .	A males is trying to earns money by playing for other people on the street .
neutral	A male is play the saxophone in the street and some people are sitting on the curb next to the street by him .	A masculine is trying to earns cash by play for other people on the street .
neutral	People enjoying food exterior of a restaurant .	Some people enjoying their brunch together in the exterior seats sphere of a restaurant for mom 's day .
neutral	People enjoying food outdoor of a restaurant .	Some people enjoying their brunch together in the outdoor seats zone of a restaurant for mother 's day .
neutral	People enjoying food outboard of a restaurant .	Some people enjoying their brunch together in the exterior seating sphere of a restaurant for mam 's day .
neutral	A black men wearing tan shorts , a yellow sweatshirt , and a baseball caps is holding up his hand and talking to an Asian females posing with another underage negro male while they are holding red flags with yellow stars .	the mens is a doctor
neutral	A black man wearing tan shorts , a yellow sweatshirt , and a baseball ceiling is holding up his hand and talking to an Asian females posing with another teenaged negro male while they are holding red flags with yellow stars .	the mens is a doctor
neutral	A negro masculine wearing tan shorts , a yellow sweatshirt , and a baseball ceiling is holding up his hand and conversations to an Asian female posing with another youth negro males while they are holding red flags with yellow stars .	the man is a doctor
neutral	A masculine a woman posing for a image .	A happy children couple are posing for a portrait .
neutral	A masculine a female posing for a image .	A happy children couple are posing for a portrait .
neutral	A males a women posing for a photos .	A happy youngsters couple are posing for a portrait .
neutral	A masculine and a women are dances in the crowd .	a couple dances among other people
neutral	A mens and a women are dancing in the crowd .	a couple dances among other people
neutral	A mens and a female are dance in the crowd .	a couple dances among other people
neutral	A man and a female are dances in the crowd .	a couple dance together at their matrimony reception
neutral	A male and a female are dances in the crowd .	a couple dancing together at their marrying reception
neutral	A males and a women are dance in the crowd .	a couple dancing together at their marry reception
neutral	A man wearing and Army shirt is on the ground in a push-up stance , while a masculine in uniform squats beside him .	The man is greasy .
neutral	A men wearing and Army shirt is on the ground in a push-up stance , while a male in standardized squats beside him .	The male is greasy .
neutral	A male wearing and Army shirt is on the ground in a push-up stance , while a masculine in uniforms squats beside him .	The male is gras .
neutral	The backs of a females and her dog as they walk away from the camera with the dog on a red leash and her in a green tank top .	A dog on a red leash getting poised to go to the beach .
neutral	The backs of a women and her dog as they walk away from the camera with the dog on a red leash and her in a green tank top .	A dog on a red leash getting poised to go to the beach .
neutral	The backs of a women and her dog as they walk away from the camera with the dog on a red leash and her in a green tank top .	A dog on a red leash getting braced to go to the beach .
neutral	A male riding his bikes wearing his helmet in front of an audience .	A men is showing a groups of people perfect bicycling form
neutral	A males riding his cycling wearing his helmet in front of an audience .	A males is showing a groups of people perfect bicycle form
neutral	A man riding his moped wearing his helmet in front of an audience .	A masculine is showing a panel of people flawless cycle form
neutral	A males with a plaid shirt stands with his hand on hip at an opened of a enormous tree .	a masculine at the opens of a overwhelming trees in his yard
neutral	A mens with a plaid shirt stands with his hand on hip at an openings of a large trees .	a man at the open of a big tree in his yard
neutral	A men with a scotsman shirt stands with his hand on hip at an open of a gigantic trees .	a males at the openings of a mammoth trees in his yard
neutral	An orange on the floor next to a dog .	The dog is a labrador retriever .
neutral	An orange on the floor next to a dog .	The dog is a labrador retriever .
neutral	An orange on the floor next to a dog .	The dog is a labrador retriever .
neutral	A motorcycle in a red and white uniform is bikes across a garage full of people .	A cycle is in a competitions .
neutral	A bicycle in a red and white uniformed is cyclist across a garage full of people .	A moped is in a competition .
neutral	A moped in a red and white standardized is motorcycle across a garage full of people .	A cycle is in a rivalry .
neutral	A teenage daughters in sunglasses observes something in the distance .	A daughters is searches at the skies from far away .
neutral	A adolescence girl in eyeglasses observes something in the distance .	A daughter is quest at the skies from far away .
neutral	A juveniles daughters in goggles observes something in the distance .	A girls is quest at the skies from far away .
neutral	A panels of mountain hikers rests at the summit .	A grouping of hikers celebrates at the top of Everest .
neutral	A groups of mountain hikers rests at the summit .	A groups of climbers celebrates at the top of Everest .
neutral	A groups of mountain hikers rests at the summit .	A groups of hikers celebrates at the top of Everest .
neutral	A standing man talks to a seated woman while on some kind of motors .	Two people are discussing their relationships .
neutral	A standing mens talks to a seated women while on some sorts of vehicles .	Two people are discussing their relations .
neutral	A standing man talks to a seated woman while on some sorted of vehicle .	Two people are discussing their relationship .
neutral	A boy wearing jeans , standing on rocks in a river and throwing a stone .	A boy with no shirt on throws rocks .
neutral	A boy wearing jeans , standing on rocks in a river and throwing a stone .	A boy with no shirt on throws rocks .
neutral	A boy wearing jeans , standing on rocks in a river and throwing a stone .	A boy with no shirt on throws rocks .
neutral	A man in frock slacks and a blue dress shirt is walking in the shadows of nature .	a men walking around in nature because he 's lost
neutral	A men in dress underpants and a blue frock shirt is walking in the shadows of nature .	a masculine walking around in nature because he 's lost
neutral	A male in attire panties and a blue frock shirt is walking in the shadows of nature .	a male walking around in nature because he 's lost
neutral	Four masculine with baseball ceilings and logo t-shirts laugh together at a tables .	The mens playing baseball together .
neutral	Four masculine with baseball chap and logo t-shirts laugh together at a table .	The mens playing baseball together .
neutral	Four mens with baseball cap and logo t-shirts laughing together at a tables .	The men play baseball together .
neutral	A man in a plaid shirt is walking on a street where there are advert in Chinese .	He is Chinese .
neutral	A masculine in a plaid shirt is walking on a street where there are announcing in Chinese .	He is Chinese .
neutral	A mens in a scotland shirt is walking on a street where there are advertisements in Chinese .	He is Chinese .
neutral	Two people walking outside in the wooden in the winter schedules wearing jerseys with hoods on them .	Two people are walking in the snow lumber behind their home .
neutral	Two people walking outboard in the timber in the winter schedules wearing jackets with hoods on them .	Two people are walking in the snow lumber behind their home .
neutral	Two people walking exterior in the timber in the winter time wearing blazers with hoods on them .	Two people are walking in the snowy woods behind their home .
neutral	A miner boy with close-cropped hairdo , wearing a red robe , is holding a negro kettle as someone is approximately to pour something in it .	a little boy holds a kettle that will soon be filled with salsa
neutral	A miners boy with close-cropped hairstyle , wearing a red robe , is holding a negro kettle as someone is about to pour something in it .	a small boy holds a kettle that volition soon be filled with salsa
neutral	A adolescent boy with close-cropped hairstyle , wearing a red robe , is holding a negro kettle as someone is about to pour something in it .	a petite boy holds a kettle that will soon be filled with salsa
neutral	A boy in a yellow t-shirt and pink jumper talks on a cellular while riding a horse through a crowd of people who are looking on .	A boy has a light yellow t-shirt and pink jumper .
neutral	A boy in a yellow t-shirt and pink jumper talks on a portable while riding a equestrian through a crowd of people who are looking on .	A boy has a light yellow t-shirt and pink sweater .
neutral	A boy in a yellow t-shirt and pink jumper talks on a notebook while riding a equestrian through a crowd of people who are searching on .	A boy has a light yellow t-shirt and pink sweater .
neutral	A boy in a yellow t-shirt and pink jumper talks on a laptop while riding a horse through a crowd of people who are quest on .	A tall individuals in a shirt
neutral	A boy in a yellow t-shirt and pink sweater talks on a cellphone while riding a equestrian through a crowd of people who are quest on .	A tall person in a shirt
neutral	A boy in a yellow t-shirt and pink jumper talks on a portable while riding a horse through a crowd of people who are search on .	A tall individuals in a shirt
neutral	A masculine wearing red skis panties , a black jacket , and a white helmet is snowboarding down a mountain .	The mens is near another individuals .
neutral	A male wearing red ski panties , a negro jacket , and a white helmet is snowboard down a mountain .	The man is near another persons .
neutral	A male wearing red ski pants , a black jacket , and a white helmet is snowboarding down a mountain .	The man is near another person .
neutral	A male is pushing many cartons of bread down the street .	A seller is sell loaves of bread to pedestrians .
neutral	A man is pushing many cartons of bread down the street .	A traders is sells loaves of bread to pedestrians .
neutral	A males is pushing differing cartons of bread down the street .	A dealers is sale loaves of bread to pedestrians .
neutral	A woman carry a pail of flower .	A women carrying a bucket of flowering at overnight .
neutral	A females carry a bucket of flowers .	A female carry a bucket of flowering at night .
neutral	A women carry a pail of flower .	A females carry a bucket of flower at nightly .
neutral	A male is laying down inner a negro , non-working vessel .	The males is asleep .
neutral	A male is laying down indoor a black , non-working navigator .	The men is asleep .
neutral	A masculine is laying down inner a black , non-working boats .	The men is asleep .
neutral	Three juveniles perform a skit roughly camping .	Three boys performed a skit .
neutral	Three teenagers perform a skit about campground .	Three boys performed a skit .
neutral	Three minors perform a skit about campground .	Three boys performed a skit .
neutral	The little child is sitting in a red playground swing .	A father and underage play together .
neutral	The small children is sitting in a red playground swing .	A fathers and juveniles playing together .
neutral	The petite miners is sitting in a red playground swing .	A father and youths playing together .
neutral	A bunch of people are standing all together in a street with a building in the background .	A groups of people are planning something .
neutral	A bunch of people are standing all together in a street with a building in the background .	A groups of people are planning something .
neutral	A bunch of people are standing all together in a street with a building in the background .	A panels of people are planning something .
neutral	A bunch of people are standing all together in a street with a building in the background .	A panel of people are kicking each other .
neutral	A bunch of people are standing all together in a street with a building in the background .	A panel of people are kicking each other .
neutral	A bunch of people are standing all together in a street with a building in the background .	A group of people are kicking each other .
neutral	An accident involving a green Sudan and a gray van .	The grey van had smashed the green sedan 's bumper off .
neutral	An accidents involving a green Sudan and a grey van .	The gray van had smashed the green sedan 's bumper off .
neutral	An accidents involving a green Sudan and a grey van .	The gray van had smashed the green sedan 's bumper off .
neutral	Women are sitting around a table at a restaurant chatting .	Women are visiting .
neutral	Women are sitting around a tables at a restaurant chatting .	Women are visiting .
neutral	Women are sitting around a tables at a restaurant chatting .	Women are visiting .
neutral	A youth girls standing in front of a row of yellow chairs .	A funny individuals standing .
neutral	A teenager daughters standing in front of a row of yellow chairs .	A funny individuals standing .
neutral	A children girl standing in front of a row of yellow chair .	A funny individuals standing .
neutral	Four people and a baby are crossed the street at a crosswalk .	People and a baby are crossed the street at a crosswalk to get home .
neutral	Four people and a baby are crossing the street at a crosswalk .	People and a baby are crossed the street at a crosswalk to get home .
neutral	Four people and a baby are crossing the street at a crosswalk .	People and a baby are crossed the street at a crosswalk to get home .
neutral	Two man cooks , one stirring a pot while making a funny face while the other points at him .	Some males are hungry .
neutral	Two males cooking , one stirring a pot while making a funny face while the other dotted at him .	Some males are hungry .
neutral	Two males cooks , one stirring a pot while making a funny face while the other points at him .	Some man are hungry .
neutral	A men and a females are lies together on a grassy park field near a waterfront .	A couple on a dates lay next to each other in a park .
neutral	A man and a woman are lie together on a grassy park field near a waterfront .	A couple on a dates lay next to each other in a park .
neutral	A man and a women are lying together on a grassy park field near a waterfront .	A couple on a date lay next to each other in a park .
neutral	A males pulling item on a cart .	A males is taking things that he acquired at the store home .
neutral	A male pulling items on a cart .	A man is taking things that he acquired at the boutique home .
neutral	A men pulling items on a cart .	A mens is taking things that he purchased at the store home .
neutral	Two daughter are playing in the snow and throwing snowballs .	The snowballs are from fresh snow .
neutral	Two daughters are playing in the snow and throwing snowballs .	The snowballs are from fresh snowy .
neutral	Two girls are play in the snowy and throwing snowballs .	The snowballs are from fresh snow .
neutral	A masculine is painting letters using a stencil onto a round stand-up sign that is lurks sideways .	A guy works on a sign by putting letters on its round surfaces while it 's on the ground .
neutral	A masculine is painting letters using a stencil onto a round stand-up sign that is lies sideways .	A guy works on a sign by putting letters on its round surfaces while it 's on the ground .
neutral	A men is paints letters using a stencil onto a round stand-up sign that is lie sideways .	A guy works on a sign by putting letters on its round surface while it 's on the ground .
neutral	One males on the left with negro hair , wearing sunglasses , and another males on the right with slightly graying black hairdo , without spectacles but clasping his hands together , are laughing .	the people are a couple
neutral	One mens on the left with negro hairdo , wearing sunglasses , and another man on the right with slightly graying negro hairdo , without spectacles but clasping his hands together , are laugh .	the people are a couple
neutral	One masculine on the left with negro hairdo , wearing sunglasses , and another males on the right with slightly graying black hair , without spectacles but clasping his hands together , are laughing .	the people are a couple
neutral	A woman in the mid of a autos is holding a camera and is pointing it towards the backseat .	She is listening to music .
neutral	A woman in the medium of a motors is holding a camera and is pointing it towards the backseat .	She is listening to music .
neutral	A female in the media of a auto is holding a camera and is pointing it towards the backseat .	She is listening to music .
neutral	Two females wearing dresses are standing exterior on the grass while one of them is holding a cup and saucer .	Two woman in dresses are getting readies for the picnic .
neutral	Two women wearing dresses are standing exterior on the grass while one of them is holding a cup and saucer .	Two females in dresses are getting prepared for the picnic .
neutral	Two woman wearing dresses are standing outdoor on the grass while one of them is holding a cup and dish .	Two female in dresses are getting readies for the picnic .
neutral	A males with a light blue t-shirt outdoor in the openings wearing red ear protected while firing a firearm .	A men is signalling the commencement of a races .
neutral	A mens with a light blue t-shirt outer in the openings wearing red ear protective while firing a guns .	A males is signaling the begin of a race .
neutral	A man with a light blue t-shirt outdoor in the opened wearing red ear protecting while firing a weapon .	A males is signal the initiation of a errand .
neutral	a males with beard sitting down play an acoustic guitar .	The bearded men plays a song and sung along .
neutral	a men with beard sitting down playing an audible guitar .	The bearded man plays a song and sings along .
neutral	a mens with beard sitting down play an audio guitar .	The bearded male plays a song and singing along .
neutral	The males in the dark maroon shirt is kicking something .	the guy kicked his hat
neutral	The man in the dark maroon shirt is kicking something .	the guy kicked his hat
neutral	The mens in the dark maroon shirt is kicking something .	the guy kicked his hat
neutral	The adolescence man is trying to balances on the train tracks .	A teenagers men is trying to balances on the train tracks while riding his cycle .
neutral	The children men is trying to balancing on the train tracks .	A kid mens is trying to balances on the train trails while riding his motorcycle .
neutral	The smaller mens is trying to balances on the train tracks .	A miners males is trying to balances on the train tracks while riding his motorbike .
neutral	A men wearing no shirt is lifting a shovel by a wheelbarrow as he works outboard .	A males is working outside wearing no shirt because it 's hot exterior .
neutral	A man wearing no shirt is hoist a shovel by a wheelbarrow as he works outside .	A man is working outside wearing no shirt because it 's hot exterior .
neutral	A masculine wearing no shirt is lifted a shovel by a wheelbarrow as he works outdoor .	A male is working outside wearing no shirt because it 's hot outside .
neutral	A woman leans over a little fences to take a image of a yellow flower .	The females is a professionals photographer
neutral	A females leans over a small fence to take a photographs of a yellow flowers .	The woman is a professionals photographer
neutral	A females leans over a small fence to take a pictures of a yellow flowers .	The females is a professionals photographer
neutral	A small girl listens to a notebooks .	She is conversations to her daddy on her phone .
neutral	A petite girl listens to a mobiles .	She is talking to her papa on her cellphones .
neutral	A small girls listens to a cellular .	She is conversation to her daddy on her cellphones .
neutral	A women in bridal wear embraces an individual .	The newly marry couple kissing .
neutral	A women in bridal wear embraces an individual .	The newly marrying couple kissing .
neutral	A woman in bridal wear embraces an individual .	The newly weddings couple kiss .
neutral	Two males on stilts and a females twirling a ribbon , lead a festive parade along the streets , while a women looks on from her window .	Two male are on stilts while a women dances between them in the parade .
neutral	Two mens on stilts and a woman twirling a ribbon , lead a festive parade along the streets , while a female looks on from her window .	Two males are on stilts while a female dances between them in the parade .
neutral	Two man on stilts and a women twirling a ribbon , lead a festive parade along the streets , while a women looks on from her window .	Two man are on stilts while a females dancing between them in the parade .
neutral	Two male on stilts and a female twirling a ribbon , lead a festive parade along the streets , while a woman looks on from her window .	Three people are on a parade float .
neutral	Two man on stilts and a woman twirling a ribbon , lead a festive parade along the streets , while a women looks on from her window .	Three people are on a parade float .
neutral	Two males on stilts and a woman twirling a ribbon , lead a festive parade along the streets , while a woman looks on from her window .	Three people are on a parade float .
neutral	Male in a blue jacket decides to lay in the grass .	The guy wearing a blue jacket is laying on the green grass taking a nap .
neutral	Male in a blue jacket decides to lay in the grass .	The guy wearing a blue jacket is laying on the green grass taking a nap .
neutral	Male in a blue jacket decides to lay in the grass .	The guy wearing a blue jacket is laying on the green grass taking a nap .
neutral	Four males in safety gear , one holding a camera , are standing on a platform .	There has been an accident
neutral	Four mens in safety gear , one holding a camera , are standing on a platform .	There has been an accident
neutral	Four mens in safety gear , one holding a camera , are standing on a platform .	There has been an accident
neutral	A petite underage wearing a helmet is in a baby carriers that is on the floor .	The teenager is wearing a helmet because it is going on a bicycle ride with its mummy soon .
neutral	A small teenagers wearing a helmet is in a baby carrier that is on the floor .	The miners is wearing a helmet because it is going on a motorcycles ride with its mum soon .
neutral	A petite teenaged wearing a helmet is in a baby carrier that is on the floor .	The teens is wearing a helmet because it is going on a biking ride with its mom soon .
neutral	two teenager boys in school clothing are walking with something in a garbage purse .	Two boys are carrying a bug in a garbage bags .
neutral	two teenagers boys in school garment are walking with something in a garbage handbags .	Two boys are carrying a bug in a garbage handbag .
neutral	two youthful boys in school clothing are walking with something in a garbage purse .	Two boys are carrying a bug in a garbage purses .
neutral	A person in an orange shirt reaching up .	A individuals is reaching up to grab something .
neutral	A person in an orange shirt reaching up .	A persons is reaching up to grab something .
neutral	A person in an orange shirt reaching up .	A person is reaching up to grab something .
neutral	A children couple riding on a bus with the boy 's arm around the girl .	The couple are hispanic .
neutral	A minor couple riding on a bus with the boy 's arm around the girl .	The couple are hispanic .
neutral	A teen couple riding on a bus with the boy 's arm around the daughter .	The couple are hispanic .
neutral	A females in a green flowered frock is holding a container of yarn animal .	A lady in a garb is trying to selling her yarn zoo .
neutral	A women in a green flowered dress is holding a container of yarn animals .	A dame in a frock is trying to sale her yarn animals .
neutral	A woman in a green flowered attire is holding a container of yarn zoo .	A lady in a garb is trying to selling her yarn animals .
neutral	Several people wearing green shirts walk on the beach together .	Some people are walking on the beach collect sea shells .
neutral	Several people wearing green shirts walk on the beach together .	Some people are walking on the beach collects sea shells .
neutral	Several people wearing green shirts walk on the beach together .	Some people are walking on the beach collections seas shells .
neutral	A gigantic crowd is standing around the start line .	People are getting poised to run
neutral	A immense crowd is standing around the begun line .	People are getting prepared to run
neutral	A big crowd is standing around the initiate line .	People are getting ready to run
neutral	A males dressed in blue places mop inland a green pail as he stands on a roof that forgets a town .	A males is not happy approximately having to clean the roof .
neutral	A mens clothed in blue places mop inner a green bucket as he stands on a roof that ignoring a city .	A males is not happy about having to clean the roof .
neutral	A male dressed in blue places mop internal a green pail as he stands on a roof that ignore a city .	A male is not happy about having to clean the roof .
neutral	A grouping of four teens pose on a muddy beach , smiling and making confronts .	Four adolescents pose during summer vacation .
neutral	A groups of four kids pose on a muddy beach , smiling and making confront .	Four minors pose during summer vacation .
neutral	A group of four minors pose on a muddy beach , smiling and making confronts .	Four kids pose during summer vacation .
neutral	An Asian women clothed in a colorful outfit laugh .	The females is laugh at a joke .
neutral	An Asian female clothed in a colorful outfit laugh .	The female is laugh at a joke .
neutral	An Asian women clothed in a colorful outfit laughing .	The woman is laughing at a joking .
neutral	two people riding their bicycling down a street together .	A couple ride their bicycles on a dates .
neutral	two people riding their bicycling down a street together .	A couple ride their bicycles on a dates .
neutral	two people riding their motorbikes down a street together .	A couple ride their motorcycles on a dating .
neutral	Two man and two females in jerseys walk down a large city street .	People on a double dating in the town .
neutral	Two man and two woman in jackets walk down a monumental town street .	People on a doubles dates in the town .
neutral	Two men and two female in jerseys walk down a immense city street .	People on a doubles dates in the town .
neutral	A males in a army uniformed is holding a photography with tree in it .	The serviceman veteran had entered an art competitions and winning first placing !
neutral	A man in a army uniform is holding a picture with tree in it .	The servicemen veteran had entered an art competitions and won first place !
neutral	A masculine in a army uniformed is holding a photographs with tree in it .	The serviceman veteran had entered an art competitions and winning first place !
neutral	A red Planet Hollywood bus carries diverse people including a males in an orange shirt and baseball cap , one women wearing a purple shirt and another in a red shirt with her back to the camera .	The bus is going to celebrity house .
neutral	A red Planet Hollywood bus carries multiple people including a man in an orange shirt and baseball chap , one females wearing a purple shirt and another in a red shirt with her back to the camera .	The bus is going to celebrity housing .
neutral	A red Planet Hollywood bus carries varying people including a masculine in an orange shirt and baseball caps , one female wearing a purple shirt and another in a red shirt with her back to the camera .	The bus is going to celebrity houses .
neutral	A persons in a negro and green outfit is riding a motorcycles .	a boy rides his bike
neutral	A person in a negro and green outfit is riding a moped .	a boy rides his bike
neutral	A persons in a negro and green outfit is riding a motorbikes .	a boy rides his bike
neutral	Families with strollers waiting in front of a carousel .	Some family have babies .
neutral	Families with strollers wait in front of a carousel .	Some families have babies .
neutral	Families with strollers wait in front of a carousel .	Some families have newborn .
neutral	Several male at a bar watch a sport game on the tvs .	There are males drinking beer at a sportsman bar .
neutral	Several man at a bar watch a sportsmen game on the tvs .	There are males drinking beer at a athletic bar .
neutral	Several mens at a bar watch a sportsmen game on the television .	There are man drinking beer at a sport bar .
neutral	A youths skateboards by a mural of a griffin wielding a flaming sabre .	A adolescent skateboards by a mural that has been vandalised .
neutral	A juvenile skateboards by a mural of a griffin wielding a flaming saber .	A youth skateboards by a mural that has been vandalised .
neutral	A teenaged skateboards by a mural of a griffin wielding a flaming saber .	A juvenile skateboards by a mural that has been vandalised .
neutral	Runners in varying sportsman garb , as well as one individual in a spotted-green lungs costume , run to the right .	Runners see something
neutral	Runners in varying sporting dress , as well as one individual in a spotted-green lung costume , run to the rights .	Runners see something
neutral	Runners in numerous athletic garb , as well as one individual in a spotted-green lung costume , run to the rights .	Runners see something
neutral	A female is cleanup up by putting dishes in the dishwasher after making supper .	a female is cleaning for her husban
neutral	A female is cleanup up by putting dishes in the dishwasher after making supper .	a female is cleanup for her husban
neutral	A woman is cleaning up by putting dishes in the dishwasher after making supper .	a female is cleanup for her husban
neutral	A man in a winter jacket and knitting caps stand with his weapon up at his side in a snow landscape .	A mens is roughly to throw a snowball at someone .
neutral	A male in a winter jacket and knit chaps stand with his pistol up at his side in a snow landscape .	A male is approximately to throw a snowball at someone .
neutral	A man in a winter jacket and knitting ceilings stand with his firearms up at his side in a snow landscape .	A male is roughly to throw a snowball at someone .
neutral	A family is taking portion in a walk-a-thon .	The family is taking placing in the events in memory of another families member .
neutral	A family is taking portion in a walk-a-thon .	The families is taking place in the events in memory of another family members .
neutral	A families is taking part in a walk-a-thon .	The family is taking placing in the event in memory of another families member .
neutral	Black dog running very rapid .	A dog is hunt a duck .
neutral	Black dog running very rapids .	A dog is pursues a duck .
neutral	Black dog running very promptly .	A dog is chases a duck .
neutral	A groups of people is sitting at a gigantic table and using painting brushes to form characters on white paper .	The people are making a welcome home sign .
neutral	A group of people is sitting at a overwhelming table and using paint brushes to form characters on white paper .	The people are making a welcome home sign .
neutral	A groups of people is sitting at a mammoth table and using paintings brushes to form characters on white paper .	The people are making a welcome home sign .
neutral	a mens minor is working on a school projects .	A 16 year senior doing homework .
neutral	a men miner is working on a school project .	A 16 year old doing homework .
neutral	a mens youthful is working on a school projects .	A 16 year older doing homework .
neutral	A boy works on a projects in shop class .	The project is a massive percentage over his total tiers in the class .
neutral	A boy works on a projects in shop class .	The project is a massive percentage over his total grade in the class .
neutral	A boy works on a project in shop class .	The project is a vast percentage over his general grades in the class .
neutral	Two roadside workers with lime green safety jackets , white tricky hats and gloves on with construction cones in the background	Two males are placing construction cones in preparation of a newest pipeline building .
neutral	Two roadside workers with lime green safety jerseys , white tricky hats and gloves on with construction cones in the background	Two men are place construction cones in preparation of a newer pipeline building .
neutral	Two roadside workers with lime green safety jackets , white stiff hats and gloves on with construction cones in the background	Two men are placing construction cones in preparation of a new pipeline building .
neutral	Chefs prepare food on a grill in front of their customer .	The clients are entertained while watching the chiefs make the food .
neutral	Chefs prepare food on a grille in front of their customers .	The clients are entertained while watching the heads make the food .
neutral	Chefs prepare food on a grille in front of their customers .	The customer are entertained while watching the chiefs make the food .
neutral	A bald , negro male wearing safety spectacles and a long-sleeved black shirt is using a pick and hammer to carve a significant rock into art .	A black masculine with no hairstyle is wearing his safety eyeglasses around his neck .
neutral	A bald , black masculine wearing safety goggles and a long-sleeved negro shirt is using a pick and hammer to carve a sizable rock into art .	A black males with no hairdo is wearing his safety spectacles around his neck .
neutral	A bald , black mens wearing safety spectacles and a long-sleeved black shirt is using a pick and hammer to carve a significant rock into art .	A black masculine with no hairstyle is wearing his safety glasses around his neck .
neutral	Three man are sitting on a beach dressed in orange with rejects carts in front of them .	Inmates are cleaning up a beach .
neutral	Three man are sitting on a beach attired in orange with refusing wagons in front of them .	Inmates are cleanliness up a beach .
neutral	Three mens are sitting on a beach clothed in orange with refusing wagons in front of them .	Inmates are cleanliness up a beach .
neutral	During calf roping a cowboy calls off his equestrian .	A first hourly roper falls off his horse .
neutral	During calf roping a cowboy calls off his horse .	A first timetable roper falls off his equestrian .
neutral	During calf roping a cowboy calls off his horse .	A first hourly roper falls off his horse .
neutral	A brown dog and negro and white dog run along the green grass .	Two dogs pursues each other in the afternoon sun .
neutral	A brown dog and negro and white dog run along the green grass .	Two dogs chasing each other in the afternoon sun .
neutral	A brown dog and black and white dog run along the green grass .	Two dogs hunt each other in the afternoon sun .
neutral	A man in a blue plaid shirt with negro slacks is sitting on a box and holding something in his hand .	a men holds a comb on a box
neutral	A masculine in a blue scotland shirt with black slacks is sitting on a box and holding something in his hand .	a masculine holds a comb on a box
neutral	A mens in a blue plaid shirt with negro pants is sitting on a box and holding something in his hand .	a men holds a comb on a box
neutral	A panels of miners sitting on the ground laugh as another boy jumps over the groups .	They are play a game .
neutral	A group of teenage sitting on the ground laugh as another boy jumps over the panel .	They are play a game .
neutral	A grouping of youth sitting on the ground laughing as another boy jumps over the grouping .	They are play a game .
neutral	A female in a black outfit lying face first on a yoga rug ; multiple paints are hanged on the wall , and the sun shines through a immense window near her .	An artist relaxes in her studio .
neutral	A women in a negro outfit lurks face first on a yoga treadmill ; diverse paint are hanged on the wall , and the sun shines through a immense window near her .	An artist relaxes in her studio .
neutral	A female in a black outfit lying face first on a yoga rug ; varied paintings are hanged on the wall , and the sun shines through a huge window near her .	An artist relaxes in her studio .
neutral	A little dog watches two mammoth dogs playing coarse in a field .	One dog is timid to participate .
neutral	A petite dog clocks two jumbo dogs play rough in a field .	One dog is timid to participate .
neutral	A little dog watches two heavy dogs play rough in a field .	One dog is timid to participate .
neutral	Five people standing under a tent-like structure celebrating the 25th Annual Longboard Classic .	The people are families .
neutral	Five people standing under a tent-like structure celebrating the 25th Annual Longboard Classic .	The people are families .
neutral	Five people standing under a tent-like structure celebrating the 25th Annual Longboard Classic .	The people are families .
neutral	A groups of African Americans getting ready to eat .	A few people are sitting at a tables with forks in hand .
neutral	A panel of African Americans getting poised to eat .	A few people are sitting at a table with forks in hand .
neutral	A panels of African Americans getting readies to eat .	A few people are sitting at a table with forks in hand .
neutral	A groups of African Americans getting ready to eat .	A few people are eating burgers and fries at a birthday party .
neutral	A group of African Americans getting readies to eat .	A few people are eating burgers and fries at a birthday party .
neutral	A group of African Americans getting ready to eat .	A few people are eating burgers and fries at a birthday parties .
neutral	Group of people standing and sitting in a field of grass .	They are at the park
neutral	Group of people standing and sitting in a field of grass .	They are at the park
neutral	Group of people standing and sitting in a field of grass .	They are at the park
neutral	Group of people standing and sitting in a field of grass .	They are all play checkers
neutral	Group of people standing and sitting in a field of grass .	They are all playing checkers
neutral	Group of people standing and sitting in a field of grass .	They are all playing checkers
neutral	Two people are walking through a paths with branches from neighboring tree overhead .	Two people are following a pathway outside that their grandpa paved 100 years ago .
neutral	Two people are walking through a path with branches from adjacent tree overhead .	Two people are following a path outside that their grandpas paved 100 olds ago .
neutral	Two people are walking through a pathway with branches from adjacent trees overhead .	Two people are following a road outer that their grandpas paved 100 olds ago .
neutral	The juvenile male is sitting on a couch cigarettes a cigarette .	A miner mens drinking a beer
neutral	The teenage men is sitting on a couch cigarettes a cigarette .	A teenager male drinking a beer
neutral	The juveniles male is sitting on a couch tobacco a cigarette .	A teenagers masculine drinking a beer
neutral	The young men is sitting on a couch tobacco a cigarette .	A minors men smokers a cigar
neutral	The teenager males is sitting on a couch smoking a cigarette .	A minor male smoking a cigar
neutral	The adolescence males is sitting on a couch smokes a cigarette .	A miner man cigarettes a cigar
neutral	Cheerleaders standing on a football field .	Cheerleaders are practicing their routines .
neutral	Cheerleaders standing on a football field .	Cheerleaders are practice their routines .
neutral	Cheerleaders standing on a football field .	Cheerleaders are practice their routines .
neutral	Coach talks with football player , other players and crowd in background .	A football coaching is instructing a player on the sidelines
neutral	Coach talks with football player , other players and crowd in background .	A football coach is instructing a player on the sidelines
neutral	Coach talks with football player , other gamers and crowd in background .	A football coaches is instructing a player on the sidelines
neutral	A male with a beer in his hand listens to a female talk .	He is drinking to fall asleep .
neutral	A man with a beer in his hand listens to a women talk .	He is drinking to fall asleep .
neutral	A man with a beer in his hand listens to a women talk .	He is drinking to fall asleep .
neutral	a kid women siting on a park bench in the sun .	The youths women is enjoying the sun
neutral	a juveniles females siting on a park bench in the sun .	The teenager female is enjoying the sun
neutral	a youth female siting on a park bench in the sun .	The kid woman is enjoying the sun
neutral	Children in yellow sport standardized climb a tower .	The youth are martial arts student .
neutral	Children in yellow athletic uniform climb a tower .	The adolescent are martial arts pupil .
neutral	Children in yellow sports uniforms climb a tower .	The youth are martial arts students .
neutral	A woman carry a vast packing on her head walks in front of a building plastered with Portuguese placards declares a concert .	A Brazilian females carries groceries home .
neutral	A female carrying a heavy package on her head walks in front of a building plastered with Portuguese placards advertise a concert .	A Brazilian women carries groceries home .
neutral	A female carrying a vast packet on her head walks in front of a building plastered with Portuguese posters promotional a concert .	A Brazilian women carries groceries home .
neutral	A cheerleader in a tight red and white uniform is passing out white t-shirts at a athletes event .	A cheerleader passes out team shirts
neutral	A cheerleader in a tight red and white uniforms is passing out white t-shirts at a sport events .	A cheerleader passes out team shirts
neutral	A cheerleader in a tight red and white standardized is passing out white t-shirts at a sportsman events .	A cheerleader passes out team shirts
neutral	Crowd cheerleaders dressed in red , white , and blue smile as they pass out rolled up t-shirts to a full stadium of people .	Cheerleaders pass out newer t shirts to the opposed team
neutral	Crowd cheerleaders clothed in red , white , and blue smile as they pass out rolled up t-shirts to a full stadium of people .	Cheerleaders pass out newest t shirts to the oppose team
neutral	Crowd cheerleaders clothed in red , white , and blue smile as they pass out rolled up t-shirts to a full stadium of people .	Cheerleaders pass out newest t shirts to the oppose team
neutral	A brown dog races through a field .	A brown dog is races another dog .
neutral	A brown dog race through a field .	A brown dog is errand another dog .
neutral	A brown dog errand through a field .	A brown dog is race another dog .
neutral	A dog running in lengthy grass , a homes development behind it .	A dog is running back home .
neutral	A dog running in lengthy grass , a dwelling development behind it .	A dog is running back home .
neutral	A dog running in long grass , a house development behind it .	A dog is running back home .
neutral	A Vietnamese females wearing a gray top carries huge clear pockets of groceries using a stick to balance everything on her shoulder .	A tall persons carry stuff
neutral	A Vietnamese female wearing a gray top carries massive clear sac of groceries using a stick to balance everything on her shoulder .	A tall person carry stuff
neutral	A Vietnamese woman wearing a grey top carries heavy clear purse of groceries using a stick to balance everything on her shoulder .	A tall individuals carry stuff
neutral	Two girl feeding a horse an apple .	Two girl are getting readies to ride horses .
neutral	Two daughter feeding a horse an apple .	Two daughters are getting readies to ride horses .
neutral	Two daughters feeding a horse an apple .	Two daughters are getting braced to ride horses .
neutral	A males play cricket	an indian man plays cricket
neutral	A male play cricket	an indian males plays cricket
neutral	A man play cricket	an indian masculine plays cricket
neutral	Some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	They are in Hawaii .
neutral	Some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	They are in Hawaii .
neutral	Some dogs are running on a deserted beach .	They are in Hawaii .
neutral	A male in a blue jogging suit is running on the sidewalk in front of a paintings .	The males is sweat from his run .
neutral	A man in a blue jogging suit is running on the sidewalk in front of a paintings .	The male is sweat from his run .
neutral	A masculine in a blue jog suit is running on the pavement in front of a paint .	The males is sweating from his run .
neutral	A basketball player in a red uniforms is trying to make a basket but is being blocked by the oppose team .	The player is one of the best in the league .
neutral	A basketball player in a red standardized is trying to make a basket but is being blocked by the opposing team .	The player is one of the best in the league .
neutral	A basketball player in a red uniformed is trying to make a basket but is being blocked by the oppose team .	The player is one of the best in the league .
neutral	One men , shirtless , and a women , clothed , jumping in the water .	A husband and wife are being spontaneous by jumping in a frozen river .
neutral	One male , shirtless , and a women , attired , jumping in the water .	A husband and wife are being spontaneous by jumping in a frozen river .
neutral	One males , shirtless , and a woman , attired , jumping in the water .	A husband and wife are being spontaneous by jumping in a freezes river .
neutral	A small , pale fowl bends down to yacht a crumb .	The poultry is having trouble flying .
neutral	A little , pale poultry bends down to navigator a crumb .	The poultry is having trouble flying .
neutral	A petite , pale poultry bends down to studied a crumb .	The fowl is having trouble flying .
neutral	A persons walks outboard carrying a pockets , while a child daughter in pink walks behind her .	A female carry a purse , with a daughter behind her
neutral	A persons walks outside carrying a purses , while a miner daughter in pink walks behind her .	A women carry a rucksack , with a girls behind her
neutral	A individuals walks outdoor carry a sac , while a miners girl in pink walks behind her .	A females carrying a purse , with a daughters behind her
neutral	A teenaged boy using a spatula to handled meat on a grill .	A juvenile boy is grilling steak .
neutral	A youthful boy using a spatula to handled meat on a grille .	A child boy is grilling steak .
neutral	A underage boy using a spatula to handled meat on a grill .	A youngsters boy is grilling steak .
neutral	A males is making a telephones calling .	A masculine is calling his wife .
neutral	A man is making a phones calling .	A male is calling his wife .
neutral	A mens is making a telephone call .	A male is calling his wife .
neutral	A crowded city street with lots of pedestrians .	There alot of cyclists on this routing .
neutral	A crowded town street with lots of pedestrians .	There alot of cyclists on this pathway .
neutral	A crowded city street with lots of pedestrians .	There alot of cyclists on this routing .
neutral	A women is taking a photography of a male .	The wife is taking a photograph of her husband .
neutral	A women is taking a photo of a man .	The wife is taking a photographic of her husband .
neutral	A females is taking a photographed of a masculine .	The wife is taking a photographer of her husband .
neutral	A males is ducking down between the red tulips in a flowering field .	The masculine is hide from his friend .
neutral	A masculine is ducking down between the red tulips in a flower field .	The males is secrets from his friend .
neutral	A masculine is ducking down between the red tulips in a flowering field .	The masculine is covert from his friend .
neutral	A dame , attired in a costume , is posing with an axe in the mid of the wooden .	A dame is posing as a woodsman for a photoshoot .
neutral	A dame , dressed in a costume , is posing with an axe in the media of the wood .	A dame is posing as a woodsman for a photoshoot .
neutral	A lady , dressed in a costume , is posing with an hatchet in the middle of the wooden .	A lady is posing as a woodsman for a photoshoot .
neutral	Two people connected to ropes wearing bright orange helmets are sitting on a rocky crag high in the mountains .	Some people go on an adventurer .
neutral	Two people related to ropes wearing bright orange helmets are sitting on a rocky crag high in the mountains .	Some people go on an adventurer .
neutral	Two people linked to ropes wearing bright orange helmets are sitting on a rocky crag high in the mountains .	Some people go on an adventurer .
neutral	A women lowers ballast on a navigator .	The captain of the explores is preparing for coarse waters .
neutral	A women reduce ballast on a vessel .	The captains of the battleship is preparing for coarse waters .
neutral	A women shortening ballast on a navigating .	The captains of the examine is preparing for crude waters .
neutral	Two hikers are backpacking up a snow slanted .	Two people are cold hiking with their backpacks up a snow slanted .
neutral	Two climbers are backpacking up a snow angled .	Two people are cold hiking with their backpacks up a snowy inclined .
neutral	Two climbers are backpacking up a snow slanted .	Two people are colder hiking with their backpacks up a snow sloping .
neutral	Two mountaineers are walking across a snowcapped mountain .	Two mountaineers in a race across a mountain .
neutral	Two mountaineers are walking across a snowcapped mountain .	Two mountaineers in a race across a mountain .
neutral	Two mountaineers are walking across a snowcapped mountain .	Two mountaineers in a race across a mountain .
neutral	A crowded town street with lots of pedestrians .	The pedistrians are wait for a parade to come through this busy street .
neutral	A crowded city street with lots of pedestrians .	The pedistrians are wait for a parade to come through this busy street .
neutral	A crowded town street with lots of pedestrians .	The pedistrians are wait for a parade to come through this busy street .
neutral	A dark-skinned persons , crouched while paintings a sign .	A negro man is paints a demonstrations sign .
neutral	A dark-skinned persons , crouched while paint a sign .	A black masculine is paints a protesting sign .
neutral	A dark-skinned individuals , crouched while painting a sign .	A negro males is paint a protesting sign .
neutral	A bald persons in green apparel stands in front of a brick wall .	A men poses for a photographic .
neutral	A bald person in green sportswear stands in front of a brick wall .	A mens poses for a picture .
neutral	A bald person in green garments stands in front of a brick wall .	A men poses for a images .
neutral	Man walking down a brick sidewalk in a businesses suit reading a paper and tobacco a cigar with a woman wearing spectacles walking behind him to his left .	The men and females are weddings .
neutral	Man walking down a brick pavement in a ventures suit reading a paper and smoker a cigar with a women wearing glasses walking behind him to his left .	The mens and females are marry .
neutral	Man walking down a brick pavement in a corporate suit reading a paper and smoked a cigar with a women wearing goggles walking behind him to his left .	The men and women are wedding .
neutral	Man walking down a brick sidewalk in a corporate suit reading a paper and cigarettes a cigar with a women wearing goggles walking behind him to his left .	The women is a camouflaged agent on mission to assassinated the masculine .
neutral	Man walking down a brick sidewalk in a ventures suit reading a paper and tobacco a cigar with a women wearing spectacles walking behind him to his left .	The woman is a secrets agent on mission to murdering the men .
neutral	Man walking down a brick pavement in a business suit reading a paper and tobacco a cigar with a women wearing spectacles walking behind him to his left .	The females is a concealed agent on mission to murdering the mens .
neutral	A youngsters males is play a blue guitar .	A musician practices on his guitar briefly avant a concert .
neutral	A miner males is playing a blue guitar .	A musician practices on his guitar briefly before a concert .
neutral	A teenagers mens is play a blue guitar .	A musician practices on his guitar briefly avant a concert .
neutral	A females wearing a bright orange blouse is weaving .	A females is wearing a bright orange blouse and a green hat .
neutral	A women wearing a bright orange blouse is weaving .	A females is wearing a bright orange blouse and a green hat .
neutral	A females wearing a bright orange blouse is weaving .	A females is wearing a bright orange blouse and a green hat .
neutral	A masculine wearing negro trousers and a helmet is riding a brown horse .	A masculine is practice for a equestrian racing .
neutral	A males wearing negro undergarments and a helmet is riding a brown horse .	A mens is practise for a equestrian errand .
neutral	A man wearing black pants and a helmet is riding a brown equestrian .	A males is practise for a horse errand .
neutral	People wait in line in a blizzard .	People are wait in line for food to get through the blizzard with
neutral	People wait in line in a blizzard .	People are wait in line for food to get through the blizzard with
neutral	People waiting in line in a blizzard .	People are waiting in line for food to get through the snowstorm with
neutral	Children nap on a floor while others stand by .	Children are napping on a floor inland a pre school .
neutral	Children nap on a floor while others stand by .	Children are napping on a floor interior a pre school .
neutral	Children nap on a floor while others stand by .	Children are napping on a floor inland a pre school .
neutral	A female wearing white and negro carries a serving tray .	A females is carry a serving tray filled with tiny sandwiches .
neutral	A female wearing white and black carries a serving tray .	A female is carrying a serving tray filled with tiny sandwiches .
neutral	A woman wearing white and negro carries a serving tray .	A females is carrying a serving tray filled with tiny sandwiches .
neutral	A daughter playing soccer in a green field with some tree in the background .	The girls plays soccer with some friends .
neutral	A girls playing soccer in a green field with some trees in the background .	The daughters plays soccer with some friends .
neutral	A girl playing soccer in a green field with some trees in the background .	The daughters plays soccer with some friends .
neutral	A black dog is running through a marsh-like spheres .	A dog is hunting a dragonfly through the swamp .
neutral	A black dog is running through a marsh-like sphere .	A dog is chase a dragonfly through the marsh .
neutral	A negro dog is running through a marsh-like area .	A dog is hunted a dragonfly through the marsh .
neutral	Two male are boxing in battle arena .	Two masculine are punching eachother .
neutral	Two men are boxing in fight arena .	Two man are punching eachother .
neutral	Two mens are boxing in fight arena .	Two man are punching eachother .
neutral	A guy in a bright green hoodie is crossed a crosswalk while searching at an accident between some motor and a biking .	A guy looks upon a collision between two Hondas and a Schwinn .
neutral	A guy in a bright green hoodie is crossing a crosswalk while search at an accidents between some auto and a cycling .	A guy looks upon a collision between two Hondas and a Schwinn .
neutral	A guy in a bright green hoodie is cross a crosswalk while searches at an accidents between some vehicles and a bikes .	A guy looks upon a collision between two Hondas and a Schwinn .
neutral	A men testing model aeroplane in an open field .	A male is standing and test model aeroplane .
neutral	A men tests model airplane in an openings field .	A masculine is standing and test model airplanes .
neutral	A mens test model airplane in an opening field .	A man is standing and tests model airliner .
neutral	Three guys in red uniformed celebrating a purposes in a soccer game .	Three men in red uniforms celebrating a goals in front of a crowd at a soccer stadium .
neutral	Three guys in red uniformed celebrating a aims in a soccer games .	Three mens in red uniforms celebrating a target in front of a crowd at a soccer stadium .
neutral	Three guys in red uniform celebrating a goal in a soccer game .	Three masculine in red standardized celebrating a intent in front of a crowd at a soccer stadium .
neutral	Three guys in red uniforms celebrating a purposes in a soccer games .	Three masculine in red uniform celebrating a goals at a soccer game outside .
neutral	Three guys in red uniformed celebrating a purpose in a soccer game .	Three man in red uniform celebrating a purposes at a soccer game outdoor .
neutral	Three guys in red uniforms celebrating a goal in a soccer games .	Three men in red standardized celebrating a purpose at a soccer games exterior .
neutral	A child boy and an grownups men searches at ducks in a pond .	The boy and his papa walk along the edge of the pond .
neutral	A teens boy and an adult male search at ducks in a pond .	The boy and his papa walk along the edge of the pond .
neutral	A smaller boy and an adult males search at ducks in a pond .	The boy and his papa walk along the edge of the pond .
neutral	A panels of people are in a dinghy in the naval surrounded by seagulls .	A bunch of people are in a lumber object on the water .
neutral	A panel of people are in a motorboat in the marine surrounded by seagulls .	A bunch of people are in a woods object on the water .
neutral	A groups of people are in a canoe in the marines surrounded by seagulls .	A bunch of people are in a woods object on the water .
neutral	A smaller boy and an grownup male quest at ducks in a pond .	The males and his son stand at the edge of a pond .
neutral	A teenager boy and an adult man searches at ducks in a pond .	The males and his sons stand at the edge of a pond .
neutral	A young boy and an grownups mens search at ducks in a pond .	The men and his son stand at the edge of a pond .
neutral	A teenaged women dressed in black attaches purses full of flowers to a bike .	The flowers are lilacs .
neutral	A kid female attired in black attaches sac full of flowering to a moped .	The flower are lilacs .
neutral	A teens female dressed in negro attaches bags full of flowering to a cyclist .	The flowering are lilacs .
neutral	Two males are interacting with some sorts of mechanical contraption that is mounted on a wall .	Two man are late for work .
neutral	Two men are interact with some sorting of mechanical contraption that is mounted on a wall .	Two masculine are late for work .
neutral	Two masculine are interacting with some sort of mechanical contraption that is mounted on a wall .	Two masculine are late for work .
neutral	Two male are interact with some sort of mechanical contraption that is mounted on a wall .	Some mechanics at work .
neutral	Two man are interacting with some sorting of mechanical contraption that is mounted on a wall .	Some mechanics at work .
neutral	Two men are interacting with some sorting of mechanical contraption that is mounted on a wall .	Some mechanics at work .
neutral	A panels of people are in a motorboat in the oceans surrounded by seagulls .	A groups of people are rowing towards some islands while one of them fish .
neutral	A groups of people are in a canoe in the marine surrounded by seagulls .	A groups of people are rowing towards some isles while one of them fishes .
neutral	A groups of people are in a canoe in the nautical surrounded by seagulls .	A group of people are rowing toward some isles while one of them fish .
neutral	A groups of grownups standing up with minor in athletic garb kneeling on the ground .	The coaches give the team last minute directions .
neutral	A grouping of grownup standing up with minor in sports frock kneeling on the ground .	The coaching give the team last minute directions .
neutral	A group of grownup standing up with child in sporting frock kneeling on the ground .	The coach give the team last minute directions .
neutral	A female in a brown shirt is kneeling in the street .	A female is protest in the street .
neutral	A females in a brown shirt is kneeling in the street .	A female is protesting in the street .
neutral	A woman in a brown shirt is kneeling in the street .	A woman is protest in the street .
neutral	A males in a negro shirt is about to crossed the road while on his laptops , another man is laying on the ground while a dame in the background watches .	There is a busy junction with a homeless mens on the ground .
neutral	A men in a negro shirt is approximately to crossing the routes while on his mobile , another man is laying on the ground while a dame in the background watches .	There is a busy crossroads with a homeless man on the ground .
neutral	A man in a negro shirt is about to crossed the route while on his movable , another males is laying on the ground while a dame in the background watches .	There is a busy junction with a homeless males on the ground .
neutral	A men with a beard is talking on the notebooks and standing next to someone who is lurks down on the street .	A men calls 911 after another men is hit by a car .
neutral	A mens with a beard is conversations on the notepad and standing next to someone who is lying down on the street .	A mens calls 911 after another male is hit by a car .
neutral	A males with a beard is talking on the movable and standing next to someone who is lurks down on the street .	A males calls 911 after another masculine is hit by a motor .
neutral	A daughter in black undergarments doing exercises .	A daughters trying to get fit for a bodybuilding rivalry .
neutral	A daughter in black trousers doing exercising .	A girl trying to get fit for a bodybuilding competition .
neutral	A girls in negro undergarments doing exercising .	A girls trying to get fit for a bodybuilding competition .
neutral	Family gathered together in a house enjoying each other ventures .	A family is sitting together inland a houses .
neutral	Family gathered together in a houses enjoying each other companies .	A families is sitting together interior a houses .
neutral	Family gathered together in a houses enjoying each other ventures .	A family is sitting together interior a houses .
neutral	The blond boy is riding roller-coaster with his mouth broad openings .	a petite boy is riding a roller-coaster
neutral	The blond boy is riding roller-coaster with his mouth wide opens .	a little boy is riding a roller-coaster
neutral	The blond boy is riding roller-coaster with his mouth wide openings .	a small boy is riding a roller-coaster
neutral	A mens in a blue t-shirt is taking a photographic while a women with an umbrella walks behind him .	A mens is taking a picture in the rain .
neutral	A males in a blue t-shirt is taking a photograph while a woman with an umbrella walks behind him .	A mens is taking a photographed in the rain .
neutral	A masculine in a blue t-shirt is taking a photos while a females with an umbrella walks behind him .	A masculine is taking a picture in the rain .
neutral	Two man stand near a piece of massive machinery .	The men are operating a machine
neutral	Two mens stand near a piece of hefty machinery .	The male are operating a machine
neutral	Two men stand near a piece of gigantic machinery .	The males are operating a machine
neutral	Two males aid each other cut a sheet of plastic .	Two friends assistance each other by cut some plastic .
neutral	Two men assists each other cutting a sheet of plastic .	Two friends assistance each other by cutting some plastic .
neutral	Two men aid each other cutting a sheet of plastic .	Two friends assist each other by cutting some plastic .
neutral	A women swimmer wearing a swim ceiling does the butterfly stroke .	A women is practice her swim technician .
neutral	A females swimmer wearing a swim chap does the butterflies stroke .	A women is practicing her swim technologies .
neutral	A women swimmer wearing a swim chap does the butterflies stroke .	A females is practicing her swimming technicians .
neutral	Two daughter aboard an entertainment park ride .	The two girls are nervous roughly riding the park ride .
neutral	Two girls aboard an entertainment park ride .	The two girl are nervous about riding the park ride .
neutral	Two daughters aboard an entertainment park ride .	The two daughters are nervous about riding the park ride .
neutral	A males holding a baby who is petting a pony .	A men who snatched a baby is petting a pony .
neutral	A men holding a baby who is petting a pony .	A men who snatched a baby is petting a pony .
neutral	A males holding a baby who is petting a pony .	A mens who abduct a baby is petting a pony .
neutral	A woman in a long , dark coat looks through trashcans in Winter .	A woman age than thirty is outer in winter .
neutral	A women in a long , dark coat looks through trashcans in Winter .	A females senior than thirty is outdoor in winter .
neutral	A female in a long , dark coat looks through trashcans in Winter .	A women antiquated than thirty is outside in winter .
neutral	A woman with a blue hat is taking photographing in an spheres covered in brush .	The females is photography a matrimony .
neutral	A woman with a blue hat is taking photographed in an areas covered in brush .	The woman is photographed a wedding .
neutral	A women with a blue hat is taking photograph in an area covered in brush .	The female is photographer a married .
neutral	A women with a blue hat is taking pictures in an spheres cover in brush .	The woman is a professional photography .
neutral	A women with a blue hat is taking photography in an area cover in brush .	The females is a professional image .
neutral	A female with a blue hat is taking photographing in an zone cover in brush .	The woman is a professionals photographer .
neutral	Two boys in running garments stretching .	The boys are stretching prior doing gymnastic .
neutral	Two boys in running garments stretch .	The boys are stretch avant doing gymnastic .
neutral	Two boys in running apparel stretching .	The boys are stretch prior doing gymnastics .
neutral	Three women sit at a table , taking notes from three same magazines .	Three academic female are studing .
neutral	Three women sit at a tables , taking notes from three identical magazine .	Three universities females are studing .
neutral	Three woman sit at a table , taking notes from three identical magazines .	Three colleges female are studing .
neutral	a soccer player wearing a red uniforms walks off the field after a game near a parking batch .	A soccer player is walking to his car .
neutral	a soccer player wearing a red uniform walks off the field after a game near a parking lot .	A soccer player is walking to his vehicle .
neutral	a soccer player wearing a red uniforms walks off the field after a game near a parking batch .	A soccer player is walking to his automobiles .
neutral	A bald male with a white shirt and watch eating food and drinking vineyard .	The males is homeless .
neutral	A bald men with a white shirt and watch eating food and drinking vineyard .	The males is homeless .
neutral	A bald masculine with a white shirt and watch eating food and drinking vineyard .	The males is homeless .
neutral	A bald man with a white shirt and watch eating food and drinking vineyard .	The male is watching t.v.
neutral	A bald man with a white shirt and watch eating food and drinking vineyard .	The mens is watching t.v.
neutral	A bald masculine with a white shirt and watch eating food and drinking wines .	The mens is watching t.v.
neutral	A mens holding a baby who is petting a pony .	A males and his daughter are petting a pony .
neutral	A males holding a baby who is petting a pony .	A masculine and his daughters are petting a pony .
neutral	A males holding a baby who is petting a pony .	A male and his girls are petting a pony .
neutral	Three miners , two boys and a daughter , are play with the swings on a playground with residential homes in the background .	The three teenaged are linked to each other .
neutral	Three children , two boys and a daughter , are play with the swings on a playground with residential dwelling in the background .	The three youth are related to each other .
neutral	Three teenage , two boys and a daughter , are play with the swings on a playground with residential houses in the background .	The three youthful are linked to each other .
neutral	A rocker standing with one foot on the stages holding the microphone attached to the stand over his head .	A rocker is doing soundcheck for his performance by speaking into the mics .
neutral	A rocker standing with one feet on the stages holding the mics attached to the stand over his head .	A rocker is doing soundcheck for his performance by speaking into the microphone .
neutral	A rocker standing with one feet on the stage holding the microphone attached to the stand over his head .	A rocker is doing soundcheck for his performance by speaking into the mics .
neutral	Expert skiing is trying a newer trick .	The person is snowboarding on top of a mountain .
neutral	Expert snowboarding is trying a newer ploy .	The individuals is snowboard on top of a mountain .
neutral	Expert snowboard is trying a newer ploy .	The persons is skiing on top of a mountain .
neutral	A skateboarder does a ploy in airways .	A skateboarder doing a kick flip airplanes .
neutral	A skateboarder does a trick in jets .	A skateboarder doing a kick flip airways .
neutral	A skateboarder does a ploy in airways .	A skateboarder doing a kick flip airliner .
neutral	Young persons in black next to an senior persons in negro and white polka dot .	A smaller individuals is standing next to a relative .
neutral	Young person in black next to an older individuals in negro and white polka dotted .	A minor person is standing next to a relative .
neutral	Young person in negro next to an ancient person in negro and white polka dotted .	A youth person is standing next to a relative .
neutral	Two teenage daughters show print of a line drawing of an animal .	Girls are displaying their zoo drawings in a local teen 's drawing rivalry .
neutral	Two kid daughters show printing of a line drawing of an animals .	Girls are displaying their animals drawings in a local youths 's drawing rivalry .
neutral	Two miners daughter show print of a line drawing of an zoo .	Girls are displaying their animals drawings in a local teen 's drawing competitions .
neutral	Two females are reading , one women has a magazines with a Dior announcing on the back of it , while the other woman is reading fro mummy tricky covered book .	Two women are in the librarians reading .
neutral	Two female are reading , one women has a magazines with a Dior promotional on the back of it , while the other women is reading fro momma stiff cover book .	Two females are in the bookshop reading .
neutral	Two females are reading , one woman has a magazines with a Dior advertisement on the back of it , while the other women is reading fro mothers strenuous cover book .	Two females are in the librarian reading .
neutral	Several adult look on while a minors girl plays in a ball pit .	A minors girl is having fun .
neutral	Several grownup look on while a miners daughters plays in a ball pit .	A youths girls is having fun .
neutral	Several adult look on while a youthful daughters plays in a ball pit .	A teenager girls is having fun .
neutral	Blond-haired girl wearing a mopeds helmet , a black t-shirt that reads `` Twizzlers '' and a printed dog tagged pendant around her neck .	a girls looks stylish for the camera
neutral	Blond-haired girl wearing a bicycle helmet , a black t-shirt that reads `` Twizzlers '' and a printed dog etiquette pendant around her neck .	a girl looks stylish for the camera
neutral	Blond-haired girls wearing a bicycles helmet , a negro t-shirt that reads `` Twizzlers '' and a printed dog labelled necklace around her neck .	a daughters looks stylish for the camera
neutral	Firemen stand exterior of their firetruck with all its lights on .	Tall fireman stand outboard of their firetruck with all its lights on .
neutral	Firemen stand outer of their firetruck with all its lighting on .	Tall fireman stand exterior of their firetruck with all its lighting on .
neutral	Firemen stand outboard of their firetruck with all its illumination on .	Tall firefighters stand outer of their firetruck with all its illumination on .
neutral	Men sitting on the side of a brick routes .	men are conversation on the side of the road
neutral	Men sitting on the side of a brick path .	men are talking on the side of the road
neutral	Men sitting on the side of a brick paths .	men are conversation on the side of the road
neutral	This men dressed in white pants and blue shirt , is standing on a ledge in the snowy .	A males is getting braced to shovel the snowy so he can park his motors .
neutral	This man clothed in white undergarments and blue shirt , is standing on a ledge in the snowy .	A mens is getting prepared to shovel the snow so he can park his motor .
neutral	This men dressed in white breeches and blue shirt , is standing on a ledge in the snowy .	A males is getting ready to shovel the snowy so he can park his auto .
neutral	A crowd watching a skateboarder .	A crowd is aloud cheers as the skateboarder does a 900
neutral	A crowd watching a skateboarder .	A crowd is aloud cheers as the skateboarder does a 900
neutral	A crowd watching a skateboarder .	A crowd is aloud cheering as the skateboarder does a 900
neutral	A mens holding a briefcase on a metro .	A masculine is going to work on a underpass .
neutral	A men holding a briefcase on a underpass .	A men is going to work on a underpass .
neutral	A male holding a briefcase on a subway .	A men is going to work on a underground .
neutral	A adolescent barefoot daughter wearing a helmet walks down a mossy covered fallen down tree .	A youths mopeds rider walks on top of a downed tree for fun .
neutral	A miners barefoot girl wearing a helmet walks down a mossy cover fallen down trees .	A teenagers motorbike rider walks on top of a downed trees for fun .
neutral	A teen barefoot daughters wearing a helmet walks down a mossy covered fallen down tree .	A children cycling rider walks on top of a downed tree for fun .
neutral	A teens girl in a helmet walks barefoot across a mossy tree trunk that is lie over water .	A girls might fall off a tree .
neutral	A kid daughter in a helmet walks barefoot across a mossy trees trunk that is lying over water .	A daughters might fall off a tree .
neutral	A kid daughter in a helmet walks barefoot across a mossy tree trunk that is lurks over water .	A girls might fall off a trees .
neutral	A kid girls in a helmet walks barefoot across a mossy trees trunk that is lie over water .	A daughter does n't like balance on a trees .
neutral	A adolescence daughters in a helmet walks barefoot across a mossy trees trunk that is lie over water .	A daughters does n't like balance on a tree .
neutral	A child daughters in a helmet walks barefoot across a mossy tree trunk that is lies over water .	A daughters does n't like balances on a trees .
neutral	A kid girl in a helmet walks barefoot across a mossy trees trunk that is lies over water .	A daughter is play on a trees .
neutral	A juvenile girl in a helmet walks barefoot across a mossy trees trunk that is lying over water .	A daughter is playing on a tree .
neutral	A youth daughters in a helmet walks barefoot across a mossy trees trunk that is lying over water .	A girl is play on a tree .
neutral	The boy in pajama slacks jumps off the sofa .	The boy is bouncing on the sofa
neutral	The boy in pajama panties jumps off the sofa .	The boy is bouncing on the sofa
neutral	The boy in pajama pants jumps off the sofa .	The boy is bouncing on the sofa
neutral	Two teenager running past a dinosaur in the woods .	Some underage in the woodland pass by a plastic triceratops .
neutral	Two miners running past a dinosaur in the timber .	Some teenagers in the forester pass by a plastic triceratops .
neutral	Two minor running past a dinosaur in the wooden .	Some youth in the forestry pass by a plastic triceratops .
neutral	A black dog with a blue collar is jumping into the water .	A black dog wearing a blue collar is manhunt something into the water .
neutral	A negro dog with a blue collar is jumping into the water .	A negro dog wearing a blue collar is hunt something into the water .
neutral	A negro dog with a blue collar is jumping into the water .	A negro dog wearing a blue collar is hunting something into the water .
neutral	Two minors running past a dinosaur in the woods .	Children are being chased by a velociraptor .
neutral	Two young running past a dinosaur in the wooden .	Children are being chased by a velociraptor .
neutral	Two child running past a dinosaur in the lumber .	Children are being chased by a velociraptor .
neutral	A drummer wearing a scotland shirt , jeans , and a purple had bangs his drumming .	A drummer practise for a concert .
neutral	A drummer wearing a scottish shirt , jeans , and a purple had bangs his drumming .	A drummer practicing for a concert .
neutral	A drummer wearing a scotland shirt , jeans , and a purple had bangs his drum .	A drummer practise for a concert .
neutral	The mens in white is playing basketball against the man in blue .	The team wearing white is winning the game .
neutral	The males in white is play basketball against the male in blue .	The team wearing white is winning the games .
neutral	The masculine in white is play basketball against the man in blue .	The team wearing white is wins the game .
neutral	Two identical brown dogs side by side holding something white in both their mouths .	Two twin pups holding onto the same bone .
neutral	Two same brown dogs side by side holding something white in both their mouths .	Two twin pups holding onto the identical bone .
neutral	Two identical brown dogs side by side holding something white in both their mouths .	Two double pups holding onto the same bone .
neutral	A small boy in a gray and white striped sweater and tan breeches is play on a piece of playground equipment .	The boy is play on the swings after school .
neutral	A little boy in a gray and white striped sweater and tan trousers is play on a piece of playground equipment .	The boy is play on the swings after school .
neutral	A small boy in a gray and white striped jumper and tan breeches is play on a piece of playground equipment .	The boy is playing on the swings after school .
neutral	Two identical brown dogs side by side holding something white in both their mouths .	Two litter brothers battle over a bone .
neutral	Two same brown dogs side by side holding something white in both their mouths .	Two litter siblings battle over a bone .
neutral	Two same brown dogs side by side holding something white in both their mouths .	Two litter fraternal combat over a bone .
neutral	Five boys in blue shirts drawing at a table .	The boys are working on an art projects .
neutral	Five boys in blue shirts drawing at a table .	The boys are working on an art projects .
neutral	Five boys in blue shirts drawing at a tables .	The boys are working on an art projects .
neutral	A male in a red waterproof is search to the converse site of the camera .	A masculine in a red raincoat is searching to the converse site of the camera as he poses with others
neutral	A male in a red raincoat is quest to the opposite site of the camera .	A masculine in a red raincoat is looking to the opposite site of the camera as he poses with others
neutral	A man in a red raincoat is searching to the converse site of the camera .	A male in a red raincoat is quest to the opposite site of the camera as he poses with others
neutral	Man jumping over a rusted fence on a blue cycling .	Man jumping over the fencing on his cycle trying to escape from the dog .
neutral	Man jumping over a rusted fences on a blue motorcycle .	Man jumping over the fences on his bikes trying to escape from the dog .
neutral	Man jumping over a rusty fences on a blue cycling .	Man jumping over the fences on his mopeds trying to escape from the dog .
neutral	Two daughter play catch on a lawn	Sisters are tossing a frisbee back and forth in the park .
neutral	Two girl play catch on a lawn	Sisters are tossing a frisbee back and forth in the park .
neutral	Two daughters play catch on a lawn	Sisters are tossing a frisbee back and forth in the park .
neutral	A woman in a black hooded sweatshirt walking with a vast dog .	A females walking her dog avant leaving to work
neutral	A female in a black hooded sweatshirt walking with a monumental dog .	A female walking her dog before leaving to work
neutral	A woman in a negro hooded sweatshirt walking with a hefty dog .	A females walking her dog prior leaving to work
neutral	A panel of people are icing skating in a big city .	The people are falling down a lot .
neutral	A panels of people are frosting skating in a massive town .	The people are falling down a batch .
neutral	A groups of people are ice skating in a immense town .	The people are falling down a batch .
neutral	A child daughters in a yellow top and a flowered skirt is standing on a blanket and biting on a toy .	A daughters is standing exterior .
neutral	A adolescents girl in a yellow top and a flowered skirt is standing on a blanket and biting on a toy .	A girls is standing outside .
neutral	A miners girl in a yellow top and a flowered skirt is standing on a blanket and biting on a toy .	A daughter is standing outer .
neutral	A women plays guitar for counselors .	lessons are there to learn
neutral	A females plays guitar for counseling .	lessons are there to learn
neutral	A woman plays guitar for counseling .	lessons are there to learn
neutral	a women and a adolescent both wearing red outfits walking up a street	A mother and adolescence walking up a street
neutral	a women and a young both wearing red outfits walking up a street	A moms and children walking up a street
neutral	a females and a teenager both wearing red outfits walking up a street	A mommy and kids walking up a street
neutral	Security officers working exterior .	A security officers is clothed in a uniform .
neutral	Security officer working outer .	A security officer is clothed in a standardized .
neutral	Security officers working exterior .	A security officer is dressed in a uniform .
neutral	The cyclist rides on a wooded path .	The motorbike rides fast alone on a wooded path
neutral	The cycle rides on a wooded road .	The bicycle rides fastest alone on a wooded path
neutral	The motorcycle rides on a wooded routes .	The bike rides quicker alone on a wooded path
neutral	The cyclist rides on a wooded route .	The cycling rides alone on a wooded path
neutral	The motorbikes rides on a wooded path .	The bike rides alone on a wooded path
neutral	The motorcycles rides on a wooded path .	The cycle rides alone on a wooded path
neutral	The motorcycle rides on a wooded routes .	The cycle rides with a companion on a wooded path
neutral	The mopeds rides on a wooded paths .	The motorcycle rides with a companion on a wooded path
neutral	The bike rides on a wooded routes .	The motorbikes rides with a companion on a wooded path
neutral	African female walking through field .	The african women is quest for someone in the fields .
neutral	African women walking through field .	The african women is search for someone in the fields .
neutral	African women walking through field .	The african woman is search for someone in the fields .
neutral	assorted minor play in the water .	The teenagers are at camp .
neutral	several adolescence play in the water .	The teens are at camp .
neutral	several miner playing in the water .	The kid are at camp .
neutral	An African individuals standing in a wheat field .	A individuals standing in a wheat field of his boss .
neutral	An African person standing in a wheat field .	A individuals standing in a wheat field of his boss .
neutral	An African person standing in a wheat field .	A persons standing in a wheat field of his boss .
neutral	a wet golden retriever is walking through a lake	A wet golden retriever is walking through a lake to unearth a ball .
neutral	a wet golden retriever is walking through a lake	A wet golden retriever is walking through a lake to find a ball .
neutral	a wet golden retriever is walking through a lake	A wet golden retriever is walking through a lake to unearth a ball .
neutral	Many people sit , some stand outer of a large brick building .	people are protest outdoor of an abortion clinic
neutral	Many people sit , some stand exterior of a jumbo brick building .	people are protesting outdoor of an abortion clinic
neutral	Many people sit , some stand outside of a gigantic brick building .	people are demonstrations exterior of an abortion clinic
neutral	A masculine wearing red sunglasses is carrying two cameras .	The men likes taking images .
neutral	A males wearing red spectacles is carrying two cameras .	The male likes taking image .
neutral	A men wearing red glasses is carry two cameras .	The mens likes taking picture .
neutral	varied teens playing in the water .	Some kids splash in the water and interact with each other .
neutral	many children playing in the water .	Some minors splash in the water and interact with each other .
neutral	varied young play in the water .	Some kids splash in the water and interact with each other .
neutral	Two woman walking near some trees in warming , dark-colored sportswear , one with a hat , one with an upraised collar .	two female walk to work
neutral	Two female walking near some trees in warm , dark-colored sportswear , one with a hat , one with an upraised collar .	two women walk to work
neutral	Two female walking near some trees in warm , dark-colored clothing , one with a hat , one with an upraised collar .	two females walk to work
neutral	A barefoot men in an orange shirt , shorts , and a baseball ceiling is sitting on the opens tailgate of a silver pickup truck .	A males 's auto broke down .
neutral	A barefoot men in an orange shirt , shorts , and a baseball chaps is sitting on the open tailgate of a silver pickup truck .	A masculine 's motors broke down .
neutral	A barefoot males in an orange shirt , shorts , and a baseball caps is sitting on the opens tailgate of a silver pickup truck .	A mens 's autos broke down .
neutral	A man walks by a building at night .	A males is in the city .
neutral	A man walks by a building at nightly .	A man is in the city .
neutral	A men walks by a building at night .	A mens is in the city .
neutral	A individuals is sitting on the edge of a rock cliff .	A person was thinking roughly jumping off a rock cliff .
neutral	A person is sitting on the edge of a rock cliff .	A person was thinking approximately jumping off a rock cliff .
neutral	A individuals is sitting on the edge of a rock cliff .	A persons was thinking approximately jumping off a rock cliff .
neutral	A males , boy and a white dog are searches at a display of postal .	A men has his boy and his dog out enjoying timetable spent together while shopping .
neutral	A men , boy and a white dog are searching at a display of postcards .	A man has his boy and his dog out enjoying hourly spent together while shopping .
neutral	A mens , boy and a white dog are looking at a display of postal .	A mens has his boy and his dog out enjoying calendar spent together while shopping .
neutral	Here is a photograph of a man wait for the bus to pick him up and he is hides his face .	The masculine does n't want to be seen .
neutral	Here is a photographing of a mens wait for the bus to pick him up and he is hide his face .	The mens does n't want to be seen .
neutral	Here is a images of a mens waiting for the bus to pick him up and he is undercover his face .	The mens does n't want to be seen .
neutral	Here is a images of a man wait for the bus to pick him up and he is hidden his face .	The males is going somewhere .
neutral	Here is a images of a masculine waiting for the bus to pick him up and he is undercover his face .	The male is going somewhere .
neutral	Here is a photographic of a men waiting for the bus to pick him up and he is hidden his face .	The man is going somewhere .
neutral	A man clothed in a light blue shirt dumping items from a bin into another ben , while standing in a room full of food donations .	A man dumping items from a ben to another bin to throw it in dried place .
neutral	A man clothed in a light blue shirt dumping items from a ben into another ben , while standing in a rooms full of food donations .	A mens dumping items from a bin to another bin to throw it in drier place .
neutral	A males dressed in a light blue shirt dumping item from a bin into another ben , while standing in a rooms full of food donations .	A males dumping items from a bin to another ben to throw it in dry place .
neutral	Two youngsters work together on a project at a table .	Two teen are making a model .
neutral	Two teenagers work together on a projects at a table .	Two youths are making a model .
neutral	Two young work together on a projects at a table .	Two teenagers are making a model .
neutral	A masculine wearing a blue apron and lengthy rubber boots is dragging a flotation device from a lengthy row of flotation devices .	A worker pulls up his lengthy boots avant climb onto the flotation device .
neutral	A men wearing a blue apron and long rubber boots is dragging a flotation device from a lengthy row of flotation devices .	A worker pulls up his long boots before climb onto the flotation device .
neutral	A mens wearing a blue apron and long rubber boots is dragging a flotation device from a long row of flotation devices .	A worker pulls up his long boots avant climbing onto the flotation device .
neutral	A worker is preparing fishes to be sale at a market .	A individuals is slicing up a fishes to selling .
neutral	A worker is preparing fishes to be selling at a market .	A person is slicing up a fish to sell .
neutral	A worker is preparing fish to be sold at a marketplace .	A individuals is slicing up a fishes to selling .
neutral	A men with an afro and bandanna play electricity guitar .	the guy with the afro is playing on the guitar for his mom
neutral	A men with an afro and bandanna play electricity guitar .	the guy with the afro is playing on the guitar for his mom
neutral	A mens with an afro and bandanna play electrical guitar .	the guy with the afro is playing on the guitar for his mom
neutral	A masculine wearing a striped shirt has a camera slung over his shoulder .	The photograph is well attired and carries a camera .
neutral	A males wearing a striped shirt has a camera slung over his shoulder .	The photographed is well dressed and carries a camera .
neutral	A males wearing a striped shirt has a camera slung over his shoulder .	The photograph is well attired and carries a camera .
neutral	A kids ladies squatting at hillside sipping on a drank the other one with the white satchel is conversations images .	A groups of climbers pause for a break .
neutral	A youngsters ladies squatting at hillside sipping on a drink the other one with the white pockets is discussions photographs .	A panels of hikers pause for a break .
neutral	A child ladies squatting at hillside sipping on a drank the other one with the white backpack is discussions photographic .	A panels of hikers pause for a break .
neutral	A fowl is perched on a line of some kind attach to a pole .	A poultry is wallowing on a pole .
neutral	A fowl is perched on a line of some kinds attached to a poles .	A poultry is wallowing on a pole .
neutral	A poultry is perched on a line of some sorted attach to a poles .	A poultry is wallowing on a poles .
neutral	A panel of teens is splashing in deep water nearby a rock formation .	They are wearing lifejackets
neutral	A group of teens is splashing in deep water nearby a rock formation .	They are wearing lifejackets
neutral	A grouping of child is splashing in deep water nearby a rock formation .	They are wearing lifejackets
neutral	A youths boy wearing a suit and top hat is holding hands with a girl in a green attire .	they are at a wedding
neutral	A adolescent boy wearing a suit and top hat is holding hands with a daughter in a green frock .	they are at a wedding
neutral	A teenage boy wearing a suit and top hat is holding hands with a daughter in a green frock .	they are at a wedding
neutral	a boy in a beige shirt is slept in a automobiles .	A boy is homeless
neutral	a boy in a beige shirt is sleep in a vehicular .	A boy is homeless
neutral	a boy in a beige shirt is slept in a automobile .	A boy is homeless
neutral	Two boys in front of a soda machine .	Two boys are going to purchasing sodas .
neutral	Two boys in front of a soda machine .	Two boys are going to purchases sodas .
neutral	Two boys in front of a soda machine .	Two boys are going to buying sodas .
neutral	A panel of people study a sailing with an orange flag that is sitting on sand next to a organ of water .	People sit on a beach to tan .
neutral	A group of people explores a studied with an orange flag that is sitting on sand next to a organs of water .	People sit on a beach to tan .
neutral	A grouping of people battleship a browse with an orange flag that is sitting on sand next to a agency of water .	People sit on a beach to tan .
neutral	A panels of people sailboat a navigating with an orange flag that is sitting on sand next to a body of water .	People sit on a beach .
neutral	A groups of people studied a navigating with an orange flag that is sitting on sand next to a body of water .	People sit on a beach .
neutral	A panel of people study a yachting with an orange flag that is sitting on sand next to a agency of water .	People sit on a beach .
neutral	Man walking a little pug .	The male is a postman .
neutral	Man walking a little pug .	The men is a mailman .
neutral	Man walking a small pug .	The mens is a mailman .
neutral	Three people sitting on a tables , one female is speaking , and people are listening to them .	There are three woman sitting on a tables .
neutral	Three people sitting on a table , one female is speaking , and people are listening to them .	There are three females sitting on a tables .
neutral	Three people sitting on a table , one women is speaking , and people are listening to them .	There are three female sitting on a tables .
neutral	A teenage hugs a birdhouse .	An maniac kids hugs a birdhouse .
neutral	A youngsters hugs a birdhouse .	An crazed teens hugs a birdhouse .
neutral	A teens hugs a birdhouse .	An crazy teenage hugs a birdhouse .
neutral	The youngsters lady is giving the elderly mens a hug .	The young sad lady is giving the elder males a hug .
neutral	The teenaged dame is giving the aged males a hug .	The kid sad dame is giving the elderly man a hug .
neutral	The teenager dame is giving the archaic males a hug .	The miners sad lady is giving the seniors men a hug .
neutral	Three people posing for a camera	There are people making several poses .
neutral	Three people posing for a camera	There are people making different poses .
neutral	Three people posing for a camera	There are people making myriad poses .
neutral	Three people posing for a camera	The three people are all female .
neutral	Three people posing for a camera	The three people are all females .
neutral	Three people posing for a camera	The three people are all female .
neutral	Three people posing for a camera	Three woman are shopping at the mall .
neutral	Three people posing for a camera	Three women are shopping at the mall .
neutral	Three people posing for a camera	Three female are shopping at the mall .
neutral	An Asian females clothed in a negro blouse and knee length pants is waling across a wet street holding a collapsed umbrella .	A tall persons in a blouse
neutral	An Asian female clothed in a black blouse and knee length panties is waling across a wet street holding a collapsed umbrella .	A tall individuals in a blouse
neutral	An Asian females attired in a negro blouse and knee length panties is waling across a wet street holding a collapsed umbrella .	A tall person in a blouse
neutral	a climber wearing a red headband is pulling itself up some gray rocks high above some green foliage .	A climber pulls itself up 5000 footing up over a forest
neutral	a climber wearing a red headband is pulling itself up some gray rocks high above some green foliage .	A mountaineer pulls himself up 5000 feet up over a forest
neutral	a climber wearing a red headband is pulling himself up some gray rocks high above some green foliage .	A climber pulls himself up 5000 feet up over a forest
neutral	Man in bourbon shirt sing into microphone while play an acoustics guitar .	A mens is at a concert play for a hefty crowd .
neutral	Man in plaid shirt sings into mics while playing an acoustics guitar .	A men is at a concert play for a hefty crowd .
neutral	Man in bourbon shirt singing into microphone while playing an acoustic guitar .	A males is at a concert play for a vast crowd .
neutral	A couple stands at the top of a flight of outside stairs kissing one another .	A couple celebrates getting engaged .
neutral	A couple stands at the top of a flight of outboard stairs kissing one another .	A couple celebrates getting engaged .
neutral	A couple stands at the top of a flight of outside stairs kiss one another .	A couple celebrates getting engaged .
neutral	A man wearing a shite short-sleeved shirt kisses a females wearing a light pink jacket while standing on a public street .	A mens and women just got engaged
neutral	A males wearing a shite short-sleeved shirt kisses a female wearing a light pink jacket while standing on a public street .	A mens and woman just got engaged
neutral	A masculine wearing a shite short-sleeved shirt kisses a woman wearing a light pink jacket while standing on a public street .	A males and woman just got engaged
neutral	A small boy clocks from his stroller as an elders boy with a yellow balloon wanders a few steps away in a fair like setting .	A boy has a light yellow balloon .
neutral	A small boy watches from his stroller as an old boy with a yellow balloon wanders a few steps away in a fair like setting .	A boy has a light yellow balloon .
neutral	A little boy clocks from his stroller as an age boy with a yellow balloon wanders a few steps away in a fair like setting .	A boy has a light yellow balloon .
neutral	A females covering her face in laughter at the dinner table .	A female has heard a joking .
neutral	A women covering her face in laughter at the dinner table .	A female has heard a joke .
neutral	A women covering her face in laughter at the dinner tables .	A women has heard a joking .
neutral	Walkers on a concrete boardwalk under a blue skies .	walkers under a blue sky near the beach
neutral	Walkers on a concrete boardwalk under a blue skies .	walkers under a blue sky near the beach
neutral	Walkers on a concrete boardwalk under a blue sky .	walkers under a blue skies near the beach
neutral	a male with a red headband climbing a rock cliff looms over greenery .	A mens has on climbing gear .
neutral	a man with a red headband climbing a rock cliff looms over greenery .	A man has on climb gear .
neutral	a man with a red headband climbing a rock cliff looms over greenery .	A male has on climbing gear .
neutral	A miners african boy skipping rocks .	There is a rock currently skipping down a pond .
neutral	A teenage african boy skipping rocks .	There is a rock currently skipping down a pond .
neutral	A juveniles african boy skipping rocks .	There is a rock currently skipping down a pond .
neutral	A dog hid in the tall grasses along a rocky shore	The dog loves to be here .
neutral	A dog hide in the tall grasses along a rocky shore	The dog loves to be here .
neutral	A dog covert in the tall grasses along a rocky shore	The dog loves to be here .
neutral	A men wearing a blue laboratory coat , safety glasses , and gloves is working at a little machine with a vast computer screen .	The males is doing scientific .
neutral	A males wearing a blue labs coat , safety sunglasses , and gloves is working at a small machine with a jumbo computer screen .	The males is doing sciences .
neutral	A males wearing a blue labs coat , safety glasses , and gloves is working at a petite machine with a jumbo computers screen .	The male is doing sciences .
neutral	While two schoolboys are jumping , others in a classroom are sitting or standing .	Two schoolchildren disrupting class .
neutral	While two pupils are jumping , others in a classroom are sitting or standing .	Two students disrupting class .
neutral	While two pupil are jumping , others in a classroom are sitting or standing .	Two schoolchildren disrupting class .
neutral	A pictures of a females in a black coat standing in front of a enormous two-paneled photographer depicting a females in a gray garb searching down with her hand in a bags .	The female in the two paneled photo is the other female 's relative
neutral	A photos of a woman in a negro coat standing in front of a massive two-paneled photographing depicting a females in a grey frock searches down with her hand in a pockets .	The women in the two paneled photographic is the other females 's relative
neutral	A photography of a females in a black coat standing in front of a large two-paneled photographer depicting a woman in a grey dress quest down with her hand in a wallets .	The female in the two paneled images is the other woman 's relative
neutral	A female runs on the beach .	A runner is working out on the sand .
neutral	A woman runs on the beach .	A racer is working out on the sand .
neutral	A women runs on the beach .	A runner is working out on the sand .
neutral	Businessman walking as two arrows point to him .	A male is walking near an archery range .
neutral	Businessman walking as two arrows point to him .	A mens is walking near an archery range .
neutral	Businessman walking as two arrows point to him .	A masculine is walking near an archery range .
neutral	A women with a stroller is passing a masculine walking a dog .	There is a black dog outer .
neutral	A woman with a stroller is passing a mens walking a dog .	There is a negro dog outdoor .
neutral	A woman with a stroller is passing a mens walking a dog .	There is a negro dog exterior .
neutral	A female in a white and red basketball uniform with the number fifteen on her chest prepares to shoot a free throw .	A woman prepares to shoot a free throw at the Staples Center .
neutral	A woman in a white and red basketball standardized with the number fifteen on her chest prepares to shoot a free throw .	A females prepares to shoot a free throw at the Staples Center .
neutral	A women in a white and red basketball standardized with the number fifteen on her torso prepares to shoot a free throw .	A women prepares to shoot a free throw at the Staples Center .
neutral	Man playing a games with a teens girl .	The males and the child daughters are having fun .
neutral	Man playing a games with a teens girls .	The men and the young girl are having fun .
neutral	Man playing a game with a underage girl .	The men and the miner girls are having fun .
neutral	Man playing a games with a teenaged girl .	The male and teenager girl are playing concealing and seek .
neutral	Man playing a game with a teenager girls .	The males and adolescents girls are play undercover and seek .
neutral	Man play a game with a youthful daughter .	The males and juvenile girl are play hides and seek .
neutral	Two official attired , bald archaic women	Two bald women with glasses .
neutral	Two official attired , bald aged women	Two bald women with goggles .
neutral	Two officially clothed , bald older women	Two bald woman with sunglasses .
neutral	Two people are play wiffle ball in a suburban areas .	A mens and a female are playing together .
neutral	Two people are play wiffle ball in a suburban area .	A masculine and a female are play together .
neutral	Two people are playing wiffle ball in a suburban sphere .	A man and a women are play together .
neutral	Two people play badminton .	A male and a female playing badminton .
neutral	Two people play badminton .	A male and a woman play badminton .
neutral	Two people playing badminton .	A males and a woman play badminton .
neutral	An ancient masculine holds up a sign .	A male is working .
neutral	An old males holds up a sign .	A males is working .
neutral	An older man holds up a sign .	A man is working .
neutral	Several bicyclers are carrying their biking up a grassy hill .	People carry their motorbikes at night .
neutral	Several bicyclers are carrying their bike up a grassy hill .	People carrying their bicycles at nightly .
neutral	Several bicyclers are carrying their cycle up a grassy hill .	People carry their bike at nightly .
neutral	A cart of overwhelming water containers is in front of two female who are standing as well as two female who are walking down the street .	The cart of water is for teenaged .
neutral	A cart of gigantic water containers is in front of two women who are standing as well as two woman who are walking down the street .	The cart of water is for kids .
neutral	A cart of hefty water containers is in front of two women who are standing as well as two females who are walking down the street .	The cart of water is for juvenile .
neutral	Several man in black t-shirts and chap are using with metallic rods to smash food that 's lies on a round tables with a hole in the center .	men dont like their lunch
neutral	Several man in black t-shirts and ceilings are using with metals rods to smash food that 's lying on a round tables with a hole in the center .	men dont like their lunch
neutral	Several man in black t-shirts and cap are using with metallic rods to smash food that 's lies on a round tables with a hole in the center .	men dont like their lunch
neutral	A helmeted males airborne on a motorbike on a filth route .	The male doing a trick in the aircraft .
neutral	A helmeted masculine airborne on a motorbike on a dirt path .	The man doing a ploy in the aircraft .
neutral	A helmeted male airborne on a motorbike on a filth paths .	The males doing a ploy in the aviation .
neutral	People are riding their bicycling down a routes .	People are having fun .
neutral	People are riding their biking down a routes .	People are having fun .
neutral	People are riding their biking down a road .	People are having fun .
neutral	A women wearing a ball chap squats down to touching the cracked earth .	An archaeologist wearing a hat squats to vessels the site for a dig
neutral	A female wearing a ball caps squats down to touching the cracked earth .	An archeologist wearing a hat squats to browsing the site for a dig
neutral	A women wearing a ball ceilings squats down to touching the cracked earth .	An archeologist wearing a hat squats to vessels the site for a dig
neutral	A homeless males pushes an overfilled plastic blue shopping cart .	A man is collect cans to recycle
neutral	A homeless masculine pushes an overfilled plastic blue shopping cart .	A masculine is collected cans to recycle
neutral	A homeless mens pushes an overfilled plastic blue shopping cart .	A males is collect cans to recycle
neutral	A mens walks past an arch in an elders gothic style building .	The male admires the craftsmanship
neutral	A males walks past an arch in an aged gothic style building .	The man admires the craftsmanship
neutral	A mens walks past an arch in an age gothic style building .	The man admires the craftsmanship
neutral	A male walks past an arch in an ancient gothic style building .	The arch is old
neutral	A mens walks past an arch in an aging gothic style building .	The arch is old
neutral	A masculine walks past an arch in an older gothic style building .	The arch is old
neutral	Two females stand in the street both wearing match outfits with police like jerseys that say Polotie .	Two woman are dance in the street wearing dresses .
neutral	Two woman stand in the street both wearing match outfits with cop like blazers that say Polotie .	Two woman are dance in the street wearing dresses .
neutral	Two woman stand in the street both wearing matching outfits with cop like jerseys that say Polotie .	Two female are dance in the street wearing dresses .
neutral	Two female stand in the street both wearing matches outfits with cop like jackets that say Polotie .	Two woman are taking place in a protesting by dressing as cops .
neutral	Two female stand in the street both wearing match outfits with policing like jerseys that say Polotie .	Two woman are taking place in a protests by dressing as policeman .
neutral	Two woman stand in the street both wearing matching outfits with policeman like jackets that say Polotie .	Two women are taking place in a demonstrations by dressing as cop .
neutral	There are two underage , a soccer ball , a dog and a goat outside in a field .	The adolescence are playing soccer in the field with their dog .
neutral	There are two youths , a soccer ball , a dog and a goat outdoor in a field .	The teenager are play soccer in the field with their dog .
neutral	There are two teenager , a soccer ball , a dog and a goat outside in a field .	The miners are play soccer in the field with their dog .
neutral	A gray-haired mens rides a bikes in front of a bus advertise Ironman .	An older male rides a mopeds in front of a bus with a movie placard on it .
neutral	A gray-haired male rides a bicycling in front of a bus promotional Ironman .	An seniors male rides a bicycling in front of a bus with a movies poster on it .
neutral	A gray-haired masculine rides a bicycles in front of a bus advertisement Ironman .	An antiquated men rides a cyclist in front of a bus with a film poster on it .
neutral	A gray-haired males rides a motorcycle in front of a bus promotional Ironman .	An senior male rides his bicycles and is almost hit by a bus because he is searching at the Ironman placard .
neutral	A gray-haired male rides a mopeds in front of a bus publicity Ironman .	An ancient men rides his cycle and is nearly hit by a bus because he is quest at the Ironman poster .
neutral	A gray-haired male rides a cyclist in front of a bus advertisement Ironman .	An outdated masculine rides his motorbikes and is nearly hit by a bus because he is searching at the Ironman poster .
neutral	Two woman look at a table with assorted items on it in some kind of marketplace that others are currently studying .	the woman are searches at a bouquet of flower
neutral	Two women look at a tables with varied item on it in some sorting of market that others are currently yacht .	the woman are looking at a bouquet of flower
neutral	Two female look at a tables with several item on it in some sorting of market that others are currently ships .	the females are quest at a bouquet of flower
neutral	Two women look at a tables with many items on it in some sorted of market that others are currently studied .	the woman are hot
neutral	Two females look at a table with several items on it in some kind of market that others are currently navigating .	the women are hot
neutral	Two female look at a tables with multiple items on it in some sorted of market that others are currently sail .	the women are hot
neutral	A mens juggles a flaming staff in the dark .	A masculine in a circus with flaming staff .
neutral	A mens juggles a flaming staff in the dark .	A men in a circus with flaming staff .
neutral	A males juggles a flaming staff in the dark .	A men in a circus with flaming staff .
neutral	A males in a grassy field throws a stick for a panels of three brown dogs .	The males enjoys dogs .
neutral	A males in a grassy field throws a stick for a groups of three brown dogs .	The man enjoys dogs .
neutral	A males in a grassy field throws a stick for a groups of three brown dogs .	The mens enjoys dogs .
neutral	A player on the red soccer team has just scored a goals while the opposed team clocks the ball go in .	A soccer player scored a targets in an iternational championship games .
neutral	A player on the red soccer team has just scored a goals while the opposing team clocks the ball go in .	A soccer player scored a purpose in an iternational championship game .
neutral	A player on the red soccer team has just scored a goals while the oppose team clocks the ball go in .	A soccer player scored a goal in an iternational championship games .
neutral	A mens wearing a gray shirt and pink wristband plays the drum .	a males in a grey shirt and pink wristband plays drum during a concert
neutral	A man wearing a grey shirt and pink wristband plays the drum .	a men in a gray shirt and pink wristband plays drumming during a concert
neutral	A man wearing a gray shirt and pink wristband plays the drums .	a man in a gray shirt and pink wristband plays drumming during a concert
neutral	A women wearing a straw hat is sitting among a variety of varied foods while holding a drank .	A females is enjoying a beer .
neutral	A female wearing a straw hat is sitting among a variety of varying foods while holding a drink .	A woman is enjoying a beer .
neutral	A female wearing a straw hat is sitting among a variety of various foods while holding a drank .	A women is enjoying a beer .
neutral	An Asian lady is holding a cup and sitting in front of a tables cover in different foods .	The dame is holding a porcelain cup .
neutral	An Asian dame is holding a cup and sitting in front of a table covered in multiple foods .	The lady is holding a porcelain cup .
neutral	An Asian lady is holding a cup and sitting in front of a tables covered in varied foods .	The dame is holding a porcelain cup .
neutral	A woman logging a paper notices to a board .	A woman log a job notices on a bulletin board .
neutral	A females recorded a paper notices to a board .	A women record a job notice on a bulletin board .
neutral	A women logging a paper notice to a board .	A female registering a job notices on a bulletin board .
neutral	A males sits on his throne behind the drums .	A king sits behind some drums .
neutral	A masculine sits on his throne behind the drumming .	A king sits behind some drums .
neutral	A male sits on his throne behind the drumming .	A king sits behind some drums .
neutral	an elders shoemaker in his factory	The shoemaker is wealthy .
neutral	an aged shoemaker in his factory	The cobbler is wealthy .
neutral	an senior cobbler in his factory	The shoemaker is wealthy .
neutral	A toddler is intrigued by a toy lego set in a bookcase .	A boy is chosen a birthday gift for himself at the store .
neutral	A toddler is intrigued by a toy lego set in a bookshop .	A boy is choosing a birthday gift for himself at the boutique .
neutral	A toddler is intrigued by a toy lego set in a library .	A boy is chosen a birthday gift for himself at the boutique .
neutral	A mama holds her infants baby .	An Asian mom holding her baby girls .
neutral	A mothers holds her newborn baby .	An Asian mama holding her baby girls .
neutral	A mother holds her babies baby .	An Asian mam holding her baby daughter .
neutral	A adolescents boy wearing a red shirt runs along a gravel routes .	A teenager is hunted a car .
neutral	A child boy wearing a red shirt runs along a gravel paths .	A minors is hunting a autos .
neutral	A underage boy wearing a red shirt runs along a gravel path .	A teens is hunt a vehicle .
neutral	A female in a burgundy coat exits Trader Joe 's with a cart full of groceries .	a wife taking groceries home to her family
neutral	A women in a burgundy coat exits Trader Joe 's with a cart full of groceries .	a wife taking groceries home to her family
neutral	A woman in a burgundy coat exits Trader Joe 's with a cart full of groceries .	a wife taking groceries home to her family
neutral	A female is walking with a full shopping cart away from a Trader Joe 's .	A women is leaving Trader Joe 's with a full shopping cart of things she just stole .
neutral	A women is walking with a full shopping cart away from a Trader Joe 's .	A female is leaving Trader Joe 's with a full shopping cart of things she just stole .
neutral	A woman is walking with a full shopping cart away from a Trader Joe 's .	A females is leaving Trader Joe 's with a full shopping cart of things she just stole .
neutral	A saving worker searches with a flashlight under a slab in a ruined building .	A rescuing worker searches for survivors .
neutral	A saved worker search with a flashlight under a slab in a ruined building .	A rescue worker searching for survivors .
neutral	A rescued worker searching with a flashlight under a slab in a ruined building .	A rescues worker quest for survivor .
neutral	A firemen search for something using a flashlight .	A masculine is searching for survivors .
neutral	A fireman search for something using a flashlight .	A mens is search for survivors .
neutral	A firefighter search for something using a flashlight .	A males is looking for survivor .
neutral	A firefighters with a neon helmet and a pickaxe inspected some debris with a flashlight .	A firefighter with an ax stands in a burns houses .
neutral	A firemen with a neon helmet and a pickaxe inspected some debris with a flashlight .	A fireman with an ax stands in a burns houses .
neutral	A fireman with a neon helmet and a pickaxe exam some debris with a flashlight .	A firefighters with an axe stands in a combustion housing .
neutral	A dark-haired masculine in a black standardized is speaking to a men wearing a negro jacket and negro helmet on a biking .	A masculine in a police standardized is talking to another males .
neutral	A dark-haired masculine in a negro uniformed is speaking to a male wearing a black jacket and black helmet on a bikes .	A mens in a cops uniform is discussions to another men .
neutral	A dark-haired mens in a black uniformed is speaking to a men wearing a negro jacket and black helmet on a mopeds .	A men in a cop standardized is conversation to another males .
neutral	There is a men poking a lengthy stick up towards the chaps .	The mens has no pistols .
neutral	There is a male poking a long stick up towards the chaps .	The males has no weapons .
neutral	There is a masculine poking a lengthy stick up towards the chaps .	The male has no weapons .
neutral	There is a men poking a long stick up towards the chaps .	The man is assassinated a spider .
neutral	There is a masculine poking a lengthy stick up toward the cap .	The mens is murdering a spider .
neutral	There is a masculine poking a long stick up towards the ceilings .	The masculine is assassinated a spider .
neutral	A males is sitting at a restaurant tables outdoors .	The masculine is being served food under an umbrella .
neutral	A man is sitting at a restaurant table outdoors .	The male is being served food under an umbrella .
neutral	A male is sitting at a restaurant table outdoors .	The men is being served food under an umbrella .
neutral	Young kids waving American flags for a soldier	Children are welcoming home soldiers
neutral	Young miner waving American flags for a soldier	Children are welcoming home soldiers
neutral	Young youth waving American flags for a soldier	Children are welcoming home soldiers
neutral	A man in a helmet and protects gear driving a go kart , numbered 65 , on a confined paved routing .	A masculine drives a go kart , numbered 65 , on a narrow paved route in the snowy .
neutral	A mens in a helmet and defensive gear drive a go kart , numbered 65 , on a restrained paved routing .	A males drive a go kart , numbered 65 , on a restrained paved route in the snowy .
neutral	A masculine in a helmet and protect gear drives a go kart , numbered 65 , on a limited paved path .	A masculine drive a go kart , numbered 65 , on a restrained paved pathway in the snowy .
neutral	A little youth in a red jacket is sitting on a men 's shoulders and holding his head .	Th little youths is watching a performance .
neutral	A little child in a red jacket is sitting on a men 's shoulders and holding his head .	Th little teen is watching a performance .
neutral	A small kid in a red jacket is sitting on a mens 's shoulders and holding his head .	Th small teenager is watching a performance .
neutral	Four adolescents and an older men and woman playing in water just up to the bottom of male 's swim trunks .	Grandparents watch their grandkids playing in the water .
neutral	Four smaller and an antique male and women play in water just up to the bottom of man 's swim trunks .	Grandparents watch their grandkids playing in the water .
neutral	Four minors and an antiquated males and female play in water just up to the bottom of man 's swim trunks .	Grandparents watch their grandkids play in the water .
neutral	The women in the black shirt hands papers to the youth surrounding her .	THe woman is giving homework to the teenagers .
neutral	The females in the black shirt hands papers to the young surrounding her .	THe female is giving homework to the child .
neutral	The woman in the negro shirt hands papers to the teenaged surrounding her .	THe women is giving homework to the underage .
neutral	A adolescence male standing on one foot in colorful bowling footwear after throwing the ball .	A children is standing on one footing .
neutral	A youth masculine standing on one foot in colorful billiard footwear after throwing the ball .	A miner is standing on one foot .
neutral	A adolescents masculine standing on one foot in colorful bowling shoe after throwing the ball .	A teen is standing on one footing .
neutral	A juvenile man standing on one feet in colorful billiard shoes after throwing the ball .	A individuals in a negro shirt is standing on one foot .
neutral	A underage man standing on one feet in colorful bowling shoes after throwing the ball .	A person in a black shirt is standing on one footing .
neutral	A adolescence mens standing on one feet in colorful bowling footwear after throwing the ball .	A persons in a negro shirt is standing on one feet .
neutral	A zaftig females in a pipe top and jeans dance outdoors , with a guitarist behind her .	A woman is dance to a mans guitar play .
neutral	A zaftig females in a tubing top and jeans dance outdoors , with a guitarist behind her .	A female is dances to a mans guitar playing .
neutral	A zaftig female in a pipe top and jeans dances outdoors , with a guitarist behind her .	A women is dances to a mans guitar play .
neutral	Several cartoon characters are behind a children daughters sitting in a highchair with a pail and SpongeBob in front of her .	One of the cartoon character is upset .
neutral	Several cartoon characters are behind a kid daughter sitting in a highchair with a bucket and SpongeBob in front of her .	One of the cartoon character is upset .
neutral	Several cartoon characters are behind a teen girls sitting in a highchair with a pail and SpongeBob in front of her .	One of the cartoon character is upset .
neutral	Several cartoon characters are behind a minor girl sitting in a highchair with a pail and SpongeBob in front of her .	There 's a gathering of cartoon characters .
neutral	Several cartoon characters are behind a teenagers girl sitting in a highchair with a bucket and SpongeBob in front of her .	There 's a gathering of cartoon characters .
neutral	Several cartoon characters are behind a teenagers girls sitting in a highchair with a bucket and SpongeBob in front of her .	There 's a gathering of cartoon characters .
neutral	People waiting to crossing the street on the side of a pavement .	People are cross the street during a parade .
neutral	People wait to cross the street on the side of a pavement .	People are crossed the street during a parade .
neutral	People wait to cross the street on the side of a sidewalk .	People are crossed the street during a parade .
neutral	Little girls blows bubbles in a public squares .	A small daughters is wait for her parents .
neutral	Little girls blows bubbles in a public squares .	A petite girl is wait for her parents .
neutral	Little girls blows bubbles in a public square .	A petite daughters is waiting for her parents .
neutral	The teens mens in the bourbon shirt is sitting on a chair that is out in the yard .	Someone is sitting outside wait for a friend to arrive .
neutral	The teenaged masculine in the plaid shirt is sitting on a chair that is out in the yard .	Someone is sitting outside waiting for a friend to arrive .
neutral	The youth males in the scotland shirt is sitting on a chairs that is out in the yard .	Someone is sitting outside wait for a friend to arrive .
neutral	The youths men in the plaid shirt is sitting on a chair that is out in the yard .	A guy is relaxed outer .
neutral	The teenagers man in the plaid shirt is sitting on a chair that is out in the yard .	A guy is relax outboard .
neutral	The smaller mens in the scotch shirt is sitting on a chair that is out in the yard .	A guy is relaxed exterior .
neutral	Girl in red jumping up	The daughters is jumping to catch the frisbee .
neutral	Girl in red jumping up	The daughter is jumping to catch the frisbee .
neutral	Girl in red jumping up	The daughters is jumping to catch the frisbee .
neutral	Group of minor grownups posing for photos near spanish-language sign .	The people are tourists .
neutral	Group of teenagers adults posing for photography near spanish-language sign .	The people are tourists .
neutral	Group of teen adult posing for photographing near spanish-language sign .	The people are tourists .
neutral	two shirtless men jumping over a street rail , probably practising newest dance moves .	Two nude men are practicing dances moves on the street .
neutral	two shirtless man jumping over a street rail , probably practice newer dance moves .	Two naked males are practice dancing moves on the street .
neutral	two shirtless males jumping over a street rail , probably practicing new dancing moves .	Two hairless masculine are practise dancing moves on the street .
neutral	A boy plays with a motorized car next to a dirty street lined with actual autos .	an abadnoned boy is playing with his toy in the ghetto alley .
neutral	A boy plays with a motorized car next to a dirty street lined with real autos .	an abadnoned boy is play with his toy in the ghetto alleyway .
neutral	A boy plays with a motorized auto next to a dirty street lined with actual automobile .	an abadnoned boy is playing with his toy in the ghetto alleyway .
neutral	The petite adolescent is wearing winter apparel and a hat .	The little kid is attired in a parka .
neutral	The small youth is wearing winter apparel and a hat .	The petite children is dressed in a parka .
neutral	The small kids is wearing winter garment and a hat .	The small kids is clothed in a parka .
neutral	A petite white curly-haired dog runs across the sidewalk with a stick in its mouth .	A dog runs toward his owner with a stick in his mouth .
neutral	A little white curly-haired dog runs across the pavement with a stick in its mouth .	A dog runs towards his homeowner with a stick in his mouth .
neutral	A little white curly-haired dog runs across the pavement with a stick in its mouth .	A dog runs toward his homeowner with a stick in his mouth .
neutral	A teenage white masculine in running gear is jog by the water .	A masculine runs along a routing .
neutral	A underage white males in running gear is jogging by the water .	A men runs along a routing .
neutral	A teenagers white males in running gear is jog by the water .	A man runs along a paths .
neutral	A kid daughter with water wings leaps into a crowded pool	The daughters is jumping to her father in the pool .
neutral	A smaller girls with water wings leaps into a crowded pool	The girls is jumping to her father in the pool .
neutral	A adolescent daughters with water wings leaps into a crowded pool	The daughter is jumping to her fathers in the pool .
neutral	A boy wearing a helmet is jumping his skateboard .	A boy is jumping his skateboarding while his friends watch .
neutral	A boy wearing a helmet is jumping his skateboarding .	A boy is jumping his skateboard while his friends watch .
neutral	A boy wearing a helmet is jumping his skateboard .	A boy is jumping his skateboard while his friends watch .
neutral	A panels of people sitting around a small round tables eating .	The people are enjoying a meal .
neutral	A panels of people sitting around a little round tables eating .	The people are enjoying a meal .
neutral	A grouping of people sitting around a petite round table eating .	The people are enjoying a meal .
neutral	A groups of people sitting around a petite round tables eating .	The panels is discussing the next project for work .
neutral	A groups of people sitting around a small round table eating .	The groups is discussing the next projects for work .
neutral	A panel of people sitting around a petite round tables eating .	The groups is discussing the next project for work .
neutral	A woman is walking her dog along a snowy ground .	A woman is trying to get her dog to go to the tub after it has freshly snowed .
neutral	A women is walking her dog along a snow ground .	A females is trying to get her dog to go to the toilet after it has freshly snowed .
neutral	A women is walking her dog along a snow ground .	A woman is trying to get her dog to go to the bathhouse after it has freshly snowed .
neutral	This woman is snowboarding down a snowy hill .	This woman is snowboarding down a hill in a tournament .
neutral	This women is skiing down a snow hill .	This woman is skiing down a hill in a tournament .
neutral	This women is snowboard down a snow hill .	This females is snowboarding down a hill in a tournament .
neutral	A lady sitting on a bench with a book on her lap with a boy and daughters on either side of her .	A mummy is wait for the bus with her kids .
neutral	A dame sitting on a bench with a book on her lap with a boy and daughter on either side of her .	A mum is waiting for the bus with her juvenile .
neutral	A dame sitting on a bench with a book on her lap with a boy and girl on either side of her .	A mam is waiting for the bus with her adolescent .
neutral	A teenaged blows a whistling and wears white face paintings , earmuffs , and a yellow hat while another youthful watches .	A tall person in face paint
neutral	A teen blows a whistle and wears white face paint , earmuffs , and a yellow hat while another youth clocks .	A tall person in face paint
neutral	A youth blows a whistling and wears white face painted , earmuffs , and a yellow hat while another minor clocks .	A tall persons in face paint
neutral	A groups of people are riding down a roller coaster that appears to be called the `` Cyclone . ''	A panels from the local 4-H club enjoy a day at the local entertainment portion as portion of their year-end celebration .
neutral	A group of people are riding down a roller coaster that appears to be called the `` Cyclone . ''	A panels from the local 4-H club enjoy a day at the local entertainment portion as part of their year-end celebration .
neutral	A groups of people are riding down a roller coaster that appears to be called the `` Cyclone . ''	A groups from the local 4-H club enjoy a day at the local amusement part as portion of their year-end celebration .
neutral	3 ladies with digit on their shirts running .	The ladies are in a marathon .
neutral	3 ladies with numbers on their shirts running .	The ladies are in a marathon .
neutral	3 ladies with figures on their shirts running .	The ladies are in a marathon .
neutral	A stoplight displaying two cycling symbols , a left-turning green arrow and a red forward signal stands in the foreground while a men in a white hat and blue shirt bicycling along a red pathway .	This mens is an sport .
neutral	A stoplight displaying two bicycle symbols , a left-turning green arrow and a red forward signaling stands in the foreground while a mens in a white hat and blue shirt mopeds along a red routing .	This man is an sports .
neutral	A stoplight displaying two bike symbols , a left-turning green arrow and a red forward signalling stands in the foreground while a males in a white hat and blue shirt moped along a red pathway .	This male is an athletics .
neutral	A stoplight displaying two motorbikes symbols , a left-turning green arrow and a red forward signaling stands in the foreground while a masculine in a white hat and blue shirt motorcycle along a red paths .	The men is going to turn left at the green arrow .
neutral	A stoplight displaying two mopeds symbols , a left-turning green arrow and a red forwards signalling stands in the foreground while a mens in a white hat and blue shirt bicycling along a red path .	The mens is going to turn left at the green arrow .
neutral	A stoplight displaying two cycle symbols , a left-turning green arrow and a red forwards signalling stands in the foreground while a mens in a white hat and blue shirt bicycle along a red pathway .	The male is going to turning left at the green arrow .
neutral	A women with a vest and red shirt is holding her hand up above a black and white dog that is jumping .	The vest is nice and warm .
neutral	A female with a vest and red shirt is holding her hand up above a black and white dog that is jumping .	The vest is nice and warm .
neutral	A female with a vest and red shirt is holding her hand up above a negro and white dog that is jumping .	The vest is nice and warming .
neutral	A boy making an `` oh ! '' face in front of a bay .	A kid is surprised by the boat .
neutral	A boy making an `` oh ! '' face in front of a bay .	A teenager is surprised by the studies .
neutral	A boy making an `` oh ! '' face in front of a bay .	A adolescent is surprised by the sailing .
neutral	Three mens in hats and a woman in a red shirt sailing the produce presented to them by the mens in the blue shirt and white hat .	The groups is going to buy something
neutral	Three masculine in hats and a female in a red shirt examine the produce presented to them by the masculine in the blue shirt and white hat .	The groups is going to buy something
neutral	Three male in hats and a woman in a red shirt studied the produce presented to them by the men in the blue shirt and white hat .	The groups is going to buy something
neutral	Two youths are sitting on a white blanket , while the other miners is sitting in the dirt .	Two juvenile are having fun together
neutral	Two minors are sitting on a white blanket , while the other adolescent is sitting in the filth .	Two youngsters are having fun together
neutral	Two adolescents are sitting on a white blanket , while the other adolescent is sitting in the dirt .	Two miner are having fun together
neutral	The red motocross cyclist and its rider are airborne above the trees .	A red motocross bicycle is being taken over a jump by a rider , while performing a trick .
neutral	The red motocross bike and its rider are airborne above the trees .	A red motocross cyclist is being taken over a jump by a rider , while performing a trick .
neutral	The red motocross cycling and its rider are airborne above the tree .	A red motocross motorcycle is being taken over a leap by a rider , while performing a trick .
neutral	A crowd of people meets the street in front of a McDonald 's .	The people are hungry .
neutral	A crowd of people meets the street in front of a McDonald 's .	The people are hungry .
neutral	A crowd of people fulfills the street in front of a McDonald 's .	The people are hungry .
neutral	A underage boy walks on a pipe that stretches over water .	A boy is in dangers of falling into water .
neutral	A teenage boy walks on a tubing that stretches over water .	A boy is in threats of falling into water .
neutral	A youthful boy walks on a tubes that stretches over water .	A boy is in hazard of falling into water .
neutral	A adolescence attired in purple clothing and a hat runs in splashing water while a man and a little boy walk vicinity .	a teenager enjoys summer vacation
neutral	A youngsters dressed in purple clothing and a hat runs in splashing water while a masculine and a small boy walk nearby .	a minor enjoys summer vacation
neutral	A youngsters attired in purple clothes and a hat runs in splashing water while a males and a little boy walk vicinity .	a adolescent enjoys summer vacation
neutral	A teenaged , well-dressed black males seated behind a drums set and smiling .	the male is an agent
neutral	A teen , well-dressed negro men seated behind a drum set and smiling .	the male is an agent
neutral	A teenager , well-dressed black masculine seated behind a drum set and smiling .	the male is an agent
neutral	A guy is attempting to perform a skateboarding ploy while jumping over portion of a white building in an attempt to land on the concrete outside .	The man has performed this trick prior .
neutral	A guy is attempting to perform a skateboarding ploy while jumping over portion of a white building in an try to land on the concrete exterior .	The males has performed this trick before .
neutral	A guy is attempting to perform a skateboarding ploy while jumping over portion of a white building in an attempt to land on the concrete outside .	The male has performed this trick avant .
neutral	This person looks to be snowboarding on a very petite pile of snow on a sunny cold day .	Ski season has now begun
neutral	This persons looks to be snowboarding on a very little piling of snowy on a sunny cold day .	Ski season has now begun
neutral	This persons looks to be snowboard on a very petite piling of snow on a sunny icy day .	Ski season has now begun
neutral	A persons , in a striped blue shirt and trousers , is running along .	The person is old
neutral	A individuals , in a striped blue shirt and underpants , is running along .	The person is old
neutral	A person , in a striped blue shirt and panties , is running along .	The persons is old
neutral	A males looks target while sculpting a gargoyle .	The men is trying to adding colors to his sculpture .
neutral	A masculine looks goal while sculpting a gargoyle .	The masculine is trying to adding colour to his sculpture .
neutral	A mens looks aims while sculpting a gargoyle .	The masculine is trying to added colors to his sculpture .
neutral	A miners boy in green shorts balances on a pipes above a river .	A smart persons balances .
neutral	A youth boy in green shorts balancing on a tubing above a river .	A intelligent persons balancing .
neutral	A minors boy in green shorts balances on a tubing above a river .	A smart persons balance .
neutral	A mens sitting and a females laying in his lap kissing each other .	A couple are preparing to be intimate .
neutral	A men sitting and a female laying in his lap kissing each other .	A couple are preparing to be intimate .
neutral	A mens sitting and a females laying in his lap kissing each other .	A couple are preparing to be intimate .
neutral	A males performing cars repairs in front of a building .	The man is a mechanic .
neutral	A males performing vehicles repairs in front of a building .	The masculine is a mechanic .
neutral	A masculine performing automobile repair in front of a building .	The masculine is a mechanic .
neutral	People on a nature walk with nets and backpacks with trees to the left of them .	People on a nature walk with nets and backpacks with trees to the left of them hope to revert to camp before sundown .
neutral	People on a nature walk with nets and backpacks with tree to the left of them .	People on a nature walk with nets and backpacks with trees to the left of them hope to return to camp before nightfall .
neutral	People on a nature walk with nets and backpacks with tree to the left of them .	People on a nature walk with nets and backpacks with tree to the left of them hope to return to camp before dusk .
neutral	A masculine holding a yellow surfboard facing the naval .	A males is holding a surfboard on the negro sand beach .
neutral	A mens holding a yellow surfboard facing the naval .	A mens is holding a surfboard on the black sand beach .
neutral	A male holding a yellow surfboard facing the marina .	A man is holding a surfboard on the black sand beach .
neutral	A water scene with a sunset in the background .	There is a minor couple at the water scene .
neutral	A water scene with a sunset in the background .	There is a children couple at the water scene .
neutral	A water scene with a sunset in the background .	There is a youth couple at the water scene .
neutral	The masculine is performing a ploy on a mopeds high in the aviation .	A man is showing off for his friends .
neutral	The man is performing a ploy on a bicycling high in the planes .	A masculine is showing off for his friends .
neutral	The men is performing a trick on a bike high in the aeroplane .	A masculine is showing off for his friends .
neutral	A wakeboarder .	A individuals rides on a wakeboard along the beach .
neutral	A wakeboarder .	A individuals rides on a wakeboard along the beach .
neutral	A wakeboarder .	A persons rides on a wakeboard along the beach .
neutral	A blond females wearing a perla bracelet is about to kiss a male wearing a white shirt .	A mens and female are on a dates .
neutral	A blond woman wearing a pearl bracelet is approximately to kissing a men wearing a white shirt .	A masculine and female are on a dates .
neutral	A blond females wearing a perla bracelet is approximately to kiss a male wearing a white shirt .	A masculine and woman are on a dates .
neutral	Two men at a fishes marketplace filled with boxes of fishes and freshly chop fillets investigating a weight scale .	A males selling fishes from a stall in the fish markets .
neutral	Two men at a fish markets filled with boxes of fish and freshly chop fillets yachting a weighing scale .	A males sold fishes from a stall in the fish markets .
neutral	Two men at a fish marketplace filled with boxes of fish and freshly cutting fillets navigator a weight scaling .	A man sell fish from a stall in the fishes markets .
neutral	A juvenile mens wearing a green shirt and a hat attempts a trick on a skateboard while riding it in a skate park next to a beach .	A teenaged is practising his skateboard capabilities .
neutral	A kids man wearing a green shirt and a hat attempts a trick on a skateboarding while riding it in a skate park next to a beach .	A juvenile is practicing his skateboarding abilities .
neutral	A adolescent males wearing a green shirt and a hat attempts a trick on a skateboarding while riding it in a skate park next to a beach .	A young is practise his skateboarding capacity .
neutral	an asia man in a black tracksuit is watching student doing exercised on basketball court .	man coaching players
neutral	an asian masculine in a negro tracksuit is watching students doing exercised on basketball court .	man coach players
neutral	an asia man in a black tracksuit is watching pupil doing exercised on basketball court .	man coaching players
neutral	Four men wearing orange vests are putting in a steel beam on the ground .	Tall humans in orange
neutral	Four man wearing orange vests are putting in a steel beam on the ground .	Tall humans in orange
neutral	Four male wearing orange vests are putting in a steel beam on the ground .	Tall humans in orange
neutral	A woman in a fur lined bourbon purple jacket stands by a tables full of eating teenaged .	The female is watching the minors eat their lunch .
neutral	A women in a fur lined scotch purple jacket stands by a tables full of eating adolescent .	The female is watching the miners eat their lunch .
neutral	A women in a fur lined whiskey purple jacket stands by a table full of eating teenage .	The females is watching the smaller eat their lunch .
neutral	The baseball gamers near the pitching mound are celebrating as the batsman walks away .	The pitcher just struck out the oppose player at bat .
neutral	The baseball players near the pitch mound are celebrating as the batsman walks away .	The pitcher just struck out the opposing player at bat .
neutral	The baseball players near the pitching mound are celebrating as the hitter walks away .	The pitcher just struck out the oppose player at bat .
neutral	A teenage mens waring negro and carrying a skateboard looks at an exterior skateboard park .	A guy is going skateboarding today .
neutral	A kid mens waring black and carrying a skateboard looks at an outdoor skateboard park .	A guy is going skateboarding today .
neutral	A youths men waring negro and carry a skateboarding looks at an outboard skateboard park .	A guy is going skateboard today .
neutral	The blond kid man who had been splattered with paints coloring of blue , orange , and green held up his camera to take a photograph .	A men cover in paint after a paintball fight takes a photographing .
neutral	The blond teenagers male who had been splattered with paints colours of blue , orange , and green held up his camera to take a photographic .	A man covered in painting after a paintball struggle takes a picture .
neutral	The blond kid male who had been splattered with painted coloring of blue , orange , and green held up his camera to take a photographic .	A mens covered in paintings after a paintball battle takes a picture .
neutral	A man wearing only a hat , boots , and underwear is walking the sidewalk with a guitar strapped around his shoulder .	A masculine wearing only a hat , boots , and underwear is walking the sidewalk at night
neutral	A masculine wearing only a hat , boots , and underwear is walking the sidewalk with a guitar strapped around his shoulder .	A male wearing only a hat , boots , and underwear is walking the sidewalk at night
neutral	A men wearing solely a hat , boots , and underwear is walking the sidewalk with a guitar strapped around his shoulder .	A mens wearing solely a hat , boots , and underwear is walking the pavement at night
neutral	Two minors daughter with lengthy brunette hairdo , standing in front of a stone wall play a games .	Two daughters play hopscotch .
neutral	Two minor girl with lengthy brunette hairdo , standing in front of a stone wall play a games .	Two daughters play hopscotch .
neutral	Two teenaged daughters with lengthy brunette hairstyle , standing in front of a stone wall playing a game .	Two girl play hopscotch .
neutral	Group of Asians registered some videotape .	A grouping of Asians recorded varied videotapes .
neutral	Group of Asians logging some videotape .	A groups of Asians recording several videotaped .
neutral	Group of Asians records some videotape .	A grouping of Asians logs myriad videotaped .
neutral	A brunette women holding a little daughters attired in pink is kneeling next to a grazing white and brown llama in the foreground of a mountainous community .	A female holds her girl .
neutral	A brunette woman holding a petite daughter dressed in pink is kneeling next to a pasture white and brown llama in the foreground of a mountainous community .	A females holds her daughters .
neutral	A brunette female holding a small girls dressed in pink is kneeling next to a grazing white and brown llama in the foreground of a mountainous community .	A women holds her daughter .
neutral	Four people and a dog out in the woods .	Some mammals want to live and the others do n't want them to .
neutral	Four people and a dog out in the lumber .	Some mammals want to live and the others do n't want them to .
neutral	Four people and a dog out in the woods .	Some mammals want to live and the others do n't want them to .
neutral	A youths girl with a purple shirt and a pink hair bands standing near the woods .	A petite daughters in a pink shirt is readies to run in the wood .
neutral	A teenager girl with a purple shirt and a pink hairdo bands standing near the wood .	A petite girls in a pink shirt is ready to run in the timber .
neutral	A youths girls with a purple shirt and a pink hairdo band standing near the wooden .	A petite daughters in a pink shirt is readies to run in the woods .
neutral	Young boy wearing pajamas lying down in bed and sleep on a colorful striped pillow .	A juveniles boy is slumber at a sleeping over .
neutral	Young boy wearing pajamas lurks down in bed and slept on a colorful striped pillow .	A juvenile boy is slept at a sleeping over .
neutral	Young boy wearing pajamas lies down in bed and sleep on a colorful striped pillow .	A adolescent boy is slumber at a sleep over .
neutral	A men in a white shirt and baseball hat is pushing a cart carrying myriad satchel on a street .	A homeless man strolls through the street .
neutral	A men in a white shirt and baseball hat is pushing a cart carrying various satchel on a street .	A homeless masculine strolls through the street .
neutral	A mens in a white shirt and baseball hat is pushing a cart carry varied purses on a street .	A homeless mens strolls through the street .
neutral	A males and a teenaged painting a post .	The fathers and sons are repairs the sign .
neutral	A male and a kid paints a post .	The father and son are repair the sign .
neutral	A mens and a teen paintings a post .	The fathers and sons are repairing the sign .
neutral	White dog high jumping over some pillows .	The dog is jumping over some pillows to get to a treat .
neutral	White dog high jumping over some pillows .	The dog is jumping over some pillows to get to a treat .
neutral	White dog high jumping over some pillows .	The dog is jumping over some pillows to get to a treat .
neutral	A dame with blue jeans and a brown shirt is speaking on her cellphone on the second floor of the mall .	the lady is shpping
neutral	A lady with blue jeans and a brown shirt is speaking on her mobiles on the seconds floor of the mall .	the lady is shpping
neutral	A dame with blue jeans and a brown shirt is speaking on her movable on the seconds floor of the mall .	the dame is shpping
neutral	A masculine , with a full face mask , sits on a sidewalk playing the guitar .	The male 's mask is a clown face
neutral	A masculine , with a full face mask , sits on a sidewalk play the guitar .	The males 's mask is a clown face
neutral	A male , with a full face mask , sits on a pavement playing the guitar .	The men 's mask is a clown face
neutral	In front is a guy singing and playing guitar and a white shirted drummer in the back .	Some people perform at a concert .
neutral	In front is a guy sings and play guitar and a white shirted drummer in the back .	Some people perform at a concert .
neutral	In front is a guy sung and playing guitar and a white shirted drummer in the back .	Some people perform at a concert .
neutral	a dog roughly to leap to catch a Frisbee	The dog is outboard .
neutral	a dog approximately to leap to catch a Frisbee	The dog is outside .
neutral	a dog approximately to jump to catch a Frisbee	The dog is outdoor .
neutral	A females in orange eyeglasses is play the drums while speaking into a mics in front of a enormous sign .	A woman is giving a speeches approximately her beliefs while playing the drumming .
neutral	A women in orange spectacles is playing the drum while speaking into a mics in front of a massive sign .	A females is giving a speeches approximately her beliefs while playing the drumming .
neutral	A woman in orange spectacles is play the drumming while speaking into a microphone in front of a monumental sign .	A females is giving a speech roughly her beliefs while playing the drumming .
neutral	A couple walking their dog .	A couple is walking their dog to the park .
neutral	A couple walking their dog .	A couple is walking their dog to the park .
neutral	A couple walking their dog .	A couple is walking their dog to the park .
neutral	Two minor re laying on a carpeting with some woods bricks laid out in a squares between them .	Two teen are building a brick kiln .
neutral	Two child re laying on a rug with some woods bricks laid out in a squares between them .	Two adolescence are building a brick oven .
neutral	Two adolescence re laying on a rugs with some timber bricks laid out in a squares between them .	Two children are building a brick oven .
neutral	A masculine in a blue collared t-shirt posing at someone while holding a hebrew newspaper .	He is reading the newspaper .
neutral	A mens in a blue collared t-shirt posing at someone while holding a jewish journal .	He is reading the journal .
neutral	A mens in a blue collared t-shirt posing at someone while holding a jewish newspapers .	He is reading the newspapers .
neutral	A petite youths with a sac walks down a restrained paths next to a painted wall .	A small teenager is coming home from school
neutral	A little juvenile with a bags walks down a narrow routing next to a paintings wall .	A small youth is coming home from school
neutral	A small kid with a backpack walks down a narrow routing next to a paints wall .	A little teen is coming home from school
neutral	a lady looks surprised .	The woman looks surprised and is yelling angrily .
neutral	a dame looks surprised .	The woman looks surprised and is yelling angrily .
neutral	a dame looks surprised .	The woman looks surprised and is shouting angrily .
neutral	a dame looks surprised .	A female looks surprised because someone just dropped to one knee and proposing !
neutral	a dame looks surprised .	A female looks surprised because someone just dropped to one knee and propose !
neutral	a dame looks surprised .	A females looks surprised because someone just dropped to one knee and proposes !
neutral	mens doing carpenter or construction on top of an unfinished building .	The mens did n't know if he was a construction worker or woodwork .
neutral	mens doing woodworking or construction on top of an unfinished building .	The males did n't know if he was a construction worker or woodworking .
neutral	man doing carpentry or construction on top of an unfinished building .	The men did n't know if he was a construction worker or carpenter .
neutral	masculine doing woodworking or construction on top of an unfinished building .	The carpentry was almost finished .
neutral	man doing carpentry or construction on top of an unfinished building .	The carpentry was almost finished .
neutral	males doing carpenter or construction on top of an unfinished building .	The carpentry was almost finished .
neutral	A man in a blue collared t-shirt posing at someone while holding a hebrew newspaper .	He is jewish .
neutral	A masculine in a blue collared t-shirt posing at someone while holding a jewish newspaper .	He is hebrew .
neutral	A male in a blue collared t-shirt posing at someone while holding a jewish newspapers .	He is hebrew .
neutral	Two males with match t-shirts fold a towel in the living rooms .	Two masculine with match baseball team shirts are fold a towel .
neutral	Two man with matching t-shirts fold a towel in the living rooms .	Two males with match baseball team shirts are folding a towel .
neutral	Two masculine with matching t-shirts folding a towel in the living rooms .	Two man with matching baseball team shirts are folding a towel .
neutral	Two masculine wearing red jackets are quest out over some water and one masculine has yellow handset on his ears .	Some men wearing red winter jerseys are searching over a lake and listening to music .
neutral	Two mens wearing red blazers are looking out over some water and one male has yellow headsets on his ears .	Some males wearing red winter jerseys are quest over a lake and listening to music .
neutral	Two man wearing red jackets are looking out over some water and one man has yellow earphones on his ears .	Some male wearing red winter jackets are searching over a lake and listening to music .
neutral	Two mens wearing red blazers are search out over some water and one mens has yellow earphone on his ears .	The males listening to music is listening to Kanye West .
neutral	Two males wearing red jackets are quest out over some water and one men has yellow handset on his ears .	The male listening to music is listening to Kanye West .
neutral	Two males wearing red blazers are quest out over some water and one men has yellow earphones on his ears .	The mens listening to music is listening to Kanye West .
neutral	A persons standing next to an age dark building .	A male standing next to a run down building .
neutral	A person standing next to an antique dark building .	A man standing next to a run down building .
neutral	A individuals standing next to an aged dark building .	A male standing next to a run down building .
neutral	Two masculine are wearing ceiling are searches at the ground with surprised expressions on their confront .	Two males are mud wrestling .
neutral	Two males are wearing caps are quest at the ground with surprised expressions on their confront .	Two masculine are mud wrestling .
neutral	Two masculine are wearing chap are looking at the ground with surprised expressions on their confront .	Two male are clay wrestling .
neutral	Two masculine are wearing ceiling are searching at the ground with surprised expressions on their confront .	Two mens are surprised by the skunk near them .
neutral	Two males are wearing chap are searching at the ground with surprised expressions on their confront .	Two man are surprised by the skunk near them .
neutral	Two males are wearing cap are quest at the ground with surprised expressions on their faces .	Two males are surprised by the skunk near them .
neutral	A underage enjoying themselves on a yellow slide at a park .	Children enjoy the last few moments in a park avant a rainstorm .
neutral	A adolescents enjoying themselves on a yellow slide at a park .	Children enjoy the last few moments in a park avant a rainstorm .
neutral	A teenagers enjoying themselves on a yellow slide at a park .	Children enjoy the last few moments in a park avant a rainstorm .
neutral	A person stands between two giant statues that look like confront .	An older masculine is standing between two giant statues that look like Tom Hank 's and Will Smith 's confronts .
neutral	A persons stands between two giant statues that look like faces .	An aging men is standing between two giant statues that look like Tom Hank 's and Will Smith 's confronts .
neutral	A individuals stands between two giant statues that look like confronts .	An elders male is standing between two giant statues that look like Tom Hank 's and Will Smith 's confront .
neutral	Two daughters wearing hats are running through snow drifts outdoor .	two white girls running
neutral	Two daughters wearing hats are running through snow drifts exterior .	two white girl running
neutral	Two daughters wearing hats are running through snowy drifts outboard .	two white girls running
neutral	Two youth children daughter hiking through the snowy on a chilly winter day .	Two daughters with blonde hairstyle are hiking .
neutral	Two teenaged teen daughters hiking through the snow on a cold winter day .	Two girl with blonde hair are hiking .
neutral	Two miner juvenile girls hiking through the snowy on a frigid winter day .	Two girl with blonde hairstyle are hiking .
neutral	A bearded masculine jumps in the snow with the oceanic in the background and an orange , recumbent motorcycles parked near a routes sign .	A tall human jumping .
neutral	A bearded males jumps in the snow with the marine in the background and an orange , recumbent bicycling parked near a routes sign .	A tall humanity jumping .
neutral	A bearded males jumps in the snow with the marina in the background and an orange , recumbent mopeds parked near a route sign .	A tall human jumping .
neutral	A performance grouping is staged in one joint motion .	The performance grouping is dances .
neutral	A performance panels is staged in one communal motion .	The performance panel is dancing .
neutral	A performance panel is staged in one joint motion .	The performance grouping is dances .
neutral	Two teen wearing hooded tops laughing with each other .	children pranking each other
neutral	Two underage wearing hooded tops laugh with each other .	children pranking each other
neutral	Two juvenile wearing hooded tops laugh with each other .	children pranking each other
neutral	A toddler is sitting at the bottom of a slide and smiling .	A toddler is sitting at the bottom of a plastic slide and smiling .
neutral	A toddler is sitting at the bottom of a slide and smiling .	A toddler is sitting at the bottom of a plastic slide and smiling .
neutral	A toddler is sitting at the bottom of a slide and smiling .	A toddler is sitting at the bottom of a plastic slide and smiling .
neutral	Four child are playing in some water .	The adolescents are muddy .
neutral	Four teenagers are play in some water .	The youthful are muddy .
neutral	Four underage are play in some water .	The young are muddy .
neutral	A minor boy is following through on a kick during a soccer games , while two players on the opposed team challenge .	The teams hating eachother .
neutral	A adolescent boy is following through on a kick during a soccer game , while two gamers on the oppose team challenge .	The teams hating eachother .
neutral	A teen boy is following through on a kick during a soccer games , while two players on the opposing team challenge .	The teams hate eachother .
neutral	Man taking photographic of seagulls over the marines .	He is at the beach .
neutral	Man taking photograph of seagulls over the marine .	He is at the beach .
neutral	Man taking photography of seagulls over the maritime .	He is at the beach .
neutral	Man taking picture of seagulls over the naval .	It is sunny .
neutral	Man taking photographic of seagulls over the marines .	It is sunny .
neutral	Man taking photographic of seagulls over the oceans .	It is sunny .
neutral	Two men scrimmage in soccer , as a umpire looks on .	the ref is watching the two males play soccer avant he goes home
neutral	Two men scrimmage in soccer , as a referees looks on .	the ref is watching the two males playing soccer prior he goes home
neutral	Two man scrimmage in soccer , as a umpire looks on .	the ref is watching the two mens playing soccer prior he goes home
neutral	At an outboard event on a overwhelming table , different workers form an assembly line in which they prepare food , with many squeeze bottles and dispensers visible and a females wearing plastic gloves in the foreground .	Workers preparing for a chile cook-off .
neutral	At an exterior event on a overwhelming tables , assorted workers form an assembly line in which they prepare food , with assorted squeeze bottles and dispensers visible and a female wearing plastic gloves in the foreground .	Workers preparing for a chili cook-off .
neutral	At an outdoor event on a mammoth table , various workers form an assembly line in which they prepare food , with varying squeeze bottles and dispensers visible and a women wearing plastic gloves in the foreground .	Workers preparing for a chile cook-off .
neutral	A males in a scotch shirt and brown trousers is sitting on the sidewalk in front of some blankets while people walk by .	A male is sitting on the pavement , wait for his girlfriend to show up .
neutral	A masculine in a scottish shirt and brown breeches is sitting on the sidewalk in front of some blankets while people walk by .	A male is sitting on the sidewalk , wait for his girlfriend to show up .
neutral	A male in a scotch shirt and brown panties is sitting on the pavement in front of some blankets while people walk by .	A males is sitting on the sidewalk , waiting for his girlfriend to show up .
neutral	A mens in a scotland shirt and brown underpants is sitting on the sidewalk in front of some blankets while people walk by .	A male is exterior .
neutral	A men in a whisky shirt and brown underclothes is sitting on the sidewalk in front of some blankets while people walk by .	A masculine is outdoor .
neutral	A mens in a scotland shirt and brown underpants is sitting on the sidewalk in front of some blankets while people walk by .	A men is outside .
neutral	A grouping of three people are digs a immense trench in a yard while another persons walks close by .	There is treasure in the trench .
neutral	A grouping of three people are dig a hefty trench in a yard while another individuals walks close by .	There is treasure in the trench .
neutral	A panel of three people are digging a monumental trench in a yard while another person walks close by .	There is treasure in the trench .
neutral	a breakdancer men is performing for the adolescence at school	A males is performing for teenage for fun
neutral	a breakdancer men is performing for the young at school	A male is performing for teenagers for fun
neutral	a breakdancer man is performing for the youngsters at school	A mens is performing for underage for fun
neutral	A youth female talks on the cellphones and carries her knapsack while walking past some hats on display .	A women has been shopping .
neutral	A kids woman talks on the cellphones and carries her rucksack while walking past some hats on display .	A women has been shopping .
neutral	A youth female talks on the phone and carries her handbag while walking past some hats on display .	A woman has been shopping .
neutral	A adolescent woman talks on the cellphones and carries her handbag while walking past some hats on display .	A female walks through a boutique conversations on her telephones .
neutral	A teenaged woman talks on the cellphones and carries her purses while walking past some hats on display .	A woman walks through a boutique discussions on her telephone .
neutral	A kid females talks on the telephones and carries her wallets while walking past some hats on display .	A female walks through a boutique conversations on her cellphones .
neutral	A adolescents doing gymnastics	A underage is doing gymnastics in front of a crowd .
neutral	A youths doing gymnastics	A juvenile is doing gymnastics in front of a crowd .
neutral	A child doing gymnastics	A teens is doing gymnastic in front of a crowd .
neutral	A children daughters is play a musical instrument and sung into a microphone .	A petite daughters belts one out while playing the violin .
neutral	A youths girls is playing a musical instrument and singing into a microphone .	A petite daughters belts one out while play the violin .
neutral	A miners girls is play a musical instrument and sing into a mics .	A little daughter belts one out while playing the violin .
neutral	A boy spin on a blue and yellow merry-go-round .	The boy is wearing black .
neutral	A boy spinning on a blue and yellow merry-go-round .	The boy is wearing negro .
neutral	A boy spinning on a blue and yellow merry-go-round .	The boy is wearing black .
neutral	This female is setting out a vegetable collected for sale in the market .	A female sells vegetables for additional finance .
neutral	This females is setting out a vegetable collections for sell in the market .	A female sell vegetables for additional financial .
neutral	This female is setting out a vegetable collect for sell in the markets .	A woman sells vegetables for additional funding .
neutral	A couple of female are conversations to each other while one is flicking her cigarette .	The other likes to smoke as well .
neutral	A couple of woman are conversation to each other while one is flicking her cigarette .	The other likes to smoke as well .
neutral	A couple of females are conversation to each other while one is flicking her cigarette .	The other likes to smoking as well .
neutral	A surfing is riding a wave in a enormous organ of water .	This is his first wave of the day .
neutral	A surf is riding a wave in a hefty bodies of water .	This is his first wave of the day .
neutral	A surf is riding a wave in a immense organs of water .	This is his first wave of the day .
neutral	A surf on a wave .	A surfing compete at a competitions .
neutral	A surf on a wave .	A surf compete at a rivalry .
neutral	A surfer on a wave .	A surfing compete at a competition .
neutral	Four kid girls play in the water .	Four girl are swimming .
neutral	Four juveniles girl playing in the water .	Four daughter are swimming .
neutral	Four youthful daughter play in the water .	Four girl are swimming .
neutral	A men in spectacles in a basement .	The male is searching for something in the cellar .
neutral	A man in glasses in a cellar .	The mens is searches for something in the cellar .
neutral	A masculine in glasses in a basement .	The men is searches for something in the cellar .
neutral	A children masculine wearing khaki panties and a audit shirt is jumping over enormous rocks with green mountains and a lagoon in the background .	A men is jumping over rocks in orders to escape being attacked by a feral boar .
neutral	A smaller man wearing khaki underpants and a audit shirt is jumping over gigantic rocks with green mountains and a lagoon in the background .	A males is jumping over rocks in order to escape being attacked by a feral boar .
neutral	A miners male wearing khaki undergarments and a check shirt is jumping over immense rocks with green mountains and a lagoon in the background .	A man is jumping over rocks in orders to escape being attacked by a feral boar .
neutral	A teenaged males wearing khaki underpants and a checks shirt is jumping over vast rocks with green mountains and a lagoon in the background .	A man is jumping over some rocks in order to grow his physical endurance .
neutral	A youngsters males wearing khaki breeches and a checked shirt is jumping over massive rocks with green mountains and a lagoon in the background .	A man is jumping over some rocks in ordering to increase his physical stamina .
neutral	A adolescent man wearing khaki underclothes and a checking shirt is jumping over huge rocks with green mountains and a lagoon in the background .	A man is jumping over some rocks in orders to grows his physical endurance .
neutral	A woman sweeping in front of a ladder on a busy street .	An staffs keeps a storefront searches tidy
neutral	A woman sweep in front of a ladder on a busy street .	An personnel keeps a storefront looking tidy
neutral	A woman sweep in front of a ladder on a busy street .	An staffs keeps a storefront searches tidy
neutral	A adolescent daughters running on grass	The kid daughter runs to join her classmates at the ends of the playtime period .
neutral	A adolescent girls running on grass	The youngsters girls runs to join her classmates at the ends of the playtime period .
neutral	A underage daughters running on grass	The teenage daughters runs to join her classmates at the end of the playtime timetable .
neutral	A balding masculine with eyeglasses stands in front of a colorful display .	A mens admires a display that he likes .
neutral	A balding men with sunglasses stands in front of a colorful display .	A mens admires a display that he likes .
neutral	A balding male with glasses stands in front of a colorful display .	A males admires a display that he likes .
neutral	pedestrian walking on the street	A person crossing a busy street intersection .
neutral	pedestrian walking on the street	A persons crossing a busy street intersection .
neutral	pedestrian walking on the street	A persons crossing a busy street junction .
neutral	One man clocks while another breakdances , balance himself for a moment on one hand .	A masculine practices for the 80s party .
neutral	One males clocks while another breakdances , balance itself for a moment on one hand .	A masculine practices for the 80s party .
neutral	One men watches while another breakdances , balance itself for a moment on one hand .	A males practices for the 80s parties .
neutral	People order and picking up food at a restaurant window .	These people are hungry .
neutral	People orders and picking up food at a restaurant window .	These people are hungry .
neutral	People order and picking up food at a restaurant window .	These people are hungry .
neutral	A soccer team is standing on the field wait for their times to make a move .	People are playing soccer in the rain .
neutral	A soccer team is standing on the field wait for their times to make a move .	People are play soccer in the rain .
neutral	A soccer team is standing on the field wait for their deadline to make a move .	People are play soccer in the rain .
neutral	Several males assist each other pull in a fishing net .	There is a groups of masculine .
neutral	Several men helped each other pull in a fishing netted .	There is a group of man .
neutral	Several males aiding each other pull in a fishing net .	There is a groups of male .
neutral	The mens in the black t-shirt is trying to throw something .	The men is throwing something to his sons .
neutral	The men in the negro t-shirt is trying to throw something .	The mens is throwing something to his son .
neutral	The males in the negro t-shirt is trying to throw something .	The men is throwing something to his son .
neutral	The collie is standing outdoors on a sandy zone .	The collie is at a beach .
neutral	The collie is standing outdoors on a sandy area .	The collie is at a beach .
neutral	The collie is standing outdoors on a sandy spheres .	The collie is at a beach .
neutral	a dog jumps over the poles .	Dog is participating in a competitions , showing his agility training .
neutral	a dog jumps over the poles .	Dog is participating in a contest , showing his agility training .
neutral	a dog jumps over the poles .	Dog is participating in a rivalry , showing his agility training .
neutral	baseball player clothed in blue with a red helmet at home plate in front of a catcher and referee swinging a bat	A baseball player hit a homerun .
neutral	baseball player clothed in blue with a red helmet at home plate in front of a catcher and umpire swinging a bat	A baseball player hit a homerun .
neutral	baseball player attired in blue with a red helmet at home plate in front of a catcher and umpire swinging a bat	A baseball player hit a homerun .
neutral	One teenager boy in a yellow long-sleeved shirt and jeans sitting down , with five grownup in front of him , one operating a videotapes camera .	Someone registration a minors boy as he auditions for a part in a film .
neutral	One youths boy in a yellow long-sleeved shirt and jeans sitting down , with fifth grownup in front of him , one operating a tapes camera .	Someone recordings a teenaged boy as he tryouts for a portion in a movie .
neutral	One juveniles boy in a yellow long-sleeved shirt and jeans sitting down , with fifth grownups in front of him , one operating a videotapes camera .	Someone recording a miners boy as he hearing for a part in a cinema .
neutral	A toddler sits on a stone wall surrounded by fallen leaves .	A miners sits on a wall writing a story of falling leaves
neutral	A toddler sits on a stone wall surrounded by fallen leaves .	A underage sits on a wall writing a stories of falling leaves
neutral	A toddler sits on a stone wall surrounded by fallen leaves .	A juvenile sits on a wall write a tales of falling leaves
neutral	A masculine performer sings and plays the guitar in front of a mics .	A guy is performing at a recital .
neutral	A masculine performer sung and plays the guitar in front of a mics .	A guy is performing at a recital .
neutral	A men performer sung and plays the guitar in front of a microphone .	A guy is performing at a recital .
neutral	A man with mid length curly hair , wearing a button down shirt and bracelets , sing into a mics while he plays a guitar .	A tall persons with hair
neutral	A male with middle length curly hairstyle , wearing a button down shirt and bracelets , sings into a mics while he plays a guitar .	A tall individuals with hair
neutral	A masculine with middle length curly hairdo , wearing a button down shirt and bracelets , sung into a microphone while he plays a guitar .	A tall individuals with hair
neutral	A males in a black coat and hat and a female in a blue coat with pink hat snowshoeing on the side of a route with a stoplight in the background .	The man and females are search for assistance after being snowed in by a blizzard .
neutral	A man in a black coat and hat and a women in a blue coat with pink hat snowshoeing on the side of a road with a stoplight in the background .	The masculine and woman are search for helping after being snowed in by a snowstorm .
neutral	A man in a black coat and hat and a women in a blue coat with pink hat snowshoeing on the side of a pathway with a stoplight in the background .	The male and woman are search for assists after being snowed in by a snowstorm .
neutral	A four piece bands plays a song on a medium-size stage .	The band is playing punk rock music .
neutral	A four piece band plays a song on a medium-size stages .	The bands is play punk rock music .
neutral	A four piece band plays a song on a medium-size stages .	The band is playing punk rock music .
neutral	Two males in costumes with fake carrot noses , top hats , eyeglasses and white fur coats that contain white electric lights .	Tall people in costumes
neutral	Two man in costumes with fake carrot noses , top hats , sunglasses and white fur coats that contain white electricity lighting .	Tall people in costumes
neutral	Two man in costumes with fake carrot noses , top hats , sunglasses and white fur coats that contain white electrified lighting .	Tall people in costumes
neutral	Three males drink at a reflective bar .	Three man are socializing during happy hour .
neutral	Three males drink at a reflective bar .	Three mens are socializing during happy hour .
neutral	Three men drink at a reflective bar .	Three masculine are socializing during happy hour .
neutral	Three man drank at a reflective bar .	Men are drinking alcohol at a bar .
neutral	Three man drank at a reflective bar .	Men are drinking alcohol at a bar .
neutral	Three males drink at a reflective bar .	Men are drinking alcohol at a bar .
neutral	Two masculine are clothed up as snowmen .	two youths man are clothed up
neutral	Two masculine are clothed up as snowmen .	two youthful man are clothed up
neutral	Two masculine are dressed up as snowmen .	two youths masculine are attired up
neutral	Person fishing in river .	They have a fishing pole
neutral	Person fishing in river .	They have a fishing pole
neutral	Person fishing in river .	They have a fishing pole
neutral	A men in orange and a masculine in a light blue top are walking down the street toward something .	Two male are headed to baseball practice
neutral	A male in orange and a men in a light blue top are walking down the street towards something .	Two man are headed to baseball practice
neutral	A masculine in orange and a mens in a light blue top are walking down the street towards something .	Two men are headed to baseball practice
neutral	Boys with their backs against an inbound wave .	A group of people play in the marine .
neutral	Boys with their backs against an incoming wave .	A panels of people play in the ocean .
neutral	Boys with their backs against an inward wave .	A panels of people playing in the marina .
neutral	A grouping of people taking photography on a walkway in front of a gigantic organ of water .	A panels poses on vacation at the naval .
neutral	A panel of people taking photographer on a walkway in front of a mammoth bodies of water .	A panel poses on vacation at the oceanic .
neutral	A panel of people taking photos on a walkway in front of a large organ of water .	A groups poses on vacation at the ocean .
neutral	A huge dog catches a ball on his nose	A dog is play with his owner
neutral	A mammoth dog catches a ball on his nose	A dog is playing with his owner
neutral	A immense dog catches a ball on his nose	A dog is play with his owner
neutral	A huge dog catches a ball on his nose	A enormous dog is sitting down while trying to catch a ball
neutral	A vast dog catches a ball on his nose	A enormous dog is sitting down while trying to catch a ball
neutral	A vast dog catches a ball on his nose	A jumbo dog is sitting down while trying to catch a ball
neutral	Two females kneeling and a mens sting in a chair looking towards a masculine in gowns on an altar .	The males is a Catholic preacher .
neutral	Two woman kneeling and a male sting in a chair search towards a male in gowns on an altar .	The man is a Catholic preacher .
neutral	Two female kneeling and a man sting in a chairs quest toward a male in gowns on an altar .	The man is a Catholic preacher .
neutral	A wet black labs with a red collar is standing in the water .	A black laboratory waits for its holders to throw a ball into the water .
neutral	A wet negro laboratory with a red collar is standing in the water .	A black darkroom waits for its holders to throw a ball into the water .
neutral	A wet negro lab with a red collar is standing in the water .	A negro labs waits for its owners to throw a ball into the water .
neutral	a juvenile laying down with paper craftsmen strewn approximately the floor	The teenagers has a messy pink chamber .
neutral	a youths laying down with paper crafts strewn approximately the floor	The minors has a messy pink bedroom .
neutral	a underage laying down with paper artisans strewn approximately the floor	The adolescents has a messy pink chamber .
neutral	a youthful boy in green play ping-pong with a old man in blue in a gymnasium	The males is teaching the boy to play .
neutral	a juveniles boy in green playing ping-pong with a elder masculine in blue in a gymnasium	The mens is teaching the boy to playing .
neutral	a juveniles boy in green play ping-pong with a archaic man in blue in a gymnasium	The male is teaching the boy to play .
neutral	Boys with their backs against an inbound wave .	A group of people sit on the beach .
neutral	Boys with their backs against an incoming wave .	A panels of people sit on the beach .
neutral	Boys with their backs against an inbound wave .	A panels of people sit on the beach .
neutral	Man with an orange bandanna is playing the flute .	Sad Man with an orange bandanna is play the flute .
neutral	Man with an orange bandanna is play the flute .	Sad Man with an orange bandanna is play the flute .
neutral	Man with an orange bandanna is playing the flute .	Sad Man with an orange bandanna is play the flute .
neutral	A performer plays an instrument for the audience .	The performer is making music .
neutral	A performer plays an instrument for the audience .	The performer is making music .
neutral	A performer plays an instrument for the audience .	The performer is making music .
neutral	A performer plays an instrument for the audience .	The performer has a flute .
neutral	A performer plays an instrument for the audience .	The performer has a flute .
neutral	A performer plays an instrument for the audience .	The performer has a flute .
neutral	Two people in coats kiss on the side of a pathway .	A recently engaged couple embrace on the street .
neutral	Two people in coats kiss on the side of a paths .	A recently engaged couple embrace on the street .
neutral	Two people in coats kissing on the side of a pathway .	A recently engaged couple embrace on the street .
neutral	A persons in a red and tan coat is snowboard off a hill of snow .	A daughter rides a snowboard .
neutral	A person in a red and tan coat is snowboard off a hill of snowy .	A daughters rides a snowboard .
neutral	A individuals in a red and tan coat is snowboard off a hill of snowy .	A daughters rides a snowboarding .
neutral	A light technology men with tribes tattoos aiming a spotlight over a balcony .	A person is working at a theaters .
neutral	A light technicians masculine with tribe tattoos aiming a spotlight over a balcony .	A person is working at a theater .
neutral	A light technological mens with tribal tattoos aiming a spotlight over a balcony .	A person is working at a theater .
neutral	A daughters bounces in a bounce homes .	A girls is bouncing alongside with another girl .
neutral	A daughter bounces in a bounce house .	A daughter is bouncing alongside with another girl .
neutral	A girl bounces in a bounce homes .	A girls is bouncing alongside with another girl .
neutral	A daughters bounces in a bounce housing .	A girls is bouncing around at a friend birthday parties .
neutral	A daughter bounces in a bounce homes .	A daughters is bouncing around at a friend birthday parties .
neutral	A daughters bounces in a bounce dwelling .	A daughters is bouncing around at a friend birthday party .
neutral	A woman standing with smile on her face and she is holding a wood in her hand	A females stands while smiling with woods that was just handed to her .
neutral	A female standing with smile on her face and she is holding a woods in her hand	A women stands while smiling with wood that was just handed to her .
neutral	A woman standing with smile on her face and she is holding a woods in her hand	A female stands while smiling with timber that was just handed to her .
neutral	A teens boy hanging on a poles smiling at the camera .	The adolescents boy is hispanic .
neutral	A teenager boy hanging on a poles smiling at the camera .	The teens boy is hispanic .
neutral	A teens boy hanging on a poles smiling at the camera .	The miner boy is hispanic .
neutral	Two female and a masculine are sitting down eating and drinking assorted items .	A group of coworkers are eating lunch together .
neutral	Two female and a man are sitting down eating and drinking several items .	A grouping of colleagues are eating lunch together .
neutral	Two females and a masculine are sitting down eating and drinking assorted item .	A grouping of coworkers are eating lunch together .
neutral	A football layer wearing a red shirt .	A built mens wearing a tshirt .
neutral	A football layer wearing a red shirt .	A built men wearing a tshirt .
neutral	A football layer wearing a red shirt .	A built mens wearing a tshirt .
neutral	Six women waiting to use a port-o-john in a field .	Friends are waiting together .
neutral	Six woman wait to use a port-o-john in a field .	Friends are wait together .
neutral	Six females waiting to use a port-o-john in a field .	Friends are waiting together .
neutral	A smaller african youthful in a dirty yellow shirt carrying a purse on his head .	A children African kids carry a sac on his had while working for his fathers in a local village .
neutral	A youngsters african teenage in a dirty yellow shirt carry a backpack on his head .	A teens African youths carry a purse on his had while working for his father in a local village .
neutral	A miner africans miner in a dirty yellow shirt carry a sac on his head .	A underage African smaller carrying a rucksack on his had while working for his father in a local village .
neutral	A females , standing behind a girl , help the girls with an experiment .	A mothers is helps her underage finishing the experiment .
neutral	A female , standing behind a girls , helped the daughters with an experimental .	A mom is helping her teenaged finish the experimenting .
neutral	A women , standing behind a girl , aided the daughters with an experimental .	A mommy is aid her adolescence completes the experimenting .
neutral	The celebrations of the Latin celebration has brought many visitors and enthusiastic , colorful , performers to the town .	Many visitors have fun at the Latin celebration .
neutral	The celebrations of the Latin celebration has brought myriad visitors and enthusiastic , colorful , performers to the city .	Many visitors have fun at the Latin celebration .
neutral	The festivities of the Latin celebration has brought varied visitors and enthusiastic , colorful , performers to the town .	Many visitors have fun at the Latin celebration .
neutral	A petite girls with braids blowing bubbles .	A kid daughters enjoys her day outdoor .
neutral	A petite girls with braids blowing bubbles .	A teens girls enjoys her day outboard .
neutral	A petite daughter with braids blowing bubbles .	A youth girls enjoys her day exterior .
neutral	A smiling bride sits in a swing with her smiling groom standing behind her posing for the masculine images while a boy holding a bottled drank and another boy wearing a green shirt observe .	Bride and groom get marrying photographs taken while their adolescents look on .
neutral	A smiling bride sits in a swing with her smiling groom standing behind her posing for the male photo while a boy holding a bottled drink and another boy wearing a green shirt observe .	Bride and groom get matrimony images taken while their child look on .
neutral	A smiling bride sits in a swing with her smiling groom standing behind her posing for the man photographic while a boy holding a bottled drank and another boy wearing a green shirt observe .	Bride and groom get married photographed taken while their minor look on .
neutral	Man sitting playing guitar .	A men is sitting by a campfire , playing guitar and sung .
neutral	Man sitting play guitar .	A mens is sitting by a campfire , play guitar and singing .
neutral	Man sitting play guitar .	A man is sitting by a bonfire , play guitar and sung .
neutral	A woman wearing dollar sign glasses , holding a dollar bill , stands with a luggage that says `` Lucky '' that is overflowing with financial .	She is dressed up for a commercial shoot
neutral	A women wearing dollar sign eyeglasses , holding a dollar bill , stands with a baggage that says `` Lucky '' that is overflowing with funds .	She is attired up for a commercial shoot
neutral	A woman wearing dollar sign sunglasses , holding a dollar bill , stands with a baggage that says `` Lucky '' that is overflowing with monetary .	She is attired up for a commercial shoot
neutral	A males speaking with two woman .	A men is giving two women directions at work .
neutral	A mens speaking with two woman .	A mens is giving two women directions at work .
neutral	A man speaking with two women .	A mens is giving two female directions at work .
neutral	An old women is holding a small child .	a females holding her grandchild
neutral	An senior women is holding a small youngsters .	a woman holding her grandchild
neutral	An aging female is holding a little juvenile .	a women holding her grandchild
neutral	A blond boy stands among people in a shady setting with a jumbo snake wrapped around his torso .	A mens performer is showcasting his snake for tips .
neutral	A blond boy stands among people in a shady setting with a enormous snake wrapped around his torso .	A male performer is showcasting his snake for counselors .
neutral	A blond boy stands among people in a shady setting with a jumbo snake wrapped around his torso .	A mens performer is showcasting his snake for tips .
neutral	A minors wearing a brown coat , red hat and snowy boots on top of a snow pile near a tree on the nook of a street junction .	A small boy thowing a snowball from the top of a snow piling .
neutral	A teenagers wearing a brown coat , red hat and snowy boots on top of a snow piling near a trees on the nook of a street intersection .	A petite boy thowing a snowball from the top of a snowy piling .
neutral	A teenaged wearing a brown coat , red hat and snow boots on top of a snowy piling near a tree on the nook of a street crossroads .	A little boy thowing a snowball from the top of a snowy piling .
neutral	A little panels of people waiting to board an MTA bus .	A little group of people waiting to board a bus on a town street .
neutral	A petite groups of people waiting to board an MTA bus .	A little panel of people wait to board a bus on a city street .
neutral	A small panels of people waiting to board an MTA bus .	A petite groups of people wait to board a bus on a city street .
neutral	A lady is helps another women work in a silver compartment , which is most likely related to nurse-work .	Two females are trying to complete ordering from a doctor
neutral	A dame is helping another women work in a silver compartment , which is most likely linked to nurse-work .	Two women are trying to complete orders from a doctor
neutral	A lady is helped another females work in a silver compartment , which is most likely related to nurse-work .	Two women are trying to finishing orders from a doctor
neutral	A females talks on a laptops while sitting in front of blue railings that are in front of the nautical .	She talks to her boyfriend roughly plan that night
neutral	A female talks on a notepad while sitting in front of blue railings that are in front of the marina .	She talks to her boyfriend about plan that night
neutral	A women talks on a notebook while sitting in front of blue railings that are in front of the marina .	She talks to her boyfriend about plan that night
neutral	A youngsters male sitting in front of a computers monitor	Someone is doing their homework .
neutral	A miner males sitting in front of a computers monitor	Someone is doing their homework .
neutral	A adolescents male sitting in front of a computer monitor	Someone is doing their homework .
neutral	One men , wearing a blue jacket , is kicking another male , wearing a red jacket .	Two male are combat outside a bar .
neutral	One man , wearing a blue jacket , is kicking another masculine , wearing a red jacket .	Two masculine are struggles outside a bar .
neutral	One male , wearing a blue jacket , is kicking another men , wearing a red jacket .	Two man are tussle outer a bar .
neutral	Two distinguished aged gentlemen stand outside a dwelling , trees in background , both with white hair , the taller masculine having his arm roughly the other mens 's shoulder as they face the camera from behind their corrective lens .	The seniors men are colleagues .
neutral	Two distinguished old gentleman stand outboard a dwelling , tree in background , both with white hairstyle , the taller masculine having his arm about the other man 's shoulder as they face the camera from behind their corrective lens .	The elders male are coworkers .
neutral	Two distinguished senior gentlemen stand outside a houses , tree in background , both with white hairstyle , the taller males having his arm approximately the other male 's shoulder as they face the camera from behind their corrective lenses .	The old masculine are colleagues .
neutral	A tall elderly masculine is standing with his hand around another shorter senior man in the middle of the city	they are posing
neutral	A tall elder masculine is standing with his hand around another shorter ancient masculine in the mid of the city	they are posing
neutral	A tall elders masculine is standing with his hand around another shorter old male in the middle of the city	they are posing
neutral	A males with a cigarette sits on the stoop .	A mens rolls a cigarette and lights it .
neutral	A male with a cigarette sits on the stoop .	A man rolls a cigarette and lighting it .
neutral	A male with a cigarette sits on the stoop .	A men rolls a cigarette and lighting it .
neutral	A males with a cigarette sits on the stoop .	An aged males is smoker a cigar .
neutral	A men with a cigarette sits on the stoop .	An ancient masculine is smoking a cigar .
neutral	A mens with a cigarette sits on the stoop .	An antiquated males is smokers a cigar .
neutral	An aging males with glasses , a red ball caps and bags is standing in front of an opened doorway .	the males is a farmer
neutral	An elderly male with sunglasses , a red ball chap and handbags is standing in front of an open doorway .	the mens is a farmer
neutral	An antique masculine with spectacles , a red ball caps and satchel is standing in front of an opening doorway .	the man is a farmer
neutral	A massive group of people populate a dimly lighted room .	A groups of people are partying in the immense rooms .
neutral	A jumbo group of people populate a dimly lit room .	A panels of people are partying in the monumental room .
neutral	A hefty panels of people populate a dimly lit room .	A panels of people are partying in the gigantic rooms .
neutral	A adolescents men in an orange hat walks his moped down a street .	A masculine broke his newest bicycles .
neutral	A children male in an orange hat walks his motorbikes down a street .	A male broke his newer bikes .
neutral	A kid man in an orange hat walks his motorbike down a street .	A man broke his newer mopeds .
neutral	Many people gathered in a room with various people on stage with instruments and the words `` The Early November '' on the wall .	Parents gathers for a local high school concert
neutral	Many people gathered in a room with varied people on stages with instruments and the words `` The Early November '' on the wall .	Parents gathers for a local high school concert
neutral	Many people gathered in a room with numerous people on stages with instruments and the words `` The Early November '' on the wall .	Parents gathers for a local high school concert
neutral	A mens is tossing a knife in the air while another male stands vicinity .	A men prepares to show off his knife-wielding skills
neutral	A man is tossing a knife in the aerial while another mens stands nearby .	A males prepares to show off his knife-wielding skills
neutral	A males is tossing a knife in the airplanes while another mens stands vicinity .	A mens prepares to show off his knife-wielding skills
neutral	A male is tossing a knife in the aircraft while another masculine stands nearby .	A males prepares to throw a knife at his friend
neutral	A mens is tossing a knife in the airplane while another male stands nearby .	A males prepares to throw a knife at his friend
neutral	A male is tossing a knife in the airplane while another mens stands vicinity .	A man prepares to throw a knife at his friend
neutral	A women boats a poster mounted on the wall of a tunnel or hallway lit by overhead fluorescent illumination .	A female is lost and looks at directions mounted on the wall .
neutral	A woman shipping a placard mounted on the wall of a tunnel or hallway lit by overhead fluorescent illumination .	A female is lost and looks at directions mounted on the wall .
neutral	A females battleship a poster mounted on the wall of a tunnels or hallway lit by overhead fluorescent illumination .	A females is lost and looks at directions mounted on the wall .
neutral	A men is holding a mics in front of his mouth .	The male was roughly to inscription his music album .
neutral	A masculine is holding a microphone in front of his mouth .	The male was about to logging his music album .
neutral	A mens is holding a mics in front of his mouth .	The males was roughly to log his music album .
neutral	A photo is using a tripod to take a picture of a sunset .	The photographic is a professional .
neutral	A image is using a tripod to take a photograph of a sunset .	The photographs is a professional .
neutral	A image is using a tripod to take a images of a sunset .	The photographs is a professionals .
neutral	Child plays with pigeon in busy public spheres while group of people watch him play .	A teenager is pursues pigeons around .
neutral	Child plays with dove in busy public zone while panels of people watch him play .	A miner is pursues pigeons around .
neutral	Child plays with dove in busy public spheres while group of people watch him playing .	A teenagers is hunts pigeons around .
neutral	a skier is throwing up snow as he ski off piste .	A professional skier ski down a mountain .
neutral	a skier is throwing up snowy as he ski off piste .	A professional skier ski down a mountain .
neutral	a skier is throwing up snow as he ski off piste .	A professionals skier ski down a mountain .
neutral	A person in an orange jacket getting out of the rear of a Toyota SUV , parked in front of a view of the nautical and mountains .	The individuals is roughly to go hiking .
neutral	A person in an orange jacket getting out of the rear of a Toyota SUV , parked in front of a view of the maritime and mountains .	The persons is approximately to go hiking .
neutral	A persons in an orange jacket getting out of the rear of a Toyota SUV , parked in front of a view of the ocean and mountains .	The individuals is approximately to go hiking .
neutral	A shirtless men with red paintings on his chest holding a stick .	A rabid sportsmen fan cheering for his team .
neutral	A shirtless masculine with red paint on his torso holding a stick .	A rabid athlete fan cheering for his team .
neutral	A shirtless man with red painted on his torso holding a stick .	A rabid sportsman fan cheers for his team .
neutral	A boy in a yellow shirt running by some birds .	The boy is moving very faster .
neutral	A boy in a yellow shirt running by some birds .	The boy is moving very rapidly .
neutral	A boy in a yellow shirt running by some birds .	The boy is moving very rapid .
neutral	A hockey player in helmet .	Players are wearing helmet .
neutral	A hockey player in helmet .	Players are wearing helmet .
neutral	A hockey player in helmet .	Players are wearing helmet .
neutral	A youthful boy looks on as a man performs the guitar on the street while sitting on a bench .	The males performing is famous .
neutral	A teenage boy looks on as a mens performs the guitar on the street while sitting on a bench .	The masculine performing is famous .
neutral	A youths boy looks on as a mens performs the guitar on the street while sitting on a bench .	The men performing is famous .
neutral	A women in a black top and blue skirt is pushing a carriage or cart down a lengthy empty tree-lined road .	A dame is walking down a forest
neutral	A female in a negro top and blue skirt is pushing a carriage or cart down a lengthy empty tree-lined road .	A dame is walking down a forest
neutral	A woman in a black top and blue skirt is pushing a carriage or cart down a lengthy empty tree-lined path .	A dame is walking down a forest
neutral	A females in a black top and blue skirt is pushing a carriage or cart down a lengthy empty tree-lined pathway .	A woman is running with a stroller down a lot
neutral	A female in a negro top and blue skirt is pushing a carriage or cart down a lengthy hollow tree-lined pathway .	A women is running with a stroller down a lot
neutral	A females in a negro top and blue skirt is pushing a carriage or cart down a long hollow tree-lined routes .	A woman is running with a stroller down a lot
neutral	A mens is repair roof shingles .	A guy is fixing the roof and falls off .
neutral	A men is mend roof shingles .	A guy is fixing the roof and falls off .
neutral	A men is repairs roof shingles .	A guy is fixing the roof and falls off .
neutral	Two girl pose along a tree-lined paths and blow kisses towards the camera .	Two girls are doing the same pose .
neutral	Two daughter pose along a tree-lined routes and blow kisses toward the camera .	Two daughters are doing the identical pose .
neutral	Two girl pose along a tree-lined route and blow kisses toward the camera .	Two daughters are doing the identical pose .
neutral	Two racers races on bicycles .	Two people are racing in a tournament .
neutral	Two racers racing on cyclist .	Two people are races in a tournament .
neutral	Two racers errand on bicycle .	Two people are errand in a tournament .
neutral	Three man dance as a group of people watch .	three mens are a dancer
neutral	Three males dances as a group of people watch .	three males are a dancer
neutral	Three males dance as a grouping of people watch .	three men are a dancer
neutral	Three men dances as a group of people watch .	three men dance as a stage
neutral	Three men dancing as a panel of people watch .	three masculine dance as a stage
neutral	Three man dance as a groups of people watch .	three males dances as a stage
neutral	A hockey player in helmet .	They are playing hockey
neutral	A hockey player in helmet .	They are play hockey
neutral	A hockey player in helmet .	They are play hockey
neutral	A adolescents is thrown by a male in the swim pool .	A man was teaching his boy to swim .
neutral	A teen is thrown by a masculine in the swim pool .	A mens was teaching his boy to swimming .
neutral	A juveniles is thrown by a masculine in the swim pool .	A male was teaching his boy to swim .
neutral	A miner daughters with her bike .	The petite girls is going to ride her cyclist .
neutral	A teens girls with her bike .	The petite girl is going to ride her bike .
neutral	A adolescents girls with her cyclist .	The little girl is going to ride her bicycles .
neutral	A teenagers girl with her cycling .	A girl is wiating for someone to take her motorcycles .
neutral	A juvenile girls with her bike .	A daughter is wiating for someone to take her cycling .
neutral	A adolescence girls with her moped .	A daughter is wiating for someone to take her mopeds .
neutral	Two girls in a crowd are attired up , one as the cartoon character Wall-E .	Two girl cosplay at a convention .
neutral	Two girls in a crowd are attired up , one as the cartoon character Wall-E .	Two daughter cosplay at a convention .
neutral	Two daughter in a crowd are attired up , one as the cartoon character Wall-E .	Two daughter cosplay at a convention .
neutral	Two daughters in a crowd are attired up , one as the cartoon character Wall-E .	A few daughters cosplay at a local events .
neutral	Two girls in a crowd are dressed up , one as the cartoon character Wall-E .	A few girls cosplay at a local events .
neutral	Two daughter in a crowd are clothed up , one as the cartoon character Wall-E .	A few daughter cosplay at a local event .
neutral	Two girls in a crowd are clothed up , one as the cartoon character Wall-E .	Two girls attend a convention .
neutral	Two daughter in a crowd are dressed up , one as the cartoon character Wall-E .	Two daughter attend a convention .
neutral	Two girls in a crowd are attired up , one as the cartoon character Wall-E .	Two girl attend a convention .
neutral	An Asian woman in a purple shirt preparing a bowl of food for the cadet Asian boy sitting near buy , while an Asian man eats a roll and prepares to take some food up with his chopsticks .	A mothers is making food for her families .
neutral	An Asian woman in a purple shirt preparing a bowl of food for the younger Asian boy sitting near buy , while an Asian males eats a roll and prepares to take some food up with his chopsticks .	A mama is making food for her families .
neutral	An Asian women in a purple shirt preparing a bowl of food for the cadet Asian boy sitting near buy , while an Asian man eats a roll and prepares to take some food up with his chopsticks .	A mummy is making food for her families .
neutral	A petite boy in flannel pajama panties and an orange shirt is play the guitar on the couch .	The boy wants to be a professionals guitar player when he grow up
neutral	A small boy in flannel pajama breeches and an orange shirt is playing the guitar on the couch .	The boy wants to be a professional guitar player when he grow up
neutral	A small boy in flannel pajama pants and an orange shirt is play the guitar on the couch .	The boy wants to be a professionals guitar player when he grow up
neutral	two white dogs struggling with each other	The two dogs hate each other .
neutral	two white dogs battles with each other	The two dogs hates each other .
neutral	two white dogs fighting with each other	The two dogs hate each other .
neutral	Five youths blond and light brown-haired girl are sitting on the ground reading books together .	Five daughters taking turns reading loudly for a school assignment
neutral	Five youths blond and light brown-haired girl are sitting on the ground reading ledger together .	Five girl taking turns reading aloud for a school assignment
neutral	Five minors blond and light brown-haired daughters are sitting on the ground reading ledger together .	Five girls taking turns reading aloud for a school assignment
neutral	Man wearing blue bowing on floor in front of another males in blue bowing on floor with two other male wearing blue kneeling on same floor also .	A man is wearing a blue shirt .
neutral	Man wearing blue bowing on floor in front of another mens in blue bowing on floor with two other masculine wearing blue kneeling on same floor also .	A mens is wearing a blue shirt .
neutral	Man wearing blue bowing on floor in front of another masculine in blue bowing on floor with two other mens wearing blue kneeling on same floor also .	A man is wearing a blue shirt .
neutral	There is a individuals walking down a trees lined street with snowy scattered about .	There is a man walking down a tree lined street with snowy scattered approximately .
neutral	There is a individuals walking down a trees lined street with snow scattered roughly .	There is a masculine walking down a trees lined street with snow scattered approximately .
neutral	There is a individuals walking down a tree lined street with snow scattered approximately .	There is a masculine walking down a tree lined street with snowy scattered about .
neutral	2 people with backpacks are at a table with a woman with a beige blazer sitting behind it .	2 people are talking
neutral	2 people with backpacks are at a tables with a female with a beige blazer sitting behind it .	2 people are talking
neutral	2 people with backpacks are at a tables with a woman with a beige blazer sitting behind it .	2 people are talking
neutral	A men is doing a task by a organs of water on a farm .	The masculine is practise how to surfer .
neutral	A man is doing a task by a organs of water on a farm .	The mens is practicing how to surfer .
neutral	A masculine is doing a task by a body of water on a farm .	The man is practicing how to surf .
neutral	On the ground a boy in a red sweatshirt is leaning over holding a football and two other child .	Young boys running their plays at home before Saturdays jumbo peewee games .
neutral	On the ground a boy in a red sweatshirt is leaning over holding a football and two other kids .	Young boys running their plays at home avant Saturdays huge peewee games .
neutral	On the ground a boy in a red sweatshirt is leaning over holding a football and two other juveniles .	Young boys running their plays at home avant Saturdays massive peewee game .
neutral	On the ground a boy in a red sweatshirt is leaning over holding a football and two other teen .	Timmy hikes the ball as Joe calls the plays
neutral	On the ground a boy in a red sweatshirt is leaning over holding a football and two other adolescence .	Timmy hikes the ball as Joe calls the plays
neutral	On the ground a boy in a red sweatshirt is leaning over holding a football and two other teenagers .	Timmy hikes the ball as Joe calls the plays
neutral	Biker riding through the forestry .	Mountain motorcyclist competes in off-road race .
neutral	Biker riding through the forester .	Mountain biker competes in off-road race .
neutral	Biker riding through the forestry .	Mountain motorcyclist competes in off-road racing .
neutral	A female is holding a microphone in one hand and her mouth is open .	A women roughly to singing a song on stage
neutral	A females is holding a mics in one hand and her mouth is openings .	A females approximately to singing a song on stage
neutral	A female is holding a microphone in one hand and her mouth is opened .	A females about to sing a song on stage
neutral	Two girl jumping on a trampoline , one upright and the other landing on her back , in a backyard .	Two girls are playing a game on the trampoline .
neutral	Two girl jumping on a trampoline , one vertical and the other landing on her back , in a backyard .	Two daughter are playing a game on the trampoline .
neutral	Two daughters jumping on a trampoline , one upright and the other landing on her back , in a backyard .	Two girl are play a game on the trampoline .
neutral	A daughters is blowing a heavy bubble .	A girl is playing .
neutral	A daughter is blowing a heavy bubble .	A girl is playing .
neutral	A daughters is blowing a heavy bubble .	A daughter is play .
neutral	A female camera operator is captures some off-camera measurement .	A lady is spying on somebody else
neutral	A females camera operator is capturing some off-camera actions .	A dame is spies on somebody else
neutral	A female camera operator is capturing some off-camera measurements .	A dame is spy on somebody else
neutral	A male in a light brownish jacket , orange undershirt , blue jeans , and a black knapsack , who has different sticks of cotton candy .	A males at a fair is sold cotton candy to small teenagers .
neutral	A males in a light brownish jacket , orange undershirt , blue jeans , and a black knapsack , who has varied sticks of cotton candy .	A male at a fair is sale cotton candy to small teenagers .
neutral	A masculine in a light brownish jacket , orange undershirt , blue jeans , and a black backpack , who has varying sticks of cotton candy .	A mens at a fair is sold cotton candy to small kid .
neutral	Biker riding through the forester .	Mountain biker enjoying the local tracks .
neutral	Biker riding through the forests .	Mountain biker enjoying the local trails .
neutral	Biker riding through the forest .	Mountain motorcyclist enjoying the local trails .
neutral	Two negro guys , that are on contestants teams playing basketball .	Two professional athletes playing basketball .
neutral	Two negro guys , that are on contender teams playing basketball .	Two professionals athlete play basketball .
neutral	Two black guys , that are on rival teams playing basketball .	Two professionals sportsmen play basketball .
neutral	A motorboat in the distance on a lake as seen from another canoe .	A canoe has come untied from the dock and is drifting .
neutral	A skiff in the distance on a lake as seen from another motorboat .	A skiff has come untied from the wharf and is drifting .
neutral	A skiff in the distance on a lake as seen from another canoe .	A canoeing has come untied from the dock and is drifting .
neutral	A young boy is hugging a timber post .	A boy holds onto a post during a wind storm .
neutral	A minors boy is hugging a wood post .	A boy holds onto a post during a wind storm .
neutral	A smaller boy is hugging a woods post .	A boy holds onto a post during a wind storm .
neutral	A teenaged male in a blue T-shirt and sweatpants stands over a stove and looks at the camera while another juveniles mens stands behind him .	Two man are logging a cooks tutorial .
neutral	A youth males in a blue T-shirt and sweatpants stands over a stove and looks at the camera while another child mens stands behind him .	Two men are registration a cook tutorial .
neutral	A teenage man in a blue T-shirt and sweatpants stands over a stove and looks at the camera while another teenaged males stands behind him .	Two masculine are recorded a cooks tutorial .
neutral	4 young and 1 grownup look at an armadillo on a grassy hill with 2 tree .	A family visits the animal .
neutral	4 teenager and 1 grownups look at an armadillo on a grassy hill with 2 tree .	A families visits the animal .
neutral	4 minor and 1 adult look at an armadillo on a grassy hill with 2 tree .	A families visits the animal .
neutral	A teenaged with a yellow shirt riding a yellow bicycle in a town .	A teenaged riding his bikes home .
neutral	A youth with a yellow shirt riding a yellow mopeds in a town .	A kid riding his motorcycle home .
neutral	A miners with a yellow shirt riding a yellow cycle in a town .	A adolescent riding his motorbike home .
neutral	a small boy is riding a yellow bike across a town square .	the boy is having fun .
neutral	a little boy is riding a yellow bicycles across a city square .	the boy is having fun .
neutral	a small boy is riding a yellow moped across a town squares .	the boy is having fun .
neutral	Two auto are being driven in a cars racing .	A Bugatti and a Lambourgini compete in a route race .
neutral	Two auto are being driven in a vehicular racing .	A Bugatti and a Lambourgini competing in a routes errand .
neutral	Two automobiles are being driven in a vehicular racing .	A Bugatti and a Lambourgini competing in a road race .
neutral	Bicycles are littering the path as boy pull door .	A boy tries to opening the gate to his flat near where other apartment dwellers park their motorcycles .
neutral	Bicycles are littering the route as boy pull gate .	A boy tries to opened the gate to his flat near where other apartment dwellers park their bicycle .
neutral	Bicycles are littering the routing as boy pull gate .	A boy tries to openings the gate to his apartment near where other apartment dwellers park their motorcycles .
neutral	An engineer with a blue jacket and chaps wears purple gloves while search up .	The engineer heard a noise .
neutral	An engineer with a blue jacket and ceiling wears purple gloves while searching up .	The engineer heard a noise .
neutral	An engineers with a blue jacket and chap wears purple gloves while searching up .	The engineer heard a noise .
neutral	A curly-haired men is conversations or possibly debate with a blond-haired men in front of a tables .	A men gets into an argument after his waiter makes a mistake on his orders .
neutral	A curly-haired men is talking or potentially debating with a blond-haired mens in front of a tables .	A man gets into an argument after his waiter makes a mistake on his order .
neutral	A curly-haired men is conversation or potentially debates with a blond-haired men in front of a table .	A mens gets into an argument after his waiter makes a mistake on his ordering .
neutral	couples enjoying a meal , while a bunch of dogs take a nap .	THE COUPLE ARE EATING STEAK
neutral	couples enjoying a meal , while a bunch of dogs take a nap .	THE COUPLE ARE EATING STEAK
neutral	couples enjoying a meal , while a bunch of dogs take a nap .	THE COUPLE ARE EATING STEAK
neutral	Three males in yellow green safety vests sit on a bench yawning , smokers and having a break .	Some guys are taking a rest from working .
neutral	Three men in yellow green safety vests sit on a bench yawning , smoke and having a break .	Some guys are taking a rest from working .
neutral	Three mens in yellow green safety vests sit on a bench yawning , smoker and having a break .	Some guys are taking a resting from working .
neutral	A fathers is teaching his son how to ride a motorbike .	The boy is improving quicker .
neutral	A fathers is teaching his son how to ride a motorbike .	The boy is improve quickly .
neutral	A fathers is teaching his son how to ride a moped .	The boy is improve fast .
neutral	Two males with graying beards share a laughing while enjoying the nice weather .	The men are laughing approximately the us losing the icy war .
neutral	Two masculine with graying beards share a laughing while enjoying the nice weather .	The mens are laughing roughly the us losing the colder war .
neutral	Two men with graying beards share a laugh while enjoying the nice weather .	The males are laughing roughly the us losing the cold war .
neutral	A bear-chested jungle natives , with lengthy hairstyle , wearing a cloth bottom clothing , is dangling in the airliner from a chute .	A tall persons with hair
neutral	A bear-chested jungle indigenous , with long hairdo , wearing a cloth bottom garment , is dangling in the midair from a chute .	A tall individuals with hair
neutral	A bear-chested jungle natives , with lengthy hairstyle , wearing a cloth bottom garment , is dangling in the airplane from a chute .	A tall persons with hair
neutral	Two adults hold either side of a ship at the edge of the water .	Two people are in the marine .
neutral	Two grownups hold either side of a studying at the edge of the water .	Two people are in the marina .
neutral	Two grownup hold either side of a yacht at the edge of the water .	Two people are in the oceanic .
neutral	A kid with wet hairstyle is holding a butterflies decorated beach ball .	The minor went swimming .
neutral	A adolescents with wet hairdo is holding a butterflies decorated beach ball .	The minor went swim .
neutral	A teenager with wet hairdo is holding a butterflies decorated beach ball .	The juveniles went swim .
neutral	A teenaged with wet hairdo is holding a butterfly decorated beach ball .	The children is at the beach .
neutral	A adolescents with wet hair is holding a butterfly decorated beach ball .	The youths is at the beach .
neutral	A teenager with wet hairdo is holding a butterflies decorated beach ball .	The youngsters is at the beach .
neutral	Girl in negro pants and an orange top jumping with one leg outstreached and feet pointed other in background dressed the identical .	A girl is jumping for a charity .
neutral	Girl in black underclothes and an orange top jumping with one leg outstreached and foot pointed other in background dressed the identical .	A girls is jumping for a charity .
neutral	Girl in black underpants and an orange top jumping with one leg outstreached and footing pointed other in background dressed the same .	A daughters is jumping for a charity .
neutral	A girls in a costume is performing a dancing as other daughters in costumes watch .	A girls is critiquing her friend 's dancing moves .
neutral	A daughter in a costume is performing a dance as other daughters in costumes watch .	A girls is critiquing her friend 's dance moves .
neutral	A daughters in a costume is performing a dance as other daughter in costumes watch .	A girls is critiquing her friend 's dances moves .
neutral	Women in a red hat and beige footwear standing with hands behind her back in front of a cemented wall .	A tall individuals in a hat
neutral	Women in a red hat and beige shoe standing with hands behind her back in front of a cement wall .	A tall person in a hat
neutral	Women in a red hat and beige shoes standing with hands behind her back in front of a cemented wall .	A tall person in a hat
neutral	A sign indicates `` Dangerous Shorebreak '' on an cloudy day while myriad people hang out on the beach .	A giant wave splashes the beach .
neutral	A sign indicates `` Dangerous Shorebreak '' on an overcast day while different people hang out on the beach .	A giant wave splashes the beach .
neutral	A sign indicates `` Dangerous Shorebreak '' on an overcast day while myriad people hang out on the beach .	A giant wave splashes the beach .
neutral	A fifth individuals Brass bands is seated , semi-circularly , in a white alcove of a church that has stained glass windows .	The band plays jazz music .
neutral	A fifth persons Brass band is seated , semi-circularly , in a white alcove of a church that has stained glass windows .	The bands plays jazz music .
neutral	A five individuals Brass bands is seated , semi-circularly , in a white alcove of a church that has stained glass windows .	The band plays jazz music .
neutral	A five piece horn band all play in a hall of what looks like a church .	The band plays a Sousa march to celebrate the vacations .
neutral	A fifth piece horn band all play in a hall of what looks like a church .	The bands plays a Sousa march to celebrate the holidays .
neutral	A fifth piece horn bands all play in a hall of what looks like a church .	The band plays a Sousa march to celebrate the vacations .
neutral	A mens standing in front of a building on the phone as two mens to the side pain on the side .	a busy male stands with bodyguards
neutral	A man standing in front of a building on the phone as two male to the side pain on the side .	a busy man stands with bodyguards
neutral	A male standing in front of a building on the phone as two man to the side pain on the side .	a busy masculine stands with bodyguards
neutral	A mens wearing shorts and a blue t-shirt is applying signage to the display window of an ice cream shop .	A mens is putting a sign in the window to warning client of an upcoming frosting cream sell .
neutral	A man wearing shorts and a blue t-shirt is applying signage to the display window of an ice cream shop .	A man is putting a sign in the window to warn client of an upcoming frosting cream sale .
neutral	A mens wearing shorts and a blue t-shirt is applying signage to the display window of an icing cream shop .	A males is putting a sign in the window to warning client of an upcoming ice cream sale .
neutral	Two dogs are play together .	Two mutts are hunting each other .
neutral	Two dogs are playing together .	Two mutts are chases each other .
neutral	Two dogs are playing together .	Two mutts are manhunt each other .
neutral	A middle-aged females with red-hair , a white shirt , and a silver beaded pendant is holding a yellow cellphone against her ear while discussions .	She was call her husband on her cellular .
neutral	A middle-aged woman with red-hair , a white shirt , and a silver beaded pendant is holding a yellow notebook against her ear while talking .	She was calling her husband on her mobile .
neutral	A middle-aged women with red-hair , a white shirt , and a silver beaded necklace is holding a yellow cellphone against her ear while talking .	She was calling her husband on her laptops .
neutral	A man is holding a cigarette outdoors in front of a blue wall with a sink on it .	A man takes a smoker break from work .
neutral	A mens is holding a cigarette outdoors in front of a blue wall with a sink on it .	A mens takes a tobacco break from work .
neutral	A males is holding a cigarette outdoors in front of a blue wall with a sink on it .	A man takes a smokers break from work .
neutral	A negro and white photographic of a town street with a food salesperson in the foreground .	The food vendor is sold hot dogs .
neutral	A black and white images of a city street with a food vendors in the foreground .	The food shopkeeper is sells hot dogs .
neutral	A negro and white images of a city street with a food vendor in the foreground .	The food vendor is sells hot dogs .
neutral	A men in a blue shirt and tan shorts has his foot in the steps of an exercising biking and is working on the controls panels of the machine .	The mens is old
neutral	A masculine in a blue shirt and tan shorts has his footing in the steps of an exercising bike and is working on the controlling panel of the machine .	The mens is old
neutral	A masculine in a blue shirt and tan shorts has his footing in the steps of an exercise bikes and is working on the control panels of the machine .	The man is old
neutral	A person sweeping stairs in a park .	A groundskeeper at a park
neutral	A persons sweeping stairs in a park .	A groundskeeper at a park
neutral	A individuals sweeping stairs in a park .	A groundskeeper at a park
neutral	Three sailboats with white sails are seen on a riverbank .	The exploring are errand .
neutral	Three sailboats with white sails are seen on a riverbank .	The exploring are errand .
neutral	Three sailboats with white sails are seen on a riverbank .	The browsing are errand .
neutral	Navy mens stand along a red carpeting and salute as their upper walks by .	Some mens are saluting their highest out of respect .
neutral	Navy mens stand along a red carpet and salute as their larger walks by .	Some masculine are saluting their biggest out of respect .
neutral	Navy male stand along a red treadmill and salute as their maximum walks by .	Some mens are saluting their largest out of respect .
neutral	a baby getting a bath in the kitchen sink .	A baby is getting a bath by his Father .
neutral	a baby getting a bath in the kitchen sink .	A baby is getting a bath by his Father .
neutral	a baby getting a bath in the kitchen sink .	A baby is getting a bath by his Father .
neutral	A male in a suit stands on a walkway with is luggage with a heavy display in front of him advertisements airlines flights .	A males is trying to catch a flight home for Christmas .
neutral	A masculine in a suit stands on a walkway with is luggage with a monumental display in front of him announcing airline flights .	A man is trying to catch a flight home for Christmas .
neutral	A man in a suit stands on a walkway with is baggage with a overwhelming display in front of him advertisements jets flights .	A mens is trying to catch a flight home for Christmas .
neutral	Three people on ski are standing behind a no snowboard sign .	Three friends standing on top of a ski mountain .
neutral	Three people on skis are standing behind a no snowboard sign .	Three friends standing on top of a skis mountain .
neutral	Three people on skis are standing behind a no skiing sign .	Three friends standing on top of a skis mountain .
neutral	A school elderly teenagers wearing makeup and doing a hand sign sits on the ground among similar old teen who are all making the identical sign .	the underage are doing sign language .
neutral	A school aging youthful wearing makeup and doing a hand sign sits on the ground among similar older teens who are all making the identical sign .	the children are doing sign language .
neutral	A school age miners wearing makeup and doing a hand sign sits on the ground among similar elder young who are all making the identical sign .	the adolescents are doing sign language .
neutral	A youth female stands by a barbeque .	The smaller woman is preparing the meat to cook on the barbecue .
neutral	A miner woman stands by a barbeque .	The underage female is preparing the meat to cook on the bbq .
neutral	A underage female stands by a barbeque .	The young women is preparing the meat to cook on the bbq .
neutral	A women wearing jeans is walking down the street .	A woman is walking toward a bus stop .
neutral	A women wearing jeans is walking down the street .	A female is walking toward a bus halt .
neutral	A female wearing jeans is walking down the street .	A woman is walking toward a bus halting .
neutral	A young couple holding hands in the park .	A mens and female are on a dating .
neutral	A children couple holding hands in the park .	A mens and females are on a date .
neutral	A minor couple holding hands in the park .	A masculine and females are on a dates .
neutral	A group of people stand near and on a monumental black square on the ground with some yellow writing on it .	a groups of people wait
neutral	A group of people stand near and on a heavy black squares on the ground with some yellow writing on it .	a panels of people wait
neutral	A grouping of people stand near and on a gigantic negro square on the ground with some yellow writing on it .	a grouping of people wait
neutral	Child is laughing and playing around .	The teenage is with his parents .
neutral	Child is laugh and play around .	The adolescents is with his parents .
neutral	Child is laughing and playing around .	The kid is with his parents .
neutral	A males grilling a hamburger .	The males is wearing an apron .
neutral	A male grilling a hamburger .	The man is wearing an apron .
neutral	A male grilling a hamburger .	The men is wearing an apron .
neutral	A middle-aged males in a collard shirt is raising his forearms next to his face .	the man is white
neutral	A middle-aged mens in a collard shirt is raising his forearms next to his face .	the masculine is white
neutral	A middle-aged male in a collard shirt is raising his forearms next to his face .	the males is white
neutral	A adolescent males appears bored in a restaurant .	A teenage sad masculine appears bored in a restaurant .
neutral	A teenaged male appears bored in a restaurant .	A kids sad men appears bored in a restaurant .
neutral	A teenage men appears bored in a restaurant .	A youngsters sad man appears bored in a restaurant .
neutral	a blond women kiss the cheek of a brown-haired males .	The couple is displaying affection .
neutral	a blond women kiss the cheek of a brown-haired men .	The couple is displaying affection .
neutral	a blond women kiss the cheek of a brown-haired men .	The couple is displaying affection .
neutral	Child in blue polos are sitting around a tables writing on their mobiles , one is standing up .	Children doing homework assignments while tutor monitored them .
neutral	Child in blue polos are sitting around a tables writing on their notepad , one is standing up .	Children doing homework assignments while tutor monitored them .
neutral	Child in blue polos are sitting around a tables write on their mobile , one is standing up .	Children doing homework assignments while tutor oversees them .
neutral	A male in a hat is driving a horse-driven cart down a cobblestone street .	A men hauling wares to sells .
neutral	A men in a hat is driving a horse-driven cart down a cobblestone street .	A males hauling goods to sell .
neutral	A mens in a hat is driving a horse-driven cart down a cobblestone street .	A males hauling goods to sells .
neutral	A females in her swimwear is kicking a ball on the beach .	A females wearing a pink swimsuit .
neutral	A females in her swimwear is kicking a ball on the beach .	A females wearing a pink swimsuit .
neutral	A female in her swimwear is kicking a ball on the beach .	A women wearing a pink swimwear .
neutral	A group of people stand near and on a immense black squares on the ground with some yellow writing on it .	a grouping of people stand
neutral	A group of people stand near and on a gigantic negro square on the ground with some yellow write on it .	a panel of people stand
neutral	A panel of people stand near and on a massive negro square on the ground with some yellow write on it .	a panel of people stand
neutral	A person is climb a lumber ladder on a very steep , jagged , rock cliff .	A male is climb a ladder on a cliff in hopes of not falling to his death .
neutral	A individuals is climbing a wood ladder on a very steep , jagged , rock cliff .	A masculine is climb a ladder on a cliff in hopes of not falling to his deaths .
neutral	A individuals is climbing a woods ladder on a very steep , jagged , rock cliff .	A men is climb a ladder on a cliff in hopes of not falling to his death .
neutral	A brown dog plays in a deep piling of snowy .	A brown dog is outer and it 's snowing
neutral	A brown dog plays in a deep piling of snowy .	A brown dog is outside and it 's snowing
neutral	A brown dog plays in a deep pile of snow .	A brown dog is outside and it 's snowing
neutral	A crowd is watching a groups of men in suits with briefcases walk in formation down the street led by a female holding a sign .	The sign the woman is holding states that `` Freedom is free . ''
neutral	A crowd is watching a groups of males in suits with briefcases walk in formation down the street led by a women holding a sign .	The sign the females is holding states that `` Freedom is free . ''
neutral	A crowd is watching a panel of men in suits with briefcases walk in formation down the street led by a women holding a sign .	The sign the female is holding states that `` Freedom is free . ''
neutral	A white and negro spotted dog is running through a grassy spheres .	A dog is running in the field toward another dog .
neutral	A white and negro spotted dog is running through a grassy spheres .	A dog is running in the field toward another dog .
neutral	A white and negro spotted dog is running through a grassy zone .	A dog is running in the field toward another dog .
neutral	Two female drank coffee and chat while sitting on a blanket near a rocky shore .	Two female are having a picnic on the beach .
neutral	Two woman drank coffee and chat while sitting on a blanket near a rocky shore .	Two women are having a picnic on the beach .
neutral	Two females drank coffee and chat while sitting on a blanket near a rocky shoreline .	Two women are having a picnic on the beach .
neutral	Young Asian girls is sitting on the ground in rubble .	The youths Asian has lost her home .
neutral	Young Asian daughter is sitting on the ground in rubble .	The children Asian has lost her home .
neutral	Young Asian daughters is sitting on the ground in rubble .	The teen Asian has lost her home .
neutral	A daughter attired in a Halloween costume is carrying wallets of candy and a scythe with a jack-o-lantern on someones porch in the background .	Her favorite candy is chocolate .
neutral	A daughter dressed in a Halloween costume is carrying handbag of candy and a scythe with a jack-o-lantern on someones porch in the background .	Her favorite candy is chocolate .
neutral	A daughter clothed in a Halloween costume is carry rucksack of candy and a scythe with a jack-o-lantern on someones porch in the background .	Her favorite candy is chocolate .
neutral	Team member 39 waiting for the puck to come his way .	A individuals has a number on his shirt .
neutral	Team member 39 wait for the puck to come his way .	A persons has a number on his shirt .
neutral	Team member 39 wait for the puck to come his manner .	A persons has a number on his shirt .
neutral	Team member 39 waiting for the puck to come his way .	An frosting hockey player waits to make his move .
neutral	Team members 39 waiting for the puck to come his way .	An icing hockey player waits to make his move .
neutral	Team members 39 waiting for the puck to come his way .	An frosting hockey player waits to make his move .
neutral	A man in a coat with a briefcase walks down a street next to the bus lanes .	A sad male in a coat with a briefcase walks down a street next to the bus lanes .
neutral	A men in a coat with a briefcase walks down a street next to the bus lanes .	A sad mens in a coat with a briefcase walks down a street next to the bus lanes .
neutral	A masculine in a coat with a briefcase walks down a street next to the bus lanes .	A sad man in a coat with a briefcase walks down a street next to the bus lanes .
neutral	A group of men and female are sitting at a table eating and drinking .	A grouping of men and females are sitting at a tables eating and drinking for a birthday party .
neutral	A group of males and female are sitting at a tables eating and drinking .	A panels of masculine and women are sitting at a tables eating and drinking for a birthday party .
neutral	A panels of men and females are sitting at a tables eating and drinking .	A panels of mens and females are sitting at a table eating and drinking for a birthday parties .
neutral	Man in blue shirt yells and dotted off-camera while a males in a blue shirt and baseball ceilings clocks .	He is shrieking at his son .
neutral	Man in blue shirt yells and dot off-camera while a masculine in a blue shirt and baseball caps watches .	He is yelling at his sons .
neutral	Man in blue shirt yells and points off-camera while a mens in a blue shirt and baseball chap watches .	He is shout at his son .
neutral	A female with a white blanket over her head is holding a baby wrapped in a blue , pink , and yellow blanket .	The baby had dark hairdo .
neutral	A women with a white blanket over her head is holding a baby wrapped in a blue , pink , and yellow blanket .	The baby had dark hairstyle .
neutral	A woman with a white blanket over her head is holding a baby wrapped in a blue , pink , and yellow blanket .	The baby had dark hairdo .
neutral	A underage boy swings a hula hoop while other underage sit on the floor with their hoops .	The boy is 8
neutral	A youths boy swings a hula hoop while other teenager sit on the floor with their hoops .	The boy is 8
neutral	A miner boy swings a hula hoop while other kid sit on the floor with their hoops .	The boy is 8
neutral	a kids man pouring tea interior of a glass jar .	A males is getting prepared to drank ice tea .
neutral	a youths man pouring tea inside of a glass jar .	A males is getting prepared to drink ice tea .
neutral	a teenaged male pouring tea indoor of a glass jar .	A men is getting braced to drank icing tea .
neutral	The small boy gets prepared to kick the soccer ball .	the boy is ten olds old
neutral	The petite boy gets readies to kick the soccer ball .	the boy is ten olds old
neutral	The little boy gets poised to kick the soccer ball .	the boy is ten olds old
neutral	A girl climb a string link fences .	The daughter climbs the fences to get to school .
neutral	A girls climbing a strings link fencing .	The girls climbs the fencing to get to school .
neutral	A girl climb a string link fence .	The daughters climbs the fence to get to school .
neutral	Older male and women dances in front of a stage , a males in a white hat twirling a female in a red flowering printing skirt and white shirt .	People put on a show .
neutral	Older man and women dances in front of a stages , a men in a white hat twirling a female in a red flowers prints skirt and white shirt .	People put on a show .
neutral	Older man and female dances in front of a stage , a man in a white hat twirling a females in a red flowers printing skirt and white shirt .	People put on a show .
neutral	A man and a female stand in front of a Christmas trees contemplating a lonesome thought .	Two people wonder how a Christmas trees got inside their houses in the media of July .
neutral	A masculine and a woman stand in front of a Christmas trees contemplating a lone thought .	Two people wonder how a Christmas trees got internal their houses in the mid of July .
neutral	A men and a woman stand in front of a Christmas trees contemplating a lonely thought .	Two people wonder how a Christmas tree got indoor their homes in the media of July .
neutral	A adolescence couple thinking roughly their Christmas decorations .	The couple has their Christmas tree out .
neutral	A juvenile couple thinking roughly their Christmas ornaments .	The couple has their Christmas trees out .
neutral	A young couple thinking approximately their Christmas ornaments .	The couple has their Christmas tree out .
neutral	A panel of people standing in a restaurant .	A panels of people are eating tacos at a restaurant .
neutral	A panel of people standing in a restaurant .	A grouping of people are eating tacos at a restaurant .
neutral	A panel of people standing in a restaurant .	A group of people are eating tacos at a restaurant .
neutral	A panel of people standing in a restaurant .	A parties waits to be seated at a restaurant .
neutral	A panel of people standing in a restaurant .	A party waits to be seated at a restaurant .
neutral	A group of people standing in a restaurant .	A party waits to be seated at a restaurant .
neutral	An olympians leaps over an obstacle .	A sprinter obstacle the impediment .
neutral	An olympians leaps over an obstacles .	A sprinter hurdle the obstacle .
neutral	An olympians leaps over an impediment .	A sprinter obstacles the barrier .
neutral	A teenagers floating on a blue raft while a women holds on to him while a negro dog swims nearby .	A funny persons floating
neutral	A adolescents floating on a blue raft while a females holds on to him while a negro dog swims vicinity .	A funny individuals floating
neutral	A youth floating on a blue raft while a woman holds on to him while a black dog swims vicinity .	A funny persons floating
neutral	A mens lurks on the grass on a rugby field , holding a rugby ball .	A several slumber with his rugby ball .
neutral	A masculine lies on the grass on a rugby field , holding a rugby ball .	A many slumber with his rugby ball .
neutral	A males lie on the grass on a rugby field , holding a rugby ball .	A varying sleeping with his rugby ball .
neutral	A females is sitting in a chairs , while a males is going through the athletics utility vehicle .	a girls is sitting waiting to leave for vacation
neutral	A female is sitting in a chairs , while a mens is going through the sports utility vehicular .	a daughters is sitting waiting to leave for vacation
neutral	A females is sitting in a chairs , while a males is going through the sporting utility vehicles .	a girls is sitting wait to leave for vacation
neutral	a skier doing a trick on pole while being images by another man	Skier showing off for photographer by doing a trick .
neutral	a skier doing a trick on poles while being photo by another man	Skier showing off for photos by doing a trick .
neutral	a skier doing a trick on poles while being photograph by another man	Skier showing off for photographic by doing a ploy .
neutral	A females carries a little , unhappy youths in a busy street scene .	woman carry juveniles to the store
neutral	A female carries a little , unhappy kid in a busy street scene .	woman carrying youth to the store
neutral	A woman carries a small , unhappy underage in a busy street scene .	woman carrying adolescence to the store
neutral	Multiple male fills the scene , one in a white button up shirt using his notebooks , the others wearing pink , orange , and green shirts engaged in multiple measurements in the background .	Three of the men are discussions on their cellphones .
neutral	Multiple males fill the scene , one in a white button up shirt using his mobile , the others wearing pink , orange , and green shirts engaged in varying measures in the background .	Three of the masculine are conversations on their telephones .
neutral	Multiple male filling the scene , one in a white button up shirt using his portable , the others wearing pink , orange , and green shirts engaged in multiple measurements in the background .	Three of the men are conversations on their phones .
neutral	A woman in a bright pink and green skirt carries a hefty wicker basket on her back up a stone-cobbled street .	The females is carrying a basket down the street in Nepal .
neutral	A female in a bright pink and green skirt carries a mammoth wicker basket on her back up a stone-cobbled street .	The woman is carry a basket down the street in Nepal .
neutral	A woman in a bright pink and green skirt carries a jumbo wicker basket on her back up a stone-cobbled street .	The women is carrying a basket down the street in Nepal .
neutral	A mammoth dog and a young dog battles over a piece of fabric .	Two dogs battle over a toy in front of a crowd .
neutral	A jumbo dog and a underage dog tussle over a piece of fabric .	Two dogs struggle over a toy in front of a crowd .
neutral	A monumental dog and a young dog fighting over a piece of fabric .	Two dogs fight over a toy in front of a crowd .
neutral	A man and female sitting on the pavement .	The men and woman are marriage .
neutral	A males and women sitting on the pavement .	The man and women are wedding .
neutral	A men and woman sitting on the sidewalk .	The masculine and women are marrying .
neutral	A minor daughter with blond-hair eating a peach .	A youthful girls eating a peach , while discussing the periods of elder with her friend .
neutral	A miners girl with blond-hair eating a peach .	A youths daughter eating a peach , while discussing the period of ancient with her friend .
neutral	A teenager daughter with blond-hair eating a peach .	A smaller daughters eating a peach , while discussing the periods of aged with her friend .
neutral	The man white purple and white polka-dotted shirts is eating and search to his right while the female behind him has a confused look on her face .	The guy is eating a sandwich while a lady wonders what 's in the sandwich .
neutral	The man white purple and white polka-dotted shirts is eating and searching to his right while the females behind him has a confused look on her face .	The guy is eating a sandwich while a dame wonders what 's in the sandwich .
neutral	The men white purple and white polka-dotted shirts is eating and search to his rights while the woman behind him has a confused look on her face .	The guy is eating a sandwich while a dame wonders what 's in the sandwich .
neutral	Several people talk and drank beer while sitting around a picnic table .	Several enemies talk and drink beer around a table discussing peace treaties .
neutral	Several people talk and drink beer while sitting around a picnic table .	Several enemies talk and drink beer around a tables discussing peace treaties .
neutral	Several people talk and drink beer while sitting around a picnic tables .	Several foe talk and drink beer around a table discussing peace treaties .
neutral	A women within the foreground is header towards a huge white colored pillar that is apart of a huge building with people are loitering or wait on the steps of said building .	The females has an important meeting today in the building .
neutral	A women within the foreground is heading towards a jumbo white colored pillar that is apart of a big building with people are loitering or wait on the steps of said building .	The females has an major meeting today in the building .
neutral	A female within the foreground is heading toward a massive white colored pillar that is apart of a immense building with people are loitering or waiting on the steps of said building .	The female has an major meetings today in the building .
neutral	Several people talk and drank beer while sitting around a picnic table .	Several friends talk and drank beer while sitting around a picnic tables .
neutral	Several people talk and drink beer while sitting around a picnic table .	Several friends talk and drink beer while sitting around a picnic table .
neutral	Several people talk and drink beer while sitting around a picnic tables .	Several friends talk and drink beer while sitting around a picnic table .
neutral	A dirty , shirtless homeless man sits on the sidewalk , holding his cup up to passerby asking for shift .	A homeless men in torn jeans begs .
neutral	A dirty , shirtless homeless masculine sits on the sidewalk , holding his cup up to passerby asking for changing .	A homeless males in torn jeans begs .
neutral	A dirty , shirtless homeless man sits on the pavement , holding his cup up to passerby asking for altering .	A homeless man in torn jeans begs .
neutral	A person shovels the snowy in the city as the snowy continues to fall .	The men is clearing his driveway .
neutral	A person shovels the snow in the city as the snow continues to fall .	The man is clearing his driveway .
neutral	A person shovels the snow in the town as the snowy continues to fall .	The men is clearing his driveway .
neutral	A masculine with white hairstyle wearing a gray suit speaks into a mics with a metallic jug sitting in front of him .	A mens is giving a speeches on personal money .
neutral	A men with white hairstyle wearing a grey suit speaks into a mics with a metallic jug sitting in front of him .	A masculine is giving a speech on personal funding .
neutral	A male with white hair wearing a grey suit speaks into a microphone with a metal jug sitting in front of him .	A men is giving a speeches on personal financial .
neutral	A grouping of people are buys fruits and vegetables from a stand located in a street marketplace .	The people are exam the vegetables .
neutral	A panels of people are buys fruits and vegetables from a stand located in a street market .	The people are inspects the vegetables .
neutral	A panel of people are buying fruits and vegetables from a stand located in a street market .	The people are inspecting the vegetables .
neutral	A little dog quest up to his loving holder .	A dog is playing with his holder .
neutral	A petite dog quest up to his loving holder .	A dog is play with his homeowner .
neutral	A little dog quest up to his loving owner .	A dog is playing with his owners .
neutral	A brown and white dog is chained up near a red chairs .	The dog is sitting .
neutral	A brown and white dog is chained up near a red chair .	The dog is sitting .
neutral	A brown and white dog is chained up near a red chair .	The dog is sitting .
neutral	A female in a red shirt looks at a map while with a view of a river and different yachting in the background .	A female in red is out camping near water .
neutral	A female in a red shirt looks at a map while with a view of a river and different ship in the background .	A female in red is out campground near water .
neutral	A women in a red shirt looks at a map while with a view of a river and diverse browse in the background .	A females in red is out camping near water .
neutral	The African American males protest against unlawful sexual .	The mens demonstrations in something he does n't believe in .
neutral	The African American males protest against unlawful sexual .	The man demonstrations in something he does n't believe in .
neutral	The African American masculine protests against unlawful sexual .	The masculine protesting in something he does n't believe in .
neutral	One miner females in a blue uniforms assist another teenager females in a blue sweatshirt with a white band around her arm .	A tall person in a uniform
neutral	One youngsters women in a blue uniform helped another kid woman in a blue sweatshirt with a white bands around her arm .	A tall individuals in a uniform
neutral	One kids women in a blue uniforms assisting another miner woman in a blue sweatshirt with a white bands around her arm .	A tall individuals in a uniform
neutral	Two dogs either battle or playing together .	The dogs are in a meadow .
neutral	Two dogs either battle or play together .	The dogs are in a meadow .
neutral	Two dogs either fights or play together .	The dogs are in a meadow .
neutral	A women in a grey sweatshirt is sitting on the floor with her small dog that is wrapped in a blanket .	The woman is wearing jeans .
neutral	A women in a gray sweatshirt is sitting on the floor with her petite dog that is wrapped in a blanket .	The females is wearing jeans .
neutral	A women in a grey sweatshirt is sitting on the floor with her small dog that is wrapped in a blanket .	The females is wearing jeans .
neutral	Two men sitting in a living room , one wearing cultural apparel and another in a white shirt and shorts , contemplating on their motorcycle and bicycling .	A man in classical frock wants his friend to trade his motorbikes for his cycling .
neutral	Two males sitting in a living rooms , one wearing cultural sportswear and another in a white shirt and shorts , contemplating on their bicycle and bicycles .	A masculine in traditional frock wants his friend to trade his motorbikes for his motorbike .
neutral	Two men sitting in a living room , one wearing cultural clothing and another in a white shirt and shorts , contemplating on their bike and bikes .	A mens in traditional garb wants his friend to trade his motorcycles for his motorbike .
neutral	Three men sitting in a room quest at their one moped and one pedal cycling .	Men prepare to fix their damaged motorcycles .
neutral	Three men sitting in a room search at their one bike and one pedal bikes .	Men prepare to fix their damaged bicycles .
neutral	Three male sitting in a rooms search at their one mopeds and one pedal cycling .	Men prepare to fix their damaged motorcycle .
neutral	A female in a black jacket and a black and white striped skirt is watching a woman conversations to a little boy sitting on concrete steps .	A woman watches a moms speak to her youthful son .
neutral	A women in a negro jacket and a black and white striped skirt is watching a female conversations to a petite boy sitting on concrete steps .	A women watches a mama speak to her children sons .
neutral	A woman in a negro jacket and a negro and white striped skirt is watching a women talking to a petite boy sitting on concrete steps .	A women watches a mom speak to her youths son .
neutral	Two boys running down a exterior hallway of an apartment building , with one running into frame with the other running ahead down the hall .	Two boys are play a game .
neutral	Two boys running down a outboard hallway of an flat building , with one running into frame with the other running ahead down the hall .	Two boys are playing a games .
neutral	Two boys running down a outdoor hallway of an flat building , with one running into frame with the other running ahead down the hall .	Two boys are playing a games .
neutral	The males in the seamen suit is holding literature .	A mens is sitting in his mariners suit .
neutral	The males in the seamen suit is holding literature .	A mens is sitting in his sailor suit .
neutral	The mens in the crewman suit is holding literature .	A man is sitting in his crewman suit .
neutral	A masculine in a jean jacket is reaching into a purses and walking past two woman .	women comments on mans looks
neutral	A masculine in a jean jacket is reaching into a handbag and walking past two female .	women remarks on mans looks
neutral	A men in a jean jacket is reaching into a bag and walking past two females .	women comment on mans looks
neutral	A mens balances a unicycle using his face and both hands .	A males is working for a circus .
neutral	A mens balances a unicycle using his face and both hands .	A male is working for a circus .
neutral	A mens balances a unicycle using his face and both hands .	A mens is working for a circus .
neutral	A masculine balance a unicycle using his face and both hands .	A males is using his hands .
neutral	A mens balances a unicycle using his face and both hands .	A mens is using his hands .
neutral	A masculine balances a unicycle using his face and both hands .	A males is using his hands .
neutral	An oriental women in goggles , shooting archery .	The women is American .
neutral	An eastern female in eyeglasses , shooting archery .	The females is American .
neutral	An oriental female in goggles , shooting archery .	The females is American .
neutral	A males holding a pink cooler is conversations to an antiquated women .	A mens offerings a females a beer .
neutral	A male holding a pink cooler is conversation to an antique female .	A male offerings a females a beer .
neutral	A males holding a pink cooler is conversations to an ancient women .	A masculine delivers a females a beer .
neutral	Group of people standing on a snow covered ground , some are holding brooms , there is a dog with the panels .	Group of people standing on a snowy covered ground after a snowstorm poised to sweep off the burying motors while a dog is vicinity .
neutral	Group of people standing on a snow covered ground , some are holding brooms , there is a dog with the groups .	Group of people standing on a snowy cover ground after a blizzard readies to sweeping off the buried vehicular while a dog is vicinity .
neutral	Group of people standing on a snow covered ground , some are holding brooms , there is a dog with the group .	Group of people standing on a snowy covered ground after a snowstorm prepared to sweeping off the burying auto while a dog is vicinity .
neutral	Man and woman eating a hotdog .	A men and female are eating a hotdog at a baseball game .
neutral	Man and female eating a hotdog .	A men and women are eating a hotdog at a baseball game .
neutral	Man and woman eating a hotdog .	A man and woman are eating a hotdog at a baseball games .
neutral	A smaller bored in a train with brown hair and his head lies down .	A underage is riding the train from New York to Boston .
neutral	A teen bored in a train with brown hairstyle and his head lurks down .	A youthful is riding the train from New York to Boston .
neutral	A teen bored in a train with brown hair and his head lurks down .	A young is riding the train from New York to Boston .
neutral	A individuals sitting on a rock beside a waterfall .	A persons is taking a break from walking
neutral	A person sitting on a rock beside a waterfall .	A person is taking a break from walking
neutral	A persons sitting on a rock beside a waterfall .	A person is taking a break from walking
neutral	A females complete a marathon racing .	The women is in first placing .
neutral	A woman complete a marathon racing .	The females is in first placing .
neutral	A female finish a marathon racing .	The female is in first placing .
neutral	Two men shining peoples footwear .	Two masculine shining shoes in the plaza .
neutral	Two mens shining peoples footwear .	Two mens shining footwear in the plaza .
neutral	Two male shining peoples shoe .	Two males shining shoe in the plaza .
neutral	A men vessel a mopeds during a yard sale .	The mens wants to buy a bike
neutral	A male ship a bike during a yard sell .	The mens wants to buy a bike
neutral	A men ship a moped during a yard sold .	The men wants to buy a bike
neutral	A teenager man is standing near his bicycles outdoor a shop called , `` Sara 's Old Fashioned Ice Cream . ''	The youths males is getting icing cream .
neutral	A youthful men is standing near his motorcycles outboard a shop called , `` Sara 's Old Fashioned Ice Cream . ''	The minors man is getting frosting cream .
neutral	A adolescent man is standing near his motorbikes exterior a shop called , `` Sara 's Old Fashioned Ice Cream . ''	The adolescent male is getting icing cream .
neutral	A men in a gray shirt and blue shorts is standing outboard of an senior fashioned icing cream shop named Sara 's Old Fashioned Ice Cream , holding his bicycles up , with a lumber like table , chairs , benches in front of him .	A men is riding his bike
neutral	A males in a grey shirt and blue shorts is standing outdoor of an older fashioned ice cream shop named Sara 's Old Fashioned Ice Cream , holding his moped up , with a wood like table , chair , benches in front of him .	A mens is riding his bike
neutral	A male in a gray shirt and blue shorts is standing outside of an age fashioned ice cream shop named Sara 's Old Fashioned Ice Cream , holding his motorbike up , with a woods like tables , chair , benches in front of him .	A masculine is riding his bike
neutral	An aisle at Best Buy with an employees standing at the computers and a Geek Squad sign in the background .	The employee is wearing a blue shirt .
neutral	An aisle at Best Buy with an staffs standing at the computers and a Geek Squad sign in the background .	The employees is wearing a blue shirt .
neutral	An aisle at Best Buy with an employee standing at the computer and a Geek Squad sign in the background .	The personnel is wearing a blue shirt .
neutral	Two male work outboard buffing shoes .	Some mens are polishing the shoes of businesses male .
neutral	Two masculine work exterior buffing shoes .	Some masculine are buffing the footwear of corporations males .
neutral	Two males work outdoor polishing footwear .	Some male are buffing the shoe of business man .
neutral	A girls making a snow angels , wearing a negro hat and eyeglasses .	A girl is on a snow mountain .
neutral	A girl making a snowy angel , wearing a negro hat and glasses .	A daughter is on a snow mountain .
neutral	A girl making a snowy angels , wearing a black hat and eyeglasses .	A girl is on a snowy mountain .
neutral	An antiquated couple in mammoth coats are looking at negro and white photographs displayed on a wall .	The aged lovers showing black and white photos of them in their teenagers .
neutral	An aging couple in mammoth coats are quest at negro and white photographic displayed on a wall .	The archaic lovers showing negro and white photographic of them in their minors .
neutral	An elderly couple in hefty coats are searches at negro and white photographer displayed on a wall .	The elderly lovers showing negro and white photography of them in their youthful .
neutral	A shirtless male rock climbs .	A male is doing his hobby
neutral	A shirtless masculine rock climbs .	A mens is doing his hobby
neutral	A shirtless man rock climbs .	A men is doing his hobby
neutral	A dog plays with a upholstered animals .	The zoo is indoors .
neutral	A dog plays with a stuffed zoo .	The zoo is indoors .
neutral	A dog plays with a stuffed zoo .	The animal is indoors .
neutral	A dog plays with a stuffed zoo .	The dog is enjoying itself .
neutral	A dog plays with a upholstered animals .	The dog is enjoying itself .
neutral	A dog plays with a upholstered animal .	The dog is enjoying himself .
neutral	A dog plays with a stuffed zoo .	The dog is chewing on his toy .
neutral	A dog plays with a stuffed zoo .	The dog is chewing on his toy .
neutral	A dog plays with a stuffed zoo .	The dog is chewing on his toy .
neutral	A skateboarder sails over white steps .	The skater was elated .
neutral	A skateboarder sails over white steps .	The skater was elated .
neutral	A skateboarder sails over white steps .	The skater was elated .
neutral	Two mens in arduous hats look at a building while on the side of a street .	2 mens humans are working construction .
neutral	Two man in tricky hats look at a building while on the side of a street .	2 male humans are working construction .
neutral	Two men in arduous hats look at a building while on the side of a street .	2 men humans are working construction .
neutral	A men looks back while laugh and walking .	A male walks and hears a funny joke and initiated to laughing .
neutral	A males looks back while laugh and walking .	A man walks and hears a funny joking and launches to laugh .
neutral	A men looks back while laughing and walking .	A mens walks and hears a funny joke and launch to laughing .
neutral	A happy female quite stands in front of a companies that displays a closed sign and looks very animated .	A women stands by a company .
neutral	A happy women quite stands in front of a businesses that displays a closed sign and looks very animated .	A females stands by a ventures .
neutral	A happy women quite stands in front of a companies that displays a closed sign and looks very animated .	A female stands by a corporation .
neutral	A woodworking is working on a roof at a housing being built .	A men is hammering the final shingle on a roof .
neutral	A woodwork is working on a roof at a housing being built .	A males is hammering the final shingle on a roof .
neutral	A woodworking is working on a roof at a houses being built .	A man is hammering the final shingle on a roof .
neutral	A female in a dress is sings and having a good schedule .	A woman is singing karaoke .
neutral	A women in a garb is sung and having a good deadline .	A females is sung karaoke .
neutral	A women in a dress is sing and having a good timetable .	A female is sing karaoke .
neutral	A dog is walking down steps .	A hefty dog is walking down the front steps .
neutral	A dog is walking down steps .	A overwhelming dog is walking down the front steps .
neutral	A dog is walking down steps .	A overwhelming dog is walking down the front steps .
neutral	Women sitting at steel tables next to a men standing and holding his bicep .	the man and woman are married and she is showing off his arms
neutral	Women sitting at steel table next to a masculine standing and holding his bicep .	the men and female are wedding and she is showing off his arms
neutral	Women sitting at steel table next to a man standing and holding his bicep .	the men and women are matrimony and she is showing off his arms
neutral	A immense display of artifact are in a monumental rooms and around a very big display are six people with two people near lumber benches .	People throw things at the display
neutral	A overwhelming display of artifacts are in a vast rooms and around a very big display are six people with two people near timber benches .	People throw things at the display
neutral	A immense display of artifacts are in a vast room and around a very vast display are six people with two people near wood benches .	People throw things at the display
neutral	A overwhelming display of artifacts are in a hefty room and around a very vast display are six people with two people near wooden benches .	People stand in front of the newest display
neutral	A gigantic display of artifacts are in a vast rooms and around a very hefty display are six people with two people near wooden benches .	People stand in front of the newest display
neutral	A big display of artifacts are in a massive room and around a very immense display are six people with two people near timber benches .	People stand in front of the newest display
neutral	The two teenaged girl are dressed as fairies , and are play in the leaves outdoors .	The two daughter play in the Autumn .
neutral	The two youth girls are dressed as fairies , and are play in the leaves outdoors .	The two girls play in the Autumn .
neutral	The two underage girl are dressed as fairies , and are play in the leaves outdoors .	The two daughters playing in the Autumn .
neutral	A male talks to two guards as he holds a drank .	The inmates is conversation to two guarding in the jail cafeteria .
neutral	A mens talks to two guard as he holds a drink .	The inmates is conversations to two guard in the prison cafeteria .
neutral	A mens talks to two guarding as he holds a drank .	The prisoners is discussions to two guard in the prison cafeteria .
neutral	A blue light rail streetcar goes down a busy street while pedestrians waiting to crossing .	A blue streetcar goes down the street while pedestrians sight-see .
neutral	A blue light rail tram goes down a busy street while pedestrians wait to crossed .	A blue tram goes down the street while pedestrians sight-see .
neutral	A blue light rail tram goes down a busy street while pedestrians waiting to crossed .	A blue tram goes down the street while pedestrians sight-see .
neutral	A woman and a baby are watching a boy playing .	the female is his mother
neutral	A females and a baby are watching a boy playing .	the woman is his mother
neutral	A female and a baby are watching a boy playing .	the woman is his mother
neutral	A minor female wearing a yellow shirt and off-white shorts is reading a book while sitting on a park bench .	A women reading a book while she sits on a bench wait for the bus .
neutral	A youths women wearing a yellow shirt and off-white shorts is reading a book while sitting on a park bench .	A women reading a book while she sits on a bench wait for the bus .
neutral	A adolescent female wearing a yellow shirt and off-white shorts is reading a book while sitting on a park bench .	A females reading a book while she sits on a bench wait for the bus .
neutral	It looks like the clown has fallen off the equestrian .	The sad clown fell off the horse at the State Fair rodeo .
neutral	It looks like the clown has fallen off the equestrian .	The sad clown fell off the equestrian at the State Fair rodeo .
neutral	It looks like the clown has fallen off the equestrian .	The sad clown fell off the horse at the State Fair rodeo .
neutral	A mens in a ventures suit screams at the camera .	A corporate males is giving a heated interviewing for the local news .
neutral	A male in a business suit shrieking at the camera .	A corporation man is giving a heated interview for the local news .
neutral	A males in a corporation suit shrieking at the camera .	A corporation mens is giving a heated interview for the local news .
neutral	A groups of Chinese people sitting and laying down together on what appears to be a front porch .	The Chinese people on the porch are family members .
neutral	A grouping of Chinese people sitting and laying down together on what appears to be a front porch .	The Chinese people on the porch are families member .
neutral	A panel of Chinese people sitting and laying down together on what appears to be a front porch .	The Chinese people on the porch are family member .
neutral	A minor making a sand castle on the beach .	A teenagers uses their imagination .
neutral	A teenagers making a sand castle on the beach .	A juvenile utilizes their imagination .
neutral	A miner making a sand castle on the beach .	A smaller utilizes their imagination .
neutral	Two dirt bikers - one in black and red , sports number 64 , the other in blue and white displaying a red `` 21 '' - round the cornering of a tree-lined track .	The two bikers , both friends and contenders , round the final curve of the final errand of the season .
neutral	Two filth bikers - one in black and red , sport number 64 , the other in blue and white displaying a red `` 21 '' - round the corner of a tree-lined track .	The two bikers , both friends and rivals , round the final curve of the final races of the season .
neutral	Two dirt bikers - one in negro and red , sportsmen number 64 , the other in blue and white displaying a red `` 21 '' - round the corner of a tree-lined track .	The two bikers , both friends and competitors , round the final curve of the final racing of the season .
neutral	Two girls -LRB- one dressed in blue , and one dressed in pink -RRB- are errand one another on rollerskates .	The winner gets a free soda .
neutral	Two girl -LRB- one attired in blue , and one dressed in pink -RRB- are races one another on rollerskates .	The winner gets a free soda .
neutral	Two girls -LRB- one clothed in blue , and one clothed in pink -RRB- are races one another on rollerskates .	The winner gets a free soda .
neutral	A juveniles female wearing jeans and a grey sweater walks across an hollow street .	A females is on her manner home .
neutral	A miners female wearing jeans and a grey jumper walks across an hollow street .	A females is on her way home .
neutral	A teens female wearing jeans and a gray sweater walks across an hollow street .	A females is on her way home .
neutral	A males with a monumental mustache watches the barber conduct his work through the mirrored that faces him .	A masculine is getting his face shaved for his party .
neutral	A man with a heavy mustache clocks the barber conduct his work through the mirrors that confronts him .	A man is getting his face shaved for his parties .
neutral	A mens with a enormous mustache clocks the barber conduct his work through the mirror that confronts him .	A men is getting his face shaved for his party .
neutral	A grouping of seven persons wearing whitewater gear , white water raft down a river .	Seven man and females are in a yellow vessel .
neutral	A group of seven persons wearing rafting gear , white water raft down a river .	Seven male and females are in a yellow navigator .
neutral	A groups of seven persons wearing rafting gear , white water raft down a river .	Seven males and females are in a yellow yacht .
neutral	Woman wearing green pants , blue jacket and sunhat carrying food in baskets that are hung over her shoulder .	The friends retire home after going to the farmer 's market
neutral	Woman wearing green panties , blue jacket and sunhat carry food in baskets that are hung over her shoulder .	The friends retires home after going to the farmer 's market
neutral	Woman wearing green slacks , blue jacket and sunhat carry food in baskets that are hung over her shoulder .	The friends retirement home after going to the farmer 's market
neutral	Two people wearing green raincoats sit in blue bleachers that are otherwise hollow .	Two females in raincoat sit on the bleachers an hour avant the football game .
neutral	Two people wearing green raincoats sit in blue bleachers that are otherwise hollow .	Two women in raincoat sit on the bleachers an hour avant the football game .
neutral	Two people wearing green raincoats sit in blue bleachers that are otherwise empty .	Two women in raincoat sit on the bleachers an hour before the football game .
neutral	A pathway crew is working on a routes with equipment around them .	A road crew in orange vests are working on a routing with equipment around them .
neutral	A pathway crew is working on a road with equipment around them .	A routing crew in orange vests are working on a pathway with equipment around them .
neutral	A paths crew is working on a road with equipment around them .	A routes crew in orange vests are working on a routing with equipment around them .
neutral	A younger couple is walking across a crosswalk outside with a very busy bus halting behind them .	The couple are walking away from the wrong bus stop .
neutral	A younger couple is walking across a crosswalk outdoor with a very busy bus stopping behind them .	The couple are walking away from the wrong bus stopping .
neutral	A cadet couple is walking across a crosswalk outer with a very busy bus stopping behind them .	The couple are walking away from the wrong bus stop .
neutral	Two males in negro jackets behind a white handrail .	The two masculine are friends
neutral	Two males in black blazers behind a white handrail .	The two male are friends
neutral	Two masculine in black jackets behind a white handrail .	The two males are friends
neutral	an archaic woman walking down the street .	An seniors women is walking to her drugs appointments .
neutral	an older woman walking down the street .	An elders women is walking to her drugs appointment .
neutral	an outdated woman walking down the street .	An archaic women is walking to her doctor appointments .
neutral	An age woman walking down the street .	A female on her way to church .
neutral	An outdated woman walking down the street .	A female on her way to church .
neutral	An older female walking down the street .	A females on her manner to church .
neutral	Two petite boys wearing athletics jackets are washes their hands in a public toilet .	They were play soccer .
neutral	Two petite boys wearing athlete jackets are washes their hands in a public tub .	They were playing soccer .
neutral	Two small boys wearing athletes blazers are washing their hands in a public bathtub .	They were play soccer .
neutral	A male holding a sign of a rainbow elephant .	The individuals is a homosexual Republican .
neutral	A masculine holding a sign of a rainbow elephant .	The individuals is a gay Republican .
neutral	A males holding a sign of a rainbow elephant .	The persons is a gay Republican .
neutral	A mens play fetch with two brown dogs .	The dogs are adopted .
neutral	A man play fetch with two brown dogs .	The dogs are adopted .
neutral	A men play fetch with two brown dogs .	The dogs are adopted .
neutral	A men attired all in black puts his hands on an art sculpture .	The mens is stolen a sculpture
neutral	A male attired all in black puts his hands on an art sculpture .	The male is robbery a sculpture
neutral	A men attired all in negro puts his hands on an art sculpture .	The men is stolen a sculpture
neutral	This youths is getting a pedicure .	Child getting pedicure with mommy .
neutral	This miners is getting a pedicure .	Child getting pedicure with momma .
neutral	This minor is getting a pedicure .	Child getting pedicure with moms .
neutral	A black-haired woman with her hairdo in a high bun is having her head shaved by another females .	A tall individuals with hair
neutral	A black-haired women with her hairdo in a high bun is having her head shaved by another females .	A tall person with hair
neutral	A black-haired females with her hair in a high bun is having her head shaved by another females .	A tall individuals with hair
neutral	Instructor on Basket weaving at fair	A basket weaver teaching a class at the fair .
neutral	Instructor on Basket weaving at fair	A basket weaver teaching a class at the fair .
neutral	Instructor on Basket weaving at fair	A basket weaver teaching a class at the fair .
neutral	Two mens , one in a blue shirt and one in a green shirt analyse a piece of paper in the medium of a workshop spheres .	The colleagues are discussing a work related paper in their shop .
neutral	Two males , one in a blue shirt and one in a green shirt analyzing a piece of paper in the medium of a workshop areas .	The colleagues are discussing a work linked paper in their shop .
neutral	Two men , one in a blue shirt and one in a green shirt analyze a piece of paper in the medium of a workshop area .	The coworkers are discussing a work linked paper in their shop .
neutral	Two small boys in blue soccer uniformed use a timber set of steps to washes their hands in an adult-sized toilet .	The boys just wins their soccer game
neutral	Two petite boys in blue soccer standardized use a lumber set of steps to washing their hands in an adult-sized bathroom .	The boys just won their soccer game
neutral	Two small boys in blue soccer uniform use a timber set of steps to wash their hands in an adult-sized restroom .	The boys just won their soccer game
neutral	Two men , one in a blue shirt and one in a green shirt analyse a piece of paper in the medium of a workshop sphere .	The males are discussing their blueprints .
neutral	Two man , one in a blue shirt and one in a green shirt analyse a piece of paper in the medium of a workshop sphere .	The men are discussing their blueprints .
neutral	Two men , one in a blue shirt and one in a green shirt analyzing a piece of paper in the middle of a workshop sphere .	The male are discussing their blueprints .
neutral	A individuals with braided hair and a grey sweatshirt covers his mouth and sits in a purple chair .	A male sits in a chair on a date show .
neutral	A persons with braided hairdo and a grey sweatshirt covers his mouth and sits in a purple chair .	A man sits in a chair on a date show .
neutral	A individuals with braided hairdo and a gray sweatshirt covers his mouth and sits in a purple chairs .	A masculine sits in a chairs on a dating show .
neutral	A wall hung with multicolored crosses is visible behind the groups of kids man as they converse .	Young man are conversation abuot love
neutral	A wall hung with multicolored crosses is visible behind the groups of youths mens as they opposite .	Young masculine are talking abuot love
neutral	A wall hung with multicolored crosses is visible behind the groups of teenaged male as they opposite .	Young male are conversations abuot love
neutral	A small girls is swinging .	a underage dame plays outside
neutral	A small daughters is swinging .	a young dame plays outside
neutral	A petite daughters is swinging .	a kids lady plays outside
neutral	A panels of man playing rugby on the sand .	A rugby team plays a match at the beach .
neutral	A groups of masculine play rugby on the sand .	A rugby team plays a matching at the beach .
neutral	A panel of men play rugby on the sand .	A rugby team plays a matching at the beach .
neutral	A bundled up toddler is walking over snowy .	A toddler is very cold .
neutral	A bundle up toddler is walking over snowy .	A toddler is very colder .
neutral	A bundle up toddler is walking over snowy .	A toddler is very cold .
neutral	People leap over a mountain crevasse on a rope .	Some people look visually afraid to jump .
neutral	People leap over a mountain crevasse on a rope .	Some people look visually afraid to jump .
neutral	People leap over a mountain crevasse on a rope .	Some people look visually afraid to leap .
neutral	A robed dancer holding fire stick entertains a crowd .	A dancer about to breathe fire out before the crowd .
neutral	A robed dancer holding fire stick entertains a crowd .	A dancer about to breath fire out prior the crowd .
neutral	A robed dancer holding fire stick entertains a crowd .	A dancer roughly to breathing fire out before the crowd .
neutral	A topless men straps surfboards on top of his blue car .	A men is heading out to the beach for a day of surf .
neutral	A topless man straps surfboards on top of his blue vehicles .	A man is header out to the beach for a day of surfer .
neutral	A topless masculine straps surfboards on top of his blue motor .	A masculine is heading out to the beach for a day of surfer .
neutral	A women is using a small scissors on a hefty netted .	A females is using petite scissors on a basketball netted .
neutral	A female is using a little scissors on a immense net .	A females is using petite scissors on a basketball netted .
neutral	A women is using a small scissors on a big netted .	A woman is using little scissors on a basketball net .
neutral	A minors bowling at the bowling alley .	A daughters is bowling against her dad .
neutral	A miner billiard at the billiard alley .	A daughters is bowling against her dad .
neutral	A minors snooker at the snooker alleyway .	A daughters is billiard against her dad .
neutral	A panel of people celebrating in the street .	People are celebrating their friend 's birthday
neutral	A group of people celebrating in the street .	People are celebrating their friend 's birthday
neutral	A panel of people celebrating in the street .	People are celebrating their friend 's birthday
neutral	Three teens men in a kitchen standing around a stove , one of them is stirring something in a pot .	The man are cook dinner .
neutral	Three juvenile masculine in a kitchen standing around a stove , one of them is stirring something in a pot .	The male are cook dinner .
neutral	Three miner masculine in a kitchen standing around a stove , one of them is stirring something in a pot .	The masculine are cook dinner .
neutral	Two female wearing red are smiling at the camera .	Posing for a photographic the women wore the same red smock
neutral	Two women wearing red are smiling at the camera .	Posing for a image the women wore the same red smock
neutral	Two females wearing red are smiling at the camera .	Posing for a picture the woman wore the same red smock
neutral	A long jumper takes flight in an try to leap the longest distance possible in a track contest .	A long sweater tries to beat the individuals avant him , but he has n't performed well recently .
neutral	A lengthy jumper takes flight in an try to leap the longest distance possible in a track competition .	A lengthy sweater tries to beat the person avant him , but he has n't performed well recently .
neutral	A lengthy jumper takes flight in an try to leap the longest distance possible in a track competitions .	A long sweater tries to beat the persons avant him , but he has n't performed well recently .
neutral	A man and female look through CD 's at a street providers .	A men and female taking a break
neutral	A males and women look through CD 's at a street seller .	A man and women taking a break
neutral	A males and women look through CD 's at a street salesmen .	A male and females taking a break
neutral	Six people are riding camel and being led in a straight line across a gently rising sandy sloping with mountains in the background , by a mens walking and holding the tether of the lead camel .	Many people are looking for an oasis in the desert .
neutral	Six people are riding camel and being led in a straight line across a gently rising sandy slanted with mountains in the background , by a men walking and holding the tether of the lead camel .	Many people are searching for an oasis in the deserts .
neutral	Six people are riding camel and being led in a straight line across a gently rising sandy slope with mountains in the background , by a men walking and holding the tether of the lead camel .	Many people are searches for an oasis in the deserts .
neutral	Six people are riding camel and being led in a straight line across a gently rising sandy slanted with mountains in the background , by a male walking and holding the tether of the lead camel .	Many people are being led through the deserts on the backs on camel .
neutral	Six people are riding camels and being led in a straight line across a gently rising sandy slope with mountains in the background , by a male walking and holding the tether of the lead camels .	Many people are being led through the deserts on the backs on camel .
neutral	Six people are riding camel and being led in a straight line across a gently rising sandy angled with mountains in the background , by a mens walking and holding the tether of the lead camel .	Many people are being led through the deserts on the backs on camel .
neutral	A naked man rides a motorbike .	A hairless red haired male on a motorbikes on a busy street .
neutral	A hairless men rides a cyclist .	A bare red haired man on a mopeds on a busy street .
neutral	A naked man rides a bicycle .	A bare red haired men on a bicycle on a busy street .
neutral	A petite girl in a colorful shirt holding a flower .	THe daughter is cute
neutral	A petite girl in a colorful shirt holding a flowers .	THe daughters is cute
neutral	A petite daughter in a colorful shirt holding a flowers .	THe daughter is cute
neutral	This person is walking down the street and talking on their notebook on a windy day .	The person on the phone is complaining about how windy it is outdoor .
neutral	This persons is walking down the street and conversations on their mobile on a windy day .	The person on the phone is complaining roughly how windy it is exterior .
neutral	This individuals is walking down the street and conversations on their movable on a windy day .	The individuals on the phones is complaining approximately how windy it is outboard .
neutral	Three people are posing on the side of a mountain .	They are all smiling .
neutral	Three people are posing on the side of a mountain .	They are all smiling .
neutral	Three people are posing on the side of a mountain .	They are all smiling .
neutral	Young girl in an bathing suit falling off the end of a slide into a pool .	A children at a birthday party , plays with other teenagers , laughing and yell .
neutral	Young girl in an bathing suit falling off the end of a slide into a pool .	A youths at a birthday parties , plays with other child , laugh and shouting .
neutral	Young girls in an bathing suit falling off the end of a slide into a pool .	A kid at a birthday parties , plays with other youths , laugh and screaming .
neutral	Naked teen playing on the muddy riverbank .	THE NUDE KIDS PLAYED ON THE RIVERBANK IN THE MUD JUST TO HAVE A MUD BATH
neutral	Naked young play on the muddy riverbank .	THE NUDE KIDS PLAYED ON THE RIVERBANK IN THE MUD JUST TO HAVE A MUD BATH
neutral	Naked youthful playing on the muddy riverbank .	THE NUDE KIDS PLAYED ON THE RIVERBANK IN THE MUD JUST TO HAVE A MUD BATH
neutral	A female swimmer wearing a pink costume comes out of the water in a pool , making a splash .	There is a women swimming .
neutral	A women swimmer wearing a pink costume comes out of the water in a pool , making a splash .	There is a female swimming .
neutral	A females swimmer wearing a pink costume comes out of the water in a pool , making a splash .	There is a woman swim .
neutral	A women swimmer wearing a pink costume comes out of the water in a pool , making a splash .	The synchronize swimmer is performing at the Olympics .
neutral	A women swimmer wearing a pink costume comes out of the water in a pool , making a splash .	The sync swimmer is performing at the Olympics .
neutral	A females swimmer wearing a pink costume comes out of the water in a pool , making a splash .	The synchronize swimmer is performing at the Olympics .
neutral	A silhouette of a mens fishing .	A masculine took a fishing trip .
neutral	A silhouette of a mens fishing .	A males took a fishing trips .
neutral	A silhouette of a mens fishing .	A masculine took a fishing voyage .
neutral	A male hammering nails on a shed .	The men is making repair .
neutral	A men hammering nails on a shed .	The males is making repairs .
neutral	A men hammering nails on a shed .	The males is making mend .
neutral	A mens hammering nails on a shed .	The males is a handyman .
neutral	A males hammering nails on a shed .	The masculine is a handyman .
neutral	A men hammering nails on a shed .	The mens is a handyman .
neutral	Two casually-dressed mens , one in a cowboy hat and one in a baseball caps , make their manner through a crowd .	The ceiling is a Yankee caps .
neutral	Two casually-dressed mens , one in a cowboy hat and one in a baseball caps , make their manner through a crowd .	The ceiling is a Yankee chap .
neutral	Two casually-dressed male , one in a cowboy hat and one in a baseball ceiling , make their way through a crowd .	The chaps is a Yankee ceiling .
neutral	Two men wearing dirty garment are sitting on a sidewalk with their dog and begging for finances using a cardboard sign .	Two researching investigator conduct researching in conceal .
neutral	Two men wearing dirty sportswear are sitting on a sidewalk with their dog and begging for funds using a cardboard sign .	Two researching scientist conduct research in disguise .
neutral	Two men wearing dirty clothes are sitting on a sidewalk with their dog and begging for funds using a cardboard sign .	Two researching researcher conduct researching in disguise .
neutral	Asian class posing for photos with Stormtrooper	The class is holding hands .
neutral	Asian class posing for photographs with Stormtrooper	The class is holding hands .
neutral	Asian class posing for photography with Stormtrooper	The class is holding hands .
neutral	A policemen officers standing next his cops bicycles holding a yellow safety jacket .	A bicycles officer getting prepared for patrol .
neutral	A policing officers standing next his policeman cyclist holding a yellow safety jacket .	A cycling officer getting prepared for patrolling .
neutral	A policeman officer standing next his policeman bike holding a yellow safety jacket .	A bicycles officer getting poised for patrolling .
neutral	Two adolescents daughter in bathing suits laughing while standing under a fountain of water .	Two children girls in bathing suits are standing under a fountain of water at an amusement park with their families .
neutral	Two young daughters in bathing suits laughing while standing under a fountain of water .	Two young girls in bathing suits are standing under a fountain of water at an amusement park with their families .
neutral	Two child girls in bathing suits laugh while standing under a fountain of water .	Two adolescence girl in bathing suits are standing under a fountain of water at an amusement park with their family .
neutral	A men wearing a businesses suit holds up a drink as the other laughs .	some masculine drinking at the bar together
neutral	A masculine wearing a corporation suit holds up a drank as the other laughs .	some men drinking at the bar together
neutral	A male wearing a corporations suit holds up a drink as the other laughs .	some male drinking at the bar together
neutral	Two street people and a dog sitting on the ground and one is holding an `` out of chances '' sign .	the dog is a chihuahua
neutral	Two street people and a dog sitting on the ground and one is holding an `` out of chance '' sign .	the dog is a chihuahua
neutral	Two street people and a dog sitting on the ground and one is holding an `` out of opportunity '' sign .	the dog is a chihuahua
neutral	Clowning around in the bathrooms , toothpaste makeup !	fooling around in the lavatory getting ready for school
neutral	Clowning around in the bathrooms , toothpaste makeup !	fooling around in the toilet getting prepared for school
neutral	Clowning around in the bathtub , toothpaste makeup !	fooling around in the tub getting ready for school
neutral	A female weary from her long day takes a nap on her bed above the sheets and covers .	An older women is taking a nap .
neutral	A females tired from her lengthy day takes a nap on her bed above the sheets and covers .	An ancient female is taking a nap .
neutral	A females fatigued from her long day takes a nap on her bed above the sheets and covers .	An antiquated woman is taking a nap .
neutral	A woman exterior in the snow holds a container that produces steam .	A female about to make hot water turn into snowy by throwing the hot water in the aviation .
neutral	A women exterior in the snow holds a container that produces vapor .	A female about to make hot water turn into snowy by throwing the hot water in the midair .
neutral	A female outdoor in the snowy holds a container that produces steamboat .	A females roughly to make hot water turn into snow by throwing the hot water in the plane .
neutral	You can see the bottom halves of three boys standing on a sidewalk with silly strings sprayed everywhere	The sidewalk is in New York .
neutral	You can see the bottom halves of three boys standing on a pavement with foolish string sprayed everywhere	The sidewalk is in New York .
neutral	You can see the bottom halves of three boys standing on a pavement with foolish strings sprayed everywhere	The sidewalk is in New York .
neutral	A males wearing a checkered shirt , cream suit and tennis shoes sits on a bench .	the guy is on the bench waiting for his wife
neutral	A mens wearing a checkered shirt , cream suit and tennis footwear sits on a bench .	the guy is on the bench waiting for his wife
neutral	A mens wearing a checkered shirt , cream suit and tennis shoe sits on a bench .	the guy is on the bench wait for his wife
neutral	A masculine siting on a bench with a briefcase .	The mens is waiting for the bus to take him to the airfield .
neutral	A men siting on a bench with a briefcase .	The mens is waiting for the bus to take him to the airfield .
neutral	A masculine siting on a bench with a briefcase .	The men is waiting for the bus to take him to the airfield .
neutral	Person in yellow T-shirt is slumber .	A individuals is slumber on a park bench .
neutral	Person in yellow T-shirt is slept .	A persons is slumber on a park bench .
neutral	Person in yellow T-shirt is sleep .	A persons is slept on a park bench .
neutral	The blond daughter is openings her drank as she speaks to the individuals with her .	A daughters is open a Diet Coke while discussions to her boyfriend .
neutral	The blond daughter is open her drank as she speaks to the persons with her .	A girls is open a Diet Coke while talking to her boyfriend .
neutral	The blond girl is open her drank as she speaks to the person with her .	A girl is openings a Diet Coke while talking to her boyfriend .
neutral	Group of male standing in a meeting rooms , discussions .	A group of male are discussing ventures .
neutral	Group of man standing in a meeting room , talking .	A panels of males are discussing business .
neutral	Group of male standing in a meetings rooms , talking .	A panels of men are discussing corporate .
neutral	A men and a teenager daughters swim .	a fathers and daughter swim together
neutral	A masculine and a adolescent daughters swim .	a fathers and girl swim together
neutral	A masculine and a smaller girls swimming .	a father and daughter swimming together
neutral	Two homeless masculine attired in gray sit against a wall with a sleep dog on a purple leash .	Two friends sit against a wall with their pet dog .
neutral	Two homeless man clothed in gray sit against a wall with a slumber dog on a purple leash .	Two friends sit against a wall with their pet dog .
neutral	Two homeless males clothed in gray sit against a wall with a slumber dog on a purple leash .	Two friends sit against a wall with their pet dog .
neutral	A masculine in a competitive field athletics jumps into sand and his spectacles fall off .	A long sweater 's goggles fall off .
neutral	A masculine in a competitive field sports jumps into sand and his sunglasses fall off .	A lengthy jumper 's sunglasses fall off .
neutral	A male in a competitive field sports jumps into sand and his eyeglasses fall off .	A long sweater 's spectacles fall off .
neutral	People audit out a car with all its doors opened in a parking lot in the city .	People are admiring the car
neutral	People audit out a cars with all its doors opening in a parking lot in the town .	People are admiring the car
neutral	People checks out a vehicles with all its doors open in a parking batch in the town .	People are admiring the car
neutral	A males in a dark long rainproof jacket but dried hairstyle walks to the left in a city that has recently rained .	the males is forty
neutral	A males in a dark long rainproof jacket but dried hair walks to the left in a city that has recently rained .	the man is forty
neutral	A male in a dark long rainproof jacket but dehydrated hairdo walks to the left in a city that has recently rained .	the mens is forty
neutral	A women doing gymnastic , she is using the balance beam	A woman is doing a handstand on the balances beam .
neutral	A female doing gymnastic , she is using the balance beam	A women is doing a handstand on the balance beam .
neutral	A female doing gymnastic , she is using the balance beam	A woman is doing a handstand on the balance beam .
neutral	a snowboarder wearing a green hat is riding along a metal railing .	A snowboarder in a green hat rides along a metal railing in a competitions .
neutral	a snowboarder wearing a green hat is riding along a metals railing .	A snowboarder in a green hat rides along a metals railing in a contest .
neutral	a snowboarder wearing a green hat is riding along a metal railing .	A snowboarder in a green hat rides along a metals railing in a contest .
neutral	Two NHL hockey gamers prepare to tussle over a puck during a face off .	The players begun a tussle to continued a previous disagreement .
neutral	Two NHL hockey players prepare to combat over a puck during a face off .	The players started a fight to continue a previous disagreement .
neutral	Two NHL hockey gamers prepare to fights over a puck during a face off .	The gamers starts a battle to unbroken a earlier disagreement .
neutral	Three bridesmaids in blue dresses hold the train of a bride 's marries attire .	The people are practice at a marry recital .
neutral	Three bridesmaids in blue dresses hold the train of a bride 's weddings attire .	The people are practising at a marries recital .
neutral	Three bridesmaids in blue dresses hold the train of a bride 's married attire .	The people are practising at a wedding recital .
neutral	Man registers a videotape of a females .	A women is unknowing being recordings by a males .
neutral	Man recorded a tapes of a females .	A females is unknowing being register by a men .
neutral	Man recordings a videotaped of a female .	A females is unknowing being registered by a men .
neutral	Man inscription a videos of a woman .	A man is taking a women on a dates .
neutral	Man registration a tapes of a woman .	A man is taking a female on a date .
neutral	Man registration a videos of a women .	A masculine is taking a woman on a dating .
neutral	Little boy getting soaked playing an outdoor water game .	A petite boy is running through the spray with his friends .
neutral	Little boy getting soaked playing an outdoor water games .	A petite boy is running through the spraying with his friends .
neutral	Little boy getting soaked play an outer water game .	A little boy is running through the spraying with his friends .
neutral	Firefighters in full gear are walking up a ladder .	The firefighter are trying to rescue a adolescents .
neutral	Firefighters in full gear are walking up a ladder .	The firefighting are trying to saves a child .
neutral	Firefighters in full gear are walking up a ladder .	The fireman are trying to saving a child .
neutral	A girl with curly hairdo and wearing a patriotic shirt is search at a monarch butterflies sitting on her left index finger .	A daughters captured a butterflies for a sciences fair project
neutral	A daughter with curly hairstyle and wearing a patriotism shirt is searching at a monarch butterfly sitting on her left index finger .	A daughter capture a butterflies for a science fair project
neutral	A girls with curly hairstyle and wearing a patriotism shirt is search at a monarch butterflies sitting on her left index finger .	A girls captured a butterflies for a sciences fair project
neutral	A chef in a kitchen cuts a piece off of a mammoth slab of rotating meat on a stick , probably lamb .	A chef is cooks up a 6-course menu for his close friends .
neutral	A chef in a kitchen cuts a piece off of a huge slab of rotating meat on a stick , probably lamb .	A chef is cooking up a 6-course menus for his close friends .
neutral	A chef in a kitchen cuts a piece off of a vast slab of rotating meat on a stick , probably lamb .	A chef is cooking up a 6-course menus for his close friends .
neutral	Three kids people are sitting in a room and conversation to one another .	There are people watching TV
neutral	Three smaller people are sitting in a rooms and talking to one another .	There are people watching TV
neutral	Three teenaged people are sitting in a room and conversation to one another .	There are people watching TV
neutral	Three adolescents people are sitting in a room and conversation to one another .	Three pupil are inquires for a test
neutral	Three teenaged people are sitting in a rooms and talking to one another .	Three students are explorer for a test
neutral	Three juveniles people are sitting in a rooms and conversation to one another .	Three students are vessel for a test
neutral	A gymnastics performer is in mid-pose as she completing her jump .	A gymnast is finishes her leap in the finals .
neutral	A gymnastic performer is in mid-pose as she complete her leap .	A gymnast is finishing her leap in the finals .
neutral	A gymnastic performer is in mid-pose as she completing her jump .	A gymnast is complete her leap in the finals .
neutral	A individuals with brown hair wearing a blue shirt and purple bandanna around their neck is chiseling a design into a round , brick pillar .	The brown haired individuals is a stone mason working on a rebuild project .
neutral	A person with brown hairdo wearing a blue shirt and purple bandanna around their neck is chiseling a design into a round , brick pillar .	The brown haired individuals is a stone mason working on a rebuild project .
neutral	A person with brown hair wearing a blue shirt and purple bandanna around their neck is chiseling a design into a round , brick pillar .	The brown haired individuals is a stone mason working on a recreate projects .
neutral	A man and a Woman chop dough .	A husband and wife making pizza .
neutral	A men and a Woman cut dough .	A husband and wife making pizza .
neutral	A men and a Woman chop dough .	A husband and wife making pizza .
neutral	A smaller boy wearing red Croc sandals climbs a tree with healthy , green leaves .	A children boy climbs an oak tree .
neutral	A teenagers boy wearing red Croc sandals climbs a tree with healthy , green leaves .	A teenage boy climbs an oak trees .
neutral	A minors boy wearing red Croc sandals climbs a tree with healthy , green leaves .	A miner boy climbs an oak tree .
neutral	A dog catching a Frisbee .	A terrier has leapt into the airlines to grab a Frisbee .
neutral	A dog catching a Frisbee .	A doggie has leapt into the aeroplane to grab a Frisbee .
neutral	A dog catching a Frisbee .	A terrier has leapt into the airways to grab a Frisbee .
neutral	A beautiful bride walking on a sidewalk with her newest husband .	Newlyweds walk down the sidewalk from the church .
neutral	A beautiful bride walking on a pavement with her newest husband .	Newlyweds walk down the sidewalk from the church .
neutral	A beautiful bride walking on a sidewalk with her newer husband .	Newlyweds walk down the sidewalk from the church .
neutral	A males in a construction vest is searching at a vehicle .	A construction worker is searching outer .
neutral	A male in a construction vest is searches at a auto .	A construction worker is searching outboard .
neutral	A mens in a construction vest is searches at a auto .	A construction worker is quest outside .
neutral	Red capped male attired in white shirt and dark shorts is standing on petite green examined located water in tall grassy bank .	A mens wears a white Tommy Hilfiger shirt .
neutral	Red capped men attired in white shirt and dark shorts is standing on small green ships located water in tall grassy bank .	A mens wears a white Tommy Hilfiger shirt .
neutral	Red capped men clothed in white shirt and dark shorts is standing on little green investigation located water in tall grassy bank .	A males wears a white Tommy Hilfiger shirt .
neutral	People trying to get warming .	People are outdoor on a chilly day .
neutral	People trying to get warming .	People are exterior on a chilly day .
neutral	People trying to get warm .	People are outdoor on a icy day .
neutral	Three woman are sitting on a green bench searching out at the coasts .	The three woman are best friends .
neutral	Three women are sitting on a green bench quest out at the coastline .	The three female are best friends .
neutral	Three female are sitting on a green bench quest out at the coast .	The three female are best friends .
neutral	A yellow dog is running in a field near a mountain .	A yellow dog is pursues a rabbits in the field .
neutral	A yellow dog is running in a field near a mountain .	A yellow dog is hunting a bunny in the field .
neutral	A yellow dog is running in a field near a mountain .	A yellow dog is chase a rabbits in the field .
neutral	A male and two minors standing in front of an older building .	A males is standing with his sons .
neutral	A man and two teen standing in front of an elderly building .	A men is standing with his son .
neutral	A men and two miner standing in front of an elder building .	A males is standing with his son .
neutral	A man with two little boys making a purchasing from a females .	The mens with the small boys is buying a gift from the female 's store .
neutral	A men with two little boys making a buys from a female .	The male with the little boys is purchasing a gift from the woman 's boutique .
neutral	A males with two little boys making a purchases from a women .	The man with the little boys is purchases a gift from the female 's store .
neutral	Police officer wearing a brown uniform talks into a cordless mics .	A cop officers is wearing a mammoth helmet .
neutral	Police officers wearing a brown uniform talks into a wireless microphone .	A police officers is wearing a jumbo helmet .
neutral	Police officer wearing a brown uniform talks into a cordless microphone .	A policing officer is wearing a big helmet .
neutral	A small girl in a green shirt plays on a swing .	teen girl plays swing with his friend .
neutral	A petite daughters in a green shirt plays on a swing .	teen girls plays swing with his friend .
neutral	A little daughters in a green shirt plays on a swing .	teen daughters plays swing with his friend .
neutral	Three woman are dancing among the bamboo .	A grouping of woman on the dance floor decorated with bamboo .
neutral	Three women are dance among the bamboo .	A group of female on the dance floor decorated with bamboo .
neutral	Three women are dance among the bamboo .	A panels of female on the dance floor decorated with bamboo .
neutral	A men wearing noise-canceling headset and a breath mask works on a white sculpture .	a male wearing earphone working on a sculpture of his friend
neutral	A masculine wearing noise-canceling headsets and a breathes mask works on a white sculpture .	a man wearing handset working on a sculpture of his friend
neutral	A men wearing noise-canceling headphones and a breathe mask works on a white sculpture .	a men wearing headset working on a sculpture of his friend
neutral	A sculptor wearing yellow headset is chop stone .	The men is an artist .
neutral	A sculptor wearing yellow handset is chop stone .	The man is an artist .
neutral	A carver wearing yellow headsets is cut stone .	The male is an artist .
neutral	A men wearing black carving stone .	The men is very tall .
neutral	A male wearing negro carving stone .	The man is very tall .
neutral	A men wearing negro carving stone .	The male is very tall .
neutral	A little miner in a blue helmet is riding a bicycling with training wheels on it down a pebbled grassy trail .	A adolescence in a helmet rides a motorcycles with training wheels down to the park .
neutral	A small kids in a blue helmet is riding a motorcycle with training wheel on it down a pebbled grassy trail .	A youths in a helmet rides a bikes with training wheels down to the park .
neutral	A little teens in a blue helmet is riding a bikes with training wheels on it down a pebbled grassy trail .	A kids in a helmet rides a bike with training wheels down to the park .
neutral	A men in a negro tank top wearing a red whisky hat	A male getting braced to play golf .
neutral	A man in a black tank top wearing a red whisky hat	A males getting prepared to playing golf .
neutral	A men in a negro tank top wearing a red scottish hat	A mens getting poised to play golfer .
neutral	A mens on stages in the act of jumping , with a small boy in the background really enjoying it .	A boy happily clocks an acrobat jumping on a stages .
neutral	A man on stages in the act of jumping , with a petite boy in the background really enjoying it .	A boy happily clocks an acrobat jumping on a stages .
neutral	A mens on stage in the act of jumping , with a petite boy in the background really enjoying it .	A boy happily clocks an acrobat jumping on a stage .
neutral	A women wearing a beige sweater and black underpants talking to mens wearing black pants and top	The mens and females are engaged .
neutral	A women wearing a beige sweater and black slacks discussions to male wearing negro slacks and top	The man and females are engaged .
neutral	A women wearing a beige jumper and black slacks talking to man wearing black trousers and top	The male and female are engaged .
neutral	A youngsters woman in tight slacks talks to a man in the street .	A teens in tight jeans is speaking to a guy in the mid of the path .
neutral	A adolescence woman in tight underpants talks to a male in the street .	A kids in tight jeans is speaking to a guy in the middle of the paths .
neutral	A youths females in tight pants talks to a men in the street .	A minors in tight jeans is speaking to a guy in the middle of the routes .
neutral	On a bright and sonny day a man with blue trunks and white and blue shirt appears to be preparing to take a skiff ride	A male is roughly to take a ride in a white canoeing .
neutral	On a bright and sonny day a man with blue trunks and white and blue shirt appears to be preparing to take a rowboat ride	A masculine is roughly to take a ride in a white motorboat .
neutral	On a bright and sonny day a men with blue trunks and white and blue shirt appears to be preparing to take a skiff ride	A males is about to take a ride in a white dinghy .
neutral	Two females in black enjoying a lunch in a restaurant .	The restaurant is crowded
neutral	Two women in negro enjoying a lunch in a restaurant .	The restaurant is crowded
neutral	Two female in black enjoying a lunch in a restaurant .	The restaurant is crowded
neutral	Two teenage female , one with blond-hair in a ponytail , are sitting in a booths next to some potted plants .	Two women are sitting near to green plants
neutral	Two teenagers women , one with blond-hair in a ponytail , are sitting in a kiosk next to some potted plants .	Two women are sitting near to green plants
neutral	Two juvenile women , one with blond-hair in a ponytail , are sitting in a kiosk next to some potted plant .	Two women are sitting near to green plants
neutral	A woman with red-hair and a leather jacket holds a harp in front of a snow forest .	The females is naturally a red head .
neutral	A females with red-hair and a leather jacket holds a harp in front of a snowy woodland .	The female is naturally a red head .
neutral	A women with red-hair and a leather jacket holds a harp in front of a snow forester .	The females is naturally a red head .
neutral	Six people appearing to be planting something in the ground .	People are planting a vegetable garden
neutral	Six people appearing to be planting something in the ground .	People are planting a vegetable garden
neutral	Six people appearing to be planting something in the ground .	People are planting a vegetable garden
neutral	A males with a tattooing on his arm staring to the side with vehicle and buildings behind him .	A mens has lung tattoos on his arm .
neutral	A men with a tattoo on his arm staring to the side with car and buildings behind him .	A man has dragons tattoos on his arm .
neutral	A man with a tattooing on his arm staring to the side with vehicle and buildings behind him .	A males has lung tattoos on his arm .
neutral	A men with a latex glove and black t-shit is standing in front of a Chevy van .	a mens standing in front of a van waiting for his victim
neutral	A male with a latex glove and black t-shit is standing in front of a Chevy van .	a man standing in front of a van waiting for his victim
neutral	A mens with a latex glove and negro t-shit is standing in front of a Chevy van .	a mens standing in front of a van waiting for his victim
neutral	Two people standing behind a Sonoma display and a woman with a stroller on the other side .	A female has her girl in a stroller .
neutral	Two people standing behind a Sonoma display and a females with a stroller on the other side .	A woman has her daughters in a stroller .
neutral	Two people standing behind a Sonoma display and a woman with a stroller on the other side .	A females has her daughters in a stroller .
neutral	several brides wearing white dresses are holding red roses	They are sisters .
neutral	varying brides wearing white dresses are holding red roses	They are sisters .
neutral	myriad brides wearing white dresses are holding red roses	They are sisters .
neutral	A boy and girls kiss in the sunset .	A boy kisses his girlfriend on the beach .
neutral	A boy and girls kissing in the sunset .	A boy kisses his girlfriend on the beach .
neutral	A boy and girls kissing in the sunset .	A boy kisses his girlfriend on the beach .
neutral	A baby is eating aqua-colored cake very messily .	A baby eating cake celebrating it 's birthday .
neutral	A baby is eating aqua-colored cake very messily .	A baby eating cake celebrating it 's birthday .
neutral	A baby is eating aqua-colored cake very messily .	A baby eating cake celebrating it 's birthday .
neutral	A blond females in a black shirt is standing behind a counter .	The woman has her hairdo pulled back in a bun .
neutral	A blond women in a negro shirt is standing behind a counter .	The female has her hairdo pulled back in a bun .
neutral	A blond females in a black shirt is standing behind a counter .	The women has her hairstyle pulled back in a bun .
neutral	A male play a large stringed instrument on the street .	The masculine is performing for cash .
neutral	A man play a big stringed instrument on the street .	The masculine is performing for money .
neutral	A mens play a gigantic stringed instrument on the street .	The mens is performing for finance .
neutral	A mens playing a vast stringed instrument on the street .	There is a man entertaining outdoors .
neutral	A men play a jumbo stringed instrument on the street .	There is a men entertaining outdoors .
neutral	A man play a immense stringed instrument on the street .	There is a man entertaining outdoors .
neutral	A females cooking in an apron is smiling at the camera with two other cooking in the background .	A females is in a cook competition
neutral	A female cooking in an apron is smiling at the camera with two other cook in the background .	A females is in a cooks competition
neutral	A females cooks in an apron is smiling at the camera with two other cooking in the background .	A woman is in a cook competition
neutral	Two butchers are walking through their shop .	The holder of a very famous meat market are getting braced to open up shop .
neutral	Two butchers are walking through their shop .	The homeowner of a very famous meat markets are getting braced to opened up shop .
neutral	Two butchers are walking through their shop .	The owner of a very famous meat marketplace are getting poised to opening up shop .
neutral	A men in a white shirt speaks into a microphone as other mens gather behind him at a public event .	The mens speaking is the President of the United States .
neutral	A man in a white shirt speaks into a mics as other male gather behind him at a public events .	The male speaking is the President of the United States .
neutral	A males in a white shirt speaks into a mics as other men gather behind him at a public event .	The men speaking is the President of the United States .
neutral	A youths daughter is laugh and hunted pigeons on the street where other people are walking nearby .	A girl in pigtails laughs as she throws bread crumbs to the pigeons .
neutral	A miners daughters is laughing and chasing pigeons on the street where other people are walking vicinity .	A daughters in braids laughs as she throws bread crumbs to the pigeons .
neutral	A kid daughter is laughing and pursues pigeons on the street where other people are walking nearby .	A daughters in pigtails laughs as she throws bread crumbs to the pigeons .
neutral	Three people are riding a carriage pulled by four horses .	The horses are scrawny .
neutral	Three people are riding a carriage pulled by four horses .	The horses are scrawny .
neutral	Three people are riding a carriage pulled by four horses .	The horses are scrawny .
neutral	Black and yellow teams are trying to get the basketball in the targeting .	The two teams are both wearing white sneakers .
neutral	Black and yellow teams are trying to get the basketball in the targeting .	The two teams are both wearing white sneakers .
neutral	Black and yellow teams are trying to get the basketball in the goal .	The two teams are both wearing white sneakers .
neutral	People are coming down a notebook stairway built through a tunnel , which has three of those staircases .	Workers are revert from inspection .
neutral	People are coming down a portable staircase built through a tunnel , which has three of those staircases .	Workers are comeback from inspection .
neutral	People are coming down a cellphone staircase built through a tunnels , which has three of those staircases .	Workers are returns from inspection .
neutral	The boys are playing with Legos .	Boys are playing exterior .
neutral	The boys are play with Legos .	Boys are playing outdoor .
neutral	The boys are play with Legos .	Boys are play exterior .
neutral	A gymnast using a set of paralleled bars .	A miner gymnast is performing .
neutral	A gymnast using a set of paralleled bars .	A youngsters gymnast is performing .
neutral	A gymnast using a set of paralleled bars .	A adolescent gymnast is performing .
neutral	A men wearing a negro coat is walking .	A males walking home .
neutral	A men wearing a black coat is walking .	A men walking home .
neutral	A males wearing a black coat is walking .	A male walking home .
neutral	A groups of teenage playing with props	The juveniles are in a play .
neutral	A group of adolescents play with props	The kid are in a playing .
neutral	A group of children playing with props	The child are in a play .
neutral	A grouping of miner play with props	The juvenile are play with machine pistols .
neutral	A panel of miner play with props	The kid are playing with machine firearm .
neutral	A groups of teenagers playing with props	The teenaged are playing with machine revolver .
neutral	The squirrel sits straight up in the grass .	A chipmunk sits in the grass on a rainy day .
neutral	The squirrel sits straight up in the grass .	A chipmunk sits in the grass on a rainy day .
neutral	The chipmunk sits straight up in the grass .	A squirrel sits in the grass on a rainy day .
neutral	A crowd of people at a county fair watch three males agitate a monumental bull .	A fair is filled with crowds of grownup and minors .
neutral	A crowd of people at a county fair watch three men agitate a massive bull .	A fair is filled with crowds of grownup and juvenile .
neutral	A crowd of people at a county fair watch three masculine agitate a immense bull .	A fair is filled with crowds of grownups and minors .
neutral	A petite daughters in a grey shirt smiles as she brushes her teeth with a yellow and orange toothbrush .	A girls fakes a smile to brush her teeth .
neutral	A little daughters in a grey shirt smiles as she brushes her teeth with a yellow and orange toothbrush .	A girl fakes a smile to brush her teeth .
neutral	A little daughter in a gray shirt smiles as she brushes her teeth with a yellow and orange toothbrush .	A girls fakes a smile to brush her teeth .
neutral	An Asian women is standing on a paths with a basket on her head searches into a mirror she is holding in her hand .	A tall individuals standing
neutral	An Asian female is standing on a routing with a basket on her head quest into a mirror she is holding in her hand .	A tall person standing
neutral	An Asian woman is standing on a pathway with a basket on her head searching into a mirrored she is holding in her hand .	A tall persons standing
neutral	A males and a adolescents are purchasing ice cream from a male with a hand pushed ice cream cart .	A father is purchasing his daughter ice cream .
neutral	A masculine and a teens are purchase icing cream from a male with a hand pushed icing cream cart .	A father is purchasing his daughters frosting cream .
neutral	A males and a minors are purchase frosting cream from a men with a hand pushed frosting cream cart .	A father is purchasing his daughter icing cream .
neutral	A juvenile boy in an orange shirt and khaki underpants dots his toy at the camera while he stands in front of the fencing .	A juvenile in the middle of play cops and robbers poses with his toy gun
neutral	A youthful boy in an orange shirt and khaki underclothes dots his toy at the camera while he stands in front of the fences .	A adolescent in the medium of play policeman and robbers poses with his toy gun
neutral	A minor boy in an orange shirt and khaki trousers points his toy at the camera while he stands in front of the fences .	A teenaged in the medium of play cop and robbers poses with his toy gun
neutral	A photographed and assistants take a image of a men in a suit and a female in a frock in front of gigantic white columns and a yellow wall .	The photo is taking a photo of an elder male .
neutral	A photo and assistant take a image of a man in a suit and a females in a dress in front of hefty white columns and a yellow wall .	The photographing is taking a picture of an aging masculine .
neutral	A photograph and helpers take a photographic of a men in a suit and a woman in a dress in front of huge white columns and a yellow wall .	The photographic is taking a images of an old man .
neutral	A masculine with a striped negro and white shirt and a helmet cleans lumber floor while another one helping him on the background .	A men in a shirt and helmet is cleaning up as spill .
neutral	A man with a striped black and white shirt and a helmet cleans wood floor while another one assisting him on the background .	A men in a shirt and helmet is cleaning up as spill .
neutral	A men with a striped negro and white shirt and a helmet cleans woods floor while another one helping him on the background .	A male in a shirt and helmet is cleanup up as spill .
neutral	A dog jumps to catch a red ball outside .	the dog is at the beach
neutral	A dog jumps to catch a red ball outer .	the dog is at the beach
neutral	A dog jumps to catch a red ball exterior .	the dog is at the beach
neutral	A dog jumps to catch a red ball outside .	the dog likes to play catch .
neutral	A dog jumps to catch a red ball outer .	the dog likes to play catch .
neutral	A dog jumps to catch a red ball exterior .	the dog likes to playing catch .
neutral	Two woman martial artists demonstrate a kick for an audience .	Two women martial artists are teaching the audience how to kick for self-defense class .
neutral	Two women martial artists demonstrate a kick for an audience .	Two female martial artists are teaching the audience how to kick for self-defense class .
neutral	Two woman martial artists demonstrate a kick for an audience .	Two women martial artists are teaching the audience how to kick for self-defense class .
neutral	A men in a leather jacket and spectacles walks across an intersection while a mens in a gray sweatshirt and white hat looks on .	The men in the leather jacket is walking to his bicycle .
neutral	A masculine in a leather jacket and glasses walks across an crossroads while a male in a gray sweatshirt and white hat looks on .	The males in the leather jacket is walking to his bicycles .
neutral	A males in a leather jacket and glasses walks across an intersection while a mens in a gray sweatshirt and white hat looks on .	The men in the leather jacket is walking to his cycling .
neutral	A man wearing a white shirt and a hat , riding his moped , makes an obscene gesture to the photographer	The photos has angered that bike rider somehow .
neutral	A mens wearing a white shirt and a hat , riding his bike , makes an obscene gesture to the photographer	The photo has angered that bike rider somehow .
neutral	A male wearing a white shirt and a hat , riding his motorbikes , makes an obscene gesture to the photographer	The picture has angered that moped rider somehow .
neutral	A tour bus parked in a park .	The buss is halt for some photographer breaks for the tourists
neutral	A tour bus parked in a park .	The buss is stopping for some photograph breaks for the tourists
neutral	A tour bus parked in a park .	The buss is halt for some photographer breaks for the tourists
neutral	A man is standing in the doorway of a building .	The man is walking into a room .
neutral	A masculine is standing in the doorway of a building .	The man is walking into a room .
neutral	A males is standing in the doorway of a building .	The masculine is walking into a room .
neutral	Three man are carry a red knapsack into a sailboat with another person and studying in the background .	Some sailor get in a vessels .
neutral	Three men are carrying a red pockets into a navigate with another persons and examines in the background .	Some mariners get in a explore .
neutral	Three masculine are carrying a red handbag into a exploring with another persons and survey in the background .	Some seamen get in a boat .
neutral	A white and brown dog is standing on its back legs next to a woman and a tables with a gingerbread dwelling on it .	The dog is begging for a treating .
neutral	A white and brown dog is standing on its back legs next to a woman and a table with a gingerbread homes on it .	The dog is begging for a treating .
neutral	A white and brown dog is standing on its back legs next to a female and a tables with a gingerbread housing on it .	The dog is begging for a treating .
neutral	A females wearing a red coat stands on a wooden floor in front of numerous painting while two daughters sit on the floor at her feet .	Woman takes a break at a museum while her youthful sit by her footing .
neutral	A females wearing a red coat stands on a lumber floor in front of assorted paintings while two daughters sit on the floor at her foot .	Woman takes a break at a museum while her juvenile sit by her foot .
neutral	A woman wearing a red coat stands on a wooden floor in front of diverse painted while two girls sit on the floor at her footing .	Woman takes a break at a museum while her youths sit by her footing .
neutral	Construction workers on silo working on a building .	Men are repairing the gutters on a homes .
neutral	Construction workers on silo working on a building .	Men are repairing the gutters on a dwelling .
neutral	Construction workers on lifts working on a building .	Men are repairs the gutters on a homes .
neutral	Three man , who appear to be Asian , are conversing near a carved wall , while another man sits on a bench with his eyes closed .	A mens is asleep and dream while sitting on a bench .
neutral	Three mens , who appear to be Asian , are conversing near a carved wall , while another males sits on a bench with his eyes closed .	A masculine is asleep and dreaming while sitting on a bench .
neutral	Three men , who appear to be Asian , are conversing near a carved wall , while another masculine sits on a bench with his eyes closed .	A man is asleep and dreaming while sitting on a bench .
neutral	A white female wait in line .	There is a woman wait for a friend .
neutral	A white females wait in line .	There is a women wait for a friend .
neutral	A white women waiting in line .	There is a female wait for a friend .
neutral	A petite girl carries a cadet daughters on the sidewalk .	The girl are sister
neutral	A little girls carries a cadet girls on the sidewalk .	The girl are sister
neutral	A petite girls carries a cadet girl on the pavement .	The daughter are sister
neutral	A lady and a masculine in a hat watch baseball from the stands .	A females and her husband are at a baseball game .
neutral	A dame and a mens in a hat watch baseball from the stands .	A females and her husband are at a baseball games .
neutral	A lady and a masculine in a hat watch baseball from the stands .	A woman and her husband are at a baseball game .
neutral	People are sitting at table .	People are seated at tables at a wedding reception .
neutral	People are sitting at table .	People are seated at table at a marries reception .
neutral	People are sitting at tables .	People are seated at tables at a married reception .
neutral	Scientists frantically research ways to finally eliminate males baldness .	A panel of researcher are investigate a bald man while shaking their heads
neutral	Scientists frantically researching ways to finally eliminate men baldness .	A group of researchers are sailboat a bald mens while shaking their heads
neutral	Scientists frantically research ways to finally eliminate masculine baldness .	A group of scientist are explores a bald masculine while shaking their heads
neutral	Two men are quest through microscopes in a rooms .	There are biologists auditing for tissue abnormalities .
neutral	Two men are quest through microscopes in a rooms .	There are biologists checks for tissue abnormalities .
neutral	Two man are quest through microscopes in a rooms .	There are biologists check for tissue abnormalities .
neutral	A climber about to descend down a mountain with a blue helmet on .	A individuals starting to climbing down the mountain before it gets too dark .
neutral	A climber roughly to descend down a mountain with a blue helmet on .	A persons begin to climb down the mountain before it gets too dark .
neutral	A mountaineer about to descend down a mountain with a blue helmet on .	A individuals commence to climb down the mountain avant it gets too dark .
neutral	A women in blue underpants and a light-blue top looks down at her hand while standing near a dirty gray truck and surrounded by muddy ground .	The female in blue looks at her dirty hands and feels that they could use a good washes , as well as the filthy old truck .
neutral	A women in blue pants and a light-blue top looks down at her hand while standing near a dirty grey truck and surrounded by muddy ground .	The female in blue looks at her dirty hands and feels that they could use a good wash , as well as the filthy older truck .
neutral	A females in blue breeches and a light-blue top looks down at her hand while standing near a dirty grey truck and surrounded by muddy ground .	The female in blue looks at her dirty hands and feels that they could use a good wash , as well as the filthy elder truck .
neutral	A female in a red jacket walks down the street in the rain .	women dislikes rain , but walks through it anyway
neutral	A women in a red jacket walks down the street in the rain .	women dislikes rain , but walks through it anyway
neutral	A females in a red jacket walks down the street in the rain .	women dislikes rain , but walks through it anyway
neutral	A bald man is getting out of a small blue autos .	The man drive a blue vehicle .
neutral	A bald man is getting out of a small blue vehicular .	The mens drives a blue car .
neutral	A bald males is getting out of a petite blue autos .	The men drive a blue vehicular .
neutral	Woman adjusted her sunglasses .	Woman shift her goggles after reading .
neutral	Woman modified her spectacles .	Woman adjustment her eyeglasses after reading .
neutral	Woman adjustment her glasses .	Woman changed her goggles after reading .
neutral	Man holding torch of fire .	The fire is gigantic .
neutral	Man holding torch of fire .	The fire is enormous .
neutral	Man holding torch of fire .	The fire is heavy .
neutral	A juveniles boy wearing an orange uniform stands on the field near a colorful ball .	A boy is with a soccer ball .
neutral	A child boy wearing an orange uniform stands on the field near a colorful ball .	A boy is with a soccer ball .
neutral	A teen boy wearing an orange standardized stands on the field near a colorful ball .	A boy is with a soccer ball .
neutral	A men and a woman are holding hands on the shoreline of a lake .	A couple on vacation .
neutral	A men and a females are holding hands on the shore of a lake .	A couple on vacation .
neutral	A man and a female are holding hands on the shore of a lake .	A couple on vacation .
neutral	A groups of man on a beach are manhunt another man who is carry a ball .	The masculine just met today .
neutral	A grouping of masculine on a beach are hunt another male who is carry a ball .	The mens just met today .
neutral	A group of male on a beach are hunting another male who is carry a ball .	The man just met today .
neutral	Villagers pulling in the fish examining .	The villagers are preparing to go fishing .
neutral	Villagers pulling in the fishes battleship .	The villagers are preparing to go fishing .
neutral	Villagers pulling in the fishes ships .	The villagers are preparing to go fishing .
neutral	Man with tattooing is lies down in the sand next to a cow .	The males is at a farm .
neutral	Man with tattooing is lying down in the sand next to a cow .	The males is at a farm .
neutral	Man with tattooing is lie down in the sand next to a cow .	The mens is at a farm .
neutral	A panel stands and clocks two men , apparently dressed in some sorting of costume , wrestle on the ground .	the people are bet financial on this match
neutral	A group stands and watches two male , apparently attired in some sorts of costume , wrestle on the ground .	the people are wagering finance on this match
neutral	A panels stands and clocks two man , apparently dressed in some sort of costume , wrestle on the ground .	the people are gamble funding on this match
neutral	Two workers in green uniform are standing in an alley .	The workers are sibling .
neutral	Two workers in green standardized are standing in an alleyway .	The workers are sibling .
neutral	Two workers in green uniforms are standing in an alley .	The workers are sibling .
neutral	A snowboarder on a broad plains of snow	A snowboarder gliding over a field of snow
neutral	A snowboarder on a broad plain of snow	A snowboarder gliding over a field of snow
neutral	A snowboarder on a broad plain of snow	A snowboarder gliding over a field of snow
neutral	A mens wearing protected gear grinds down a huge metallic object .	The males is using a shredder wearing red protects gear .
neutral	A men wearing protects gear grinds down a gigantic metallic object .	The male is using a shredder wearing red protected gear .
neutral	A masculine wearing protect gear grinds down a hefty metallic object .	The man is using a grinder wearing red protect gear .
neutral	Two saving guys looking at a guy on a stretcher	A male on a stretcher after falling from the third floor .
neutral	Two savings guys searching at a guy on a stretcher	A mens on a stretcher after falling from the thirds floor .
neutral	Two rescue guys looking at a guy on a stretcher	A men on a stretcher after falling from the third floor .
neutral	Three child are play on a swing in the garden .	Three young are playing on a blue swing set .
neutral	Three adolescents are playing on a swing in the garden .	Three miner are play on a blue swing set .
neutral	Three adolescents are playing on a swing in the garden .	Three juvenile are playing on a blue swing set .
neutral	Three little young on a swing set ; one is upside down , one hanging from the top bar , and on a swing .	three youthful playing at recess
neutral	Three little miner on a swing set ; one is upside down , one hanging from the top bar , and on a swing .	three teenage playing at recess
neutral	Three petite youngsters on a swing set ; one is upside down , one hanging from the top bar , and on a swing .	three juveniles play at recess
neutral	A masculine , with a blue wrapping around his footing , is about to kick another mens , with a red cloth hanging from his belt , in the head .	a mens is going to kick another mens for robbery his watch
neutral	A masculine , with a blue wrapping around his feet , is about to kick another men , with a red cloth hanging from his belt , in the head .	a mens is going to kick another male for shoplift his watch
neutral	A man , with a blue wrapping around his feet , is approximately to kick another male , with a red cloth hanging from his belt , in the head .	a man is going to kick another males for stolen his watch
neutral	A teenage looks at a cacti garden .	A youths in a red shirt is searching at a vast cactus garden in the deserts .
neutral	A juveniles looks at a cactus garden .	A minor in a red shirt is search at a heavy cactus garden in the desert .
neutral	A miners looks at a cacti garden .	A minor in a red shirt is searching at a vast cactus garden in the desert .
neutral	A crowd of people shopping at a street marketplace in an urban spheres with buildings and a statue in background .	The crowd of people are shopping at a street market that selling fruits .
neutral	A crowd of people shopping at a street marketplace in an urban zone with buildings and a statue in background .	The crowd of people are shopping at a street market that sale fruits .
neutral	A crowd of people shopping at a street market in an urban spheres with buildings and a statue in background .	The crowd of people are shopping at a street market that sold fruits .
neutral	A masculine with revolver folded in front of his torso sitting next to at minimal one other individuals , laugh .	two people tell jokes
neutral	A man with firearms folded in front of his chest sitting next to at minimal one other persons , laugh .	two people tell jokes
neutral	A man with gunpoint folded in front of his torso sitting next to at lowest one other individuals , laughing .	two people tell jokes
neutral	A masculine and a women are showing their smaller their little baby .	The kid loves his newer fraternal .
neutral	A man and a females are showing their juvenile their little baby .	The teenaged loves his newest fraternal .
neutral	A males and a woman are showing their underage their petite baby .	The youthful loves his newer sibling .
neutral	A crowd of people in winter garb gather in the street against a backdrop of naked trees and snow .	It is icy and snowy outside .
neutral	A crowd of people in winter frock gather in the street against a backdrop of bare tree and snowy .	It is frigid and snow outdoor .
neutral	A crowd of people in winter garb gather in the street against a backdrop of nude tree and snow .	It is icy and snowy outer .
neutral	The three teenagers young played with some bathrooms paper in the grass .	The three adolescents adolescence are throwing the bathtub paper around .
neutral	The three youthful children played with some restrooms paper in the grass .	The three youths young are throwing the toilet paper around .
neutral	The three teen juvenile played with some lavatory paper in the grass .	The three miners youths are throwing the restrooms paper around .
neutral	Two men and one female play in a fountain of water .	The male and female are splashing each other in the fountain .
neutral	Two man and one woman play in a fountain of water .	The masculine and woman are splashing each other in the fountain .
neutral	Two man and one females play in a fountain of water .	The masculine and females are splashing each other in the fountain .
neutral	Two miner teens , one wearing a red striped shirt , are quest in through the window while an adult in a pink shirt clocks from behind .	A tall minor in a shirt
neutral	Two youths young , one wearing a red striped shirt , are quest in through the window while an grownup in a pink shirt watches from behind .	A tall minors in a shirt
neutral	Two teens underage , one wearing a red striped shirt , are search in through the window while an grownups in a pink shirt watches from behind .	A tall teens in a shirt
neutral	A males wearing a hat and carrying a bag	A men is carry a handbags full of bread .
neutral	A male wearing a hat and carry a bag	A mens is carrying a purse full of bread .
neutral	A man wearing a hat and carrying a bag	A men is carry a purses full of bread .
neutral	Men wearing painting sportswear are standing in the rain .	It 's raining heavily on a panels of mens .
neutral	Men wearing painted clothes are standing in the rain .	It 's raining heavily on a panels of man .
neutral	Men wearing painting sportswear are standing in the rain .	It 's raining heavily on a panels of male .
neutral	Three males are looking forward and laugh .	Three man are laugh at a joke
neutral	Three masculine are quest forwards and laugh .	Three masculine are laughing at a joke
neutral	Three male are searches forward and laugh .	Three masculine are laughing at a joke
neutral	A females on the sidewalk blocks the sun from her eyes to peer down the street .	A female is attempting to recognize a friend she thinks is approaching .
neutral	A female on the sidewalk blocks the sun from her eyes to peer down the street .	A female is attempting to recognize a friend she thinks is approaching .
neutral	A women on the pavement blocks the sun from her eyes to peer down the street .	A females is attempting to recognize a friend she thinks is approaching .
neutral	People standing at street corner in France .	A groups of people wait to cross a Parisian street .
neutral	People standing at street cornering in France .	A group of people wait to crossing a Parisian street .
neutral	People standing at street corner in France .	A grouping of people waiting to cross a Parisian street .
neutral	A teenaged is sticking her head out of the 0095 taxis taxis and scream .	A teen is yell at the person that nearly hit her cab taxis .
neutral	A young is sticking her head out of the 0095 taxi taxis and screams .	A kid is yelling at the individuals that almost hit her cab cab .
neutral	A miners is sticking her head out of the 0095 taxi cab and shout .	A teen is yelling at the persons that almost hit her taxis cab .
neutral	Three youths in bathing suits are play in foam	three child are taking a batch
neutral	Three teen in bathing suits are play in foam	three youths are taking a batch
neutral	Three youths in bathing suits are play in foam	three teenage are taking a batch
neutral	A persons just about to stand up while water-skiing , while people in the background watch and take photographer .	The individuals water-skiing is approximately to hit a large wave .
neutral	A individuals just roughly to stand up while water-skiing , while people in the background watch and take photographing .	The persons water-skiing is about to hit a mammoth wave .
neutral	A person just about to stand up while water-skiing , while people in the background watch and take photographic .	The persons water-skiing is approximately to hit a big wave .
neutral	A couple is taking a break from motorcycle .	a couple sit next to their cycle .
neutral	A couple is taking a break from cyclist .	a couple sit next to their biking .
neutral	A couple is taking a break from bicycles .	a couple sit next to their cycling .
neutral	A couple is taking a break from cycling .	two people park their motorbikes .
neutral	A couple is taking a break from bicycling .	two people park their bicycle .
neutral	A couple is taking a break from cycling .	two people park their bicycling .
neutral	A masculine and females stand in front of a white building and look at their hands .	A husband and wife look at their hands
neutral	A masculine and women stand in front of a white building and look at their hands .	A husband and wife look at their hands
neutral	A man and females stand in front of a white building and look at their hands .	A husband and wife look at their hands
neutral	A males with a cowboy hat and a gentlemen with glasses on his head are seated next to each other .	The two friends are reunited after years apart
neutral	A males with a cowboy hat and a gentleman with spectacles on his head are seated next to each other .	The two friends are reunited after years apart
neutral	A male with a cowboy hat and a gentlemen with spectacles on his head are seated next to each other .	The two friends are reunited after years apart
neutral	A man with a cowboy hat and a gentlemen with sunglasses on his head are seated next to each other .	The very differently attired males sit next to each other
neutral	A masculine with a cowboy hat and a gentlemen with goggles on his head are seated next to each other .	The very differently dressed man sit next to each other
neutral	A man with a cowboy hat and a gentlemen with goggles on his head are seated next to each other .	The very differently clothed masculine sit next to each other
neutral	A white dog is running on a rocky beach .	It is daylight .
neutral	A white dog is running on a rocky beach .	It is daytime .
neutral	A white dog is running on a rocky beach .	It is daytime .
neutral	Commuters waiting for to cross a street .	They waiting to cross Main Street .
neutral	Commuters wait for to crossed a street .	They wait to cross Main Street .
neutral	Commuters waiting for to cross a street .	They waiting to cross Main Street .
neutral	A man in a purple and blue shirt and shorts is getting readies to hit a golfer ball .	A males is on a golfer course .
neutral	A men in a purple and blue shirt and shorts is getting prepared to hit a golf ball .	A males is on a golf course .
neutral	A man in a purple and blue shirt and shorts is getting prepared to hit a golfing ball .	A male is on a golfing course .
neutral	Three people on cyclist are coming over a ridge , while a males in orange clocks .	People are in a cycle race .
neutral	Three people on bicycling are coming over a ridge , while a mens in orange watches .	People are in a bike racing .
neutral	Three people on bicycle are coming over a ridge , while a mens in orange watches .	People are in a moped race .
neutral	A man in a white t-shirt and jeans is holding a mallet and chisel next to his condensed sculpture which stands on multiple bricks .	A mens is trying to finishing his sculpture for a church
neutral	A man in a white t-shirt and jeans is holding a mallet and chisel next to his condensed sculpture which stands on differing bricks .	A male is trying to complete his sculpture for a church
neutral	A man in a white t-shirt and jeans is holding a mallet and chisel next to his abstract sculpture which stands on various bricks .	A man is trying to completes his sculpture for a church
neutral	Two newborn , one in red , asleep in their highchairs .	twins are asleep
neutral	Two infants , one in red , asleep in their highchairs .	twins are asleep
neutral	Two infant , one in red , asleep in their highchairs .	twins are asleep
neutral	Three masculine are playing soccer , two of them in blue uniforms and the other in a bright green uniform .	An intense game of soccer at the World Cup .
neutral	Three man are playing soccer , two of them in blue uniform and the other in a bright green uniformed .	An fierce games of soccer at the World Cup .
neutral	Three males are play soccer , two of them in blue uniformed and the other in a bright green uniformed .	An fierce game of soccer at the World Cup .
neutral	The masculine is excavating in the sand while others watch to see what he discovers .	a men is dig for gold .
neutral	The men is digs in the sand while others watch to see what he discovers .	a men is excavation for gold .
neutral	The masculine is digging in the sand while others watch to see what he discovers .	a men is excavating for gold .
neutral	This is a clown at an elementary school .	The juvenile at this school defintely all love clowns .
neutral	This is a clown at an primary school .	The child at this school defintely all love clowns .
neutral	This is a clown at an primary school .	The teenagers at this school defintely all love clowns .
neutral	This is a clown at an elementary school .	The clown is there to entertain .
neutral	This is a clown at an elementary school .	The clown is there to entertain .
neutral	This is a clown at an elementary school .	The clown is there to entertain .
neutral	A female in a white marries garb is being attired and fitted by two other female .	A women is being fitted for the first timing .
neutral	A woman in a white marries garb is being attired and fitted by two other woman .	A female is being fitted for the first timing .
neutral	A women in a white wedding garb is being attired and fitted by two other females .	A women is being fitted for the first times .
neutral	A female in a white married frock is being dressed and fitted by two other females .	A women got marry .
neutral	A female in a white marriage garb is being attired and fitted by two other woman .	A females got weddings .
neutral	A women in a white weddings frock is being attired and fitted by two other female .	A females got weddings .
neutral	A snowboarder on a extensive plain of snow	A snowmobile in a blizzard
neutral	A snowboarder on a broad plain of snow	A snowmobile in a blizzard
neutral	A snowboarder on a broad plains of snow	A snowmobile in a blizzard
neutral	A men is standing outer next to a garbage can .	A miner black masculine stands beside an overfilled garbage can .
neutral	A masculine is standing outboard next to a garbage can .	A minors negro male stands beside an overfilled garbage can .
neutral	A males is standing exterior next to a garbage can .	A juveniles black males stands beside an overfilled garbage can .
neutral	A youngsters female skateboarding on an outdoor basketball court in front of a mural .	The minor women is wearing a helmet .
neutral	A adolescents females skateboarding on an outside basketball courts in front of a mural .	The adolescent woman is wearing a helmet .
neutral	A adolescent female skateboard on an exterior basketball courts in front of a mural .	The youth woman is wearing a helmet .
neutral	A male walks three white dogs with smudges down a street with palm tree .	the dogs belong to the man
neutral	A male walks three white dogs with smudges down a street with palm trees .	the dogs belong to the man
neutral	A male walks three white dogs with stains down a street with palm trees .	the dogs belonging to the man
neutral	A little dark-haired girls runs on the beach .	The dark haired girl is running away from a wave .
neutral	A petite dark-haired daughter runs on the beach .	The dark haired daughters is running away from a wave .
neutral	A small dark-haired daughters runs on the beach .	The dark haired girls is running away from a wave .
neutral	A females in red blouse is standing with little blond minor in front of a small fold chalkboard .	a woman stands with her child
neutral	A women in red blouse is standing with petite blond miner in front of a small fold blackboard .	a female stands with her child
neutral	A females in red blouse is standing with little blond teenager in front of a little folding blackboard .	a woman stands with her child
neutral	Two men riding a examined in clear water on a sunny day .	Two mens fish in a yachting on a river on a sunny day .
neutral	Two males riding a probing in clear water on a sunny day .	Two masculine fishes in a navigate on a river on a sunny day .
neutral	Two male riding a studying in clear water on a sunny day .	Two man fish in a examines on a river on a sunny day .
neutral	A basketball player wearing blue and red is shooting a basket while bystanders sit outside the courts .	The basketball player is taking a foul shot .
neutral	A basketball player wearing blue and red is shooting a basket while onlookers sit exterior the court .	The basketball player is taking a foul shot .
neutral	A basketball player wearing blue and red is shooting a basket while bystanders sit outer the courts .	The basketball player is taking a foul shot .
neutral	A woman in a black leather shirt trench-coat and black leather calf-high boots and carrying a colorful rucksack with a shoulder strap confronts away from the camera with a yellow post visible just in front of her .	Several adolescents models in leather coats and boots are giving the cameramen a very good parade .
neutral	A female in a black leather shirt trench-coat and black leather calf-high boots and carrying a colorful knapsack with a shoulder strap faces away from the camera with a yellow post visible just in front of her .	Several young models in leather coats and boots are giving the cameramen a very good parade .
neutral	A woman in a negro leather shirt trench-coat and negro leather calf-high boots and carry a colorful rucksack with a shoulder strap confront away from the camera with a yellow post visible just in front of her .	Several youngsters models in leather coats and boots are giving the cameramen a very good parade .
neutral	A females in a black leather shirt trench-coat and negro leather calf-high boots and carry a colorful handbags with a shoulder strap faces away from the camera with a yellow post visible just in front of her .	Some stars are walking past the paparazzis and getting into an award building
neutral	A females in a negro leather shirt trench-coat and negro leather calf-high boots and carry a colorful handbags with a shoulder strap confronts away from the camera with a yellow post visible just in front of her .	Some stars are walking past the paparazzis and getting into an awards building
neutral	A women in a negro leather shirt trench-coat and black leather calf-high boots and carrying a colorful handbags with a shoulder strap confront away from the camera with a yellow post visible just in front of her .	Some stars are walking past the paparazzis and getting into an award building
neutral	Birds flying above the rolling waves of the marina .	Seagulls flying over the nautical .
neutral	Birds flying above the rolling waves of the marina .	Seagulls flying over the ocean .
neutral	Birds flying above the rolling waves of the ocean .	Seagulls flying over the naval .
neutral	Person parasailing with a board in the oceanic .	This individuals is searching at other people .
neutral	Person parasailing with a board in the navy .	This person is search at other people .
neutral	Person parasailing with a board in the oceanic .	This persons is quest at other people .
neutral	People gathered around a table with food and wines on it .	The family is sitting at Thanksgiving dinner , preparing to dine together .
neutral	People gathered around a table with food and wine on it .	The families is sitting at Thanksgiving dinner , preparing to dine together .
neutral	People gathered around a table with food and vineyard on it .	The families is sitting at Thanksgiving dinner , preparing to dine together .
neutral	A mens wearing a red shirt with the number 54 hits a baseball , while a catcher prepares to catch the ball .	A baseball games is going on in a park .
neutral	A masculine wearing a red shirt with the number 54 hits a baseball , while a catcher prepares to catch the ball .	A baseball game is going on in a park .
neutral	A men wearing a red shirt with the number 54 hits a baseball , while a catcher prepares to catch the ball .	A baseball games is going on in a park .
neutral	man attired in orange sportswear with face cover seemingly balance on a cane being held be a similarly dressed mens sitting crossing legged on the ground at a shopping mall .	Two clowns are performing at a mall .
neutral	male attired in orange garments with face covered seemingly balancing on a cane being held be a similarly attired masculine sitting crossed legged on the ground at a shopping mall .	Two clowns are performing at a mall .
neutral	man clothed in orange garment with face cover seemingly balancing on a cane being held be a similarly clothed man sitting crossed legged on the ground at a shopping mall .	Two clowns are performing at a mall .
neutral	A boy swims shirtless with a black and red bathing suit while a seagull sits on the sand .	A boy swims while a seagull shits on the sand .
neutral	A boy swims shirtless with a black and red bathing suit while a seagull sits on the sand .	A boy swims while a seagull shits on the sand .
neutral	A boy swims shirtless with a negro and red bathing suit while a seagull sits on the sand .	A boy swims while a seagull shits on the sand .
neutral	A man is resting in a little stream with a hat over his head while the petite waterfall is pouring in the background .	A males is trying to be closer to mature nature
neutral	A mens is rest in a petite stream with a hat over his head while the small waterfall is pouring in the background .	A men is trying to be closer to mature nature
neutral	A man is rest in a small stream with a hat over his head while the petite waterfall is pouring in the background .	A man is trying to be closer to mature nature
neutral	A female softball player in a negro and red uniform with a red batting helmet is holding her bat waiting for the pitch .	A tall persons in a uniform
neutral	A woman softball player in a negro and red standardized with a red batting helmet is holding her bat waiting for the pitching .	A tall individuals in a uniform
neutral	A woman softball player in a black and red uniforms with a red batting helmet is holding her bat waiting for the pitch .	A tall person in a uniform
neutral	Little boy in a green sweatshirt play with his toy train .	A boy is playing with his scale model train .
neutral	Little boy in a green sweatshirt play with his toy train .	A boy is playing with his scale model train .
neutral	Little boy in a green sweatshirt play with his toy train .	A boy is playing with his scaling model train .
neutral	Two men walking in summer attire .	Two men are walking down the sidewalk .
neutral	Two man walking in summer dress .	Two masculine are walking down the pavement .
neutral	Two man walking in summer frock .	Two masculine are walking down the sidewalk .
neutral	A adolescents man attired in a dark bathing suit exits from a swimming pool while water drips off his head and body .	The males competed in the swim competitions .
neutral	A adolescents males clothed in a dark bathing suit exits from a swimming pool while water drips off his head and agency .	The men competed in the swimming rivalry .
neutral	A teenager masculine attired in a dark bathing suit exits from a swimming pool while water drips off his head and bodies .	The male competed in the swim contest .
neutral	Cars and people are outer of `` Hotel Carmel . ''	People get out of vehicle for the parties at Hotel Carmel .
neutral	Cars and people are outside of `` Hotel Carmel . ''	People get out of auto for the party at Hotel Carmel .
neutral	Cars and people are outside of `` Hotel Carmel . ''	People get out of auto for the parties at Hotel Carmel .
neutral	A boy in an orange `` Spring Hill '' ball team uniformed , pitching the ball .	A boy plays pitcher for the first period .
neutral	A boy in an orange `` Spring Hill '' ball team standardized , pitch the ball .	A boy plays pitcher for the first schedules .
neutral	A boy in an orange `` Spring Hill '' ball team uniform , pitch the ball .	A boy plays pitcher for the first schedules .
neutral	Here is a photo of people getting drunken at a housing party .	Some people are by the side of a swim pool partying .
neutral	Here is a photographer of people getting drunken at a dwelling parties .	Some people are by the side of a swim pool partying .
neutral	Here is a photograph of people getting drunk at a homes parties .	Some people are by the side of a swimming pool partying .
neutral	Two male are running down a route and carrying a motorboat .	The mens are steal a canoe
neutral	Two mens are running down a paths and carry a canoeing .	The male are theft a canoe
neutral	Two men are running down a route and carry a canoe .	The men are stolen a canoe
neutral	Two women are speaking to each other , one sitting and facing away , while the other is standing in a white office .	The females are foe .
neutral	Two women are speaking to each other , one sitting and facing away , while the other is standing in a white office .	The female are enemy .
neutral	Two female are speaking to each other , one sitting and facing away , while the other is standing in a white office .	The female are enemies .
neutral	A woman wearing a yellow jacket ski down a snowy hill .	A females skis down a hill with a few friends .
neutral	A woman wearing a yellow jacket ski down a snowy hill .	A woman ski down a hill with a few friends .
neutral	A women wearing a yellow jacket skis down a snowy hill .	A females skis down a hill with a few friends .
neutral	Here is a image of people getting drunk at a housing parties .	Some people are holding beers in the photos .
neutral	Here is a photographing of people getting drunk at a homes parties .	Some people are holding beers in the pictures .
neutral	Here is a images of people getting drunken at a homes parties .	Some people are holding beers in the photographed .
neutral	Two enthusiasts are cheering at a athlete event .	Two men are cheering on the New York Yankees .
neutral	Two enthusiasts are cheers at a athlete events .	Two male are cheering on the New York Yankees .
neutral	Two followers are cheering at a sports event .	Two mens are cheering on the New York Yankees .
neutral	A men and a minors are laugh at each other .	A males and his girl are making funny faces .
neutral	A mens and a teen are laugh at each other .	A man and his daughter are making funny confront .
neutral	A men and a youths are laughing at each other .	A men and his girls are making funny confront .
neutral	A wet dog shaking off excess water in a field .	The dog volition comeback to the lake soon
neutral	A wet dog shaking off excess water in a field .	The dog will returns to the lake soon
neutral	A wet dog shaking off excess water in a field .	The dog volition returning to the lake soon
neutral	Here is a images of people getting drunken at a dwelling party .	People were celebrating at a Christmas themed party .
neutral	Here is a picture of people getting drunken at a dwelling party .	People were celebrating at a Christmas themed parties .
neutral	Here is a picture of people getting drunk at a housing party .	People were celebrating at a Christmas themed party .
neutral	A heavy grouping of demonstrators are walking down the street with signs .	The panel of demonstrators are promoted legalizing homosexual weddings .
neutral	A immense groups of protestors are walking down the street with signs .	The panels of demonstrators are promote legalizing homosexual marries .
neutral	A gigantic groups of protestors are walking down the street with signs .	The panel of demonstrators are promoted legalizing homosexual wedding .
neutral	A person swim in a swim pool .	A individuals embraces the cold
neutral	A person swim in a swimming pool .	A persons embraces the cold
neutral	A persons swim in a swimming pool .	A person embraces the cold
neutral	A person swim in a swimming pool .	A individuals enjoying the waters
neutral	A persons swimming in a swimming pool .	A individuals enjoying the waters
neutral	A individuals swim in a swim pool .	A person enjoying the waters
neutral	A boy with no shirt is standing in water .	He is outboard .
neutral	A boy with no shirt is standing in water .	He is outside .
neutral	A boy with no shirt is standing in water .	He is outer .
neutral	A boy with no shirt is standing in water .	He is wearing sunblock .
neutral	A boy with no shirt is standing in water .	He is wearing sunscreen .
neutral	A boy with no shirt is standing in water .	He is wearing sunblock .
neutral	GEntleman sketching on brown paper at Christmas .	The male sketched on paper for his girlfriend .
neutral	GEntleman sketching on brown paper at Christmas .	The men sketched on paper for his girlfriend .
neutral	GEntleman sketching on brown paper at Christmas .	The mens sketched on paper for his girlfriend .
neutral	Two mens with black sunglasses are holding food , one appears to be eating .	Two man at a party are inspects the appetizers .
neutral	Two male with negro goggles are holding food , one appears to be eating .	Two men at a parties are inspecting the appetizers .
neutral	Two masculine with black glasses are holding food , one appears to be eating .	Two mens at a party are reviewing the appetizers .
neutral	A mens in a green shirt and dark breeches and carrying a truly immense pot turns around to talk to 3 other people .	A huge person in a shirt
neutral	A man in a green shirt and dark slacks and carry a truly massive pot turns around to talk to 3 other people .	A hefty persons in a shirt
neutral	A male in a green shirt and dark slacks and carry a truly big pot turns around to talk to 3 other people .	A heavy person in a shirt
neutral	Two ladies in matching dresses and footwear , both wearing straw hats pulled down over their faces , are napping on a bench next to a rolling suitcase .	two ladies take a rest after a race
neutral	Two ladies in matching dresses and footwear , both wearing straw hats pulled down over their confront , are napping on a bench next to a rolling suitcase .	two ladies take a resting after a race
neutral	Two ladies in match dresses and shoes , both wearing straw hats pulled down over their faces , are napping on a bench next to a rolling luggage .	two ladies take a resting after a race
neutral	Man sitting on a bench , reading a book .	A male is doing something exterior .
neutral	Man sitting on a bench , reading a book .	A men is doing something outdoor .
neutral	Man sitting on a bench , reading a book .	A man is doing something outboard .
neutral	A women in an office making a phone call	A female is making a company phone calling .
neutral	A female in an office making a phone call	A female is making a corporate telephones calling .
neutral	A female in an office making a phone call	A woman is making a corporate telephones calling .
neutral	A busy street with several people interacting and going approximately their lives .	The morning hurry hour fills the streets with busy people .
neutral	A busy street with numerous people interact and going approximately their lives .	The morning hurry hour fulfills the streets with busy people .
neutral	A busy street with diverse people interacting and going about their lives .	The morning hurry hour fills the streets with busy people .
neutral	The large white bird grazes the water .	He is searches for fish
neutral	The heavy white fowl grazes the water .	He is search for fish
neutral	The hefty white bird grazes the water .	He is search for fish
neutral	A female with long hair pointing her camera skyward as she stands on a brick wall .	A woman is attempting to photograph a poultry in the skies .
neutral	A female with long hair pointing her camera skyward as she stands on a brick wall .	A female is attempting to photographs a poultry in the skies .
neutral	A female with long hairstyle pointing her camera skyward as she stands on a brick wall .	A females is attempting to images a poultry in the skies .
neutral	Two males wearing dingy blue clothes are doing their job on a browse .	Two man are on a battleship going to catch fish .
neutral	Two masculine wearing dingy blue clothes are doing their job on a investigating .	Two masculine are on a studies going to catch fish .
neutral	Two mens wearing dingy blue garment are doing their job on a vessel .	Two males are on a vessel going to catch fishes .
neutral	A women softball player wearing blue and red crouches in the infield , waiting for the next playing .	the player is pretty
neutral	A women softball player wearing blue and red crouches in the infield , waiting for the next playing .	the player is pretty
neutral	A woman softball player wearing blue and red crouches in the infield , waiting for the next playing .	the player is pretty
neutral	An aging female and a teenager man sailing their lottery cards .	A woman and men are auditing their lottery cards to see if they won
neutral	An aged female and a adolescence masculine navigation their lottery valentines .	A women and males are checked their bingo cards to see if they won
neutral	An antiquated female and a teens man studying their lotto cards .	A females and men are audit their lottery valentines to see if they won
neutral	A lady in a dark coat is sitting with several people around her .	A females is attempting an eating competitions at a festival .
neutral	A lady in a dark coat is sitting with several people around her .	A female is attempting an eating competitions at a festival .
neutral	A dame in a dark coat is sitting with various people around her .	A women is attempting an eating contest at a festival .
neutral	A moving truck with a ramp still attach .	A moving truck braced to move more belongings .
neutral	A moving truck with a ramp still attached .	A moving truck ready to move more belongings .
neutral	A moving truck with a ramp still attached .	A moving truck ready to move more belongings .
neutral	Two ancient man in companies attire are walking in a town , texts graffiti is visible on the pavement .	They hope to clean up the street together
neutral	Two aging male in business attire are walking in a town , text graffiti is visible on the sidewalk .	They hope to clean up the street together
neutral	Two age mens in corporation attire are walking in a city , text graffiti is visible on the sidewalk .	They hope to clean up the street together
neutral	A male laying down in mid of street during gigantic traffic .	The traffic made a guy fall asleep .
neutral	A man laying down in mid of street during massive traffic .	The traffic made a guy fall asleep .
neutral	A man laying down in mid of street during big traffic .	The traffic made a guy fall asleep .
neutral	3 Olympic winners posing for a photography on an advertised background	Some males are posing with their gold medal .
neutral	3 Olympic winners posing for a photo on an advert background	Some man are posing with their gold decorations .
neutral	3 Olympic winners posing for a photographing on an advertises background	Some men are posing with their gold decorations .
neutral	Two male working in a little mills .	Two men in a tool plants .
neutral	Two masculine working in a small factory .	Two mens in a tool plant .
neutral	Two man working in a little mills .	Two men in a tool plant .
neutral	A masculine in summer clothes skiing on thin snowy .	A masculine is snowboard on a warming day .
neutral	A men in summer garment snowboarding on thin snowy .	A mens is snowboarding on a warm day .
neutral	A males in summer apparel snowboarding on thin snow .	A male is snowboarding on a warming day .
neutral	While the players on the front lines of the football teams mingle , a kicker attired in a white and yellow jersey kicks the football .	A kicker karate off the game while the gamers mingle to surprise the other team .
neutral	While the gamers on the front lines of the football teams mingle , a kicker attired in a white and yellow jersey karate the football .	A kicker kicks off the games while the players mingle to surprise the other team .
neutral	While the players on the front lines of the football teams mingle , a kicker attired in a white and yellow jersey karate the football .	A kicker kicks off the games while the gamers mingle to surprise the other team .
neutral	A young is lying on the floor drawing a photography of a girl , with two other juvenile looking on .	A teenage draws a photographic of his crush
neutral	A juveniles is lie on the floor drawing a photographic of a daughter , with two other adolescent looking on .	A minors draws a photographing of his crush
neutral	A teenager is lies on the floor drawing a photographer of a girl , with two other youths searches on .	A adolescence draws a picture of his crush
neutral	People in chairs around a table	The people are eating dinner .
neutral	People in chair around a table	The people are eating dinner .
neutral	People in chair around a table	The people are eating dinner .
neutral	People in chairs around a table	The people have eybrows .
neutral	People in chairs around a table	The people have eybrows .
neutral	People in chair around a table	The people have eybrows .
neutral	A person rides up a restrained street on a bikes , past a spray-painted sign of a hand giving the peace sign .	A individuals riding a cyclist home after work .
neutral	A person rides up a restricted street on a bicycle , past a spray-painted sign of a hand giving the peace sign .	A individuals riding a motorcycle home after work .
neutral	A persons rides up a restrained street on a bicycles , past a spray-painted sign of a hand giving the peace sign .	A person riding a mopeds home after work .
neutral	Two people cross by each other while kite surf .	The people are both men .
neutral	Two people crossed by each other while kite surf .	The people are both mens .
neutral	Two people crossed by each other while kite surf .	The people are both mens .
neutral	A female in a yellow shirt is carrying two full red grocery purses .	A lady just finished shopping
neutral	A woman in a yellow shirt is carrying two full red grocery backpack .	A lady just finished shopping
neutral	A women in a yellow shirt is carrying two full red grocery purses .	A lady just finished shopping
neutral	A little boy is standing in front of a marriage parties laugh .	The petite boy is the ring bearer .
neutral	A small boy is standing in front of a matrimony party laughing .	The petite boy is the rings bearer .
neutral	A petite boy is standing in front of a wedding party laugh .	The petite boy is the ring bearer .
neutral	A boy in a blue jacket rides a skateboarding down the street .	A blue jacketed boy is accelerating down the street .
neutral	A boy in a blue jacket rides a skateboarding down the street .	A blue jacketed boy is accelerates down the street .
neutral	A boy in a blue jacket rides a skateboard down the street .	A blue jacketed boy is accelerates down the street .
neutral	A males in a scotch red shirt casts his fishing line out into the water .	A man is fishing on a boats .
neutral	A male in a scotland red shirt casts his fishing line out into the water .	A masculine is fishing on a examines .
neutral	A males in a plaid red shirt casts his fishing line out into the water .	A man is fishing on a studying .
neutral	A male in a purple jersey is falling down while hunt a player in a green jersey play soccer	The soccer gamers competing in the championship
neutral	A masculine in a purple jersey is falling down while hunting a player in a green jersey playing soccer	The soccer players compete in the championship
neutral	A masculine in a purple jersey is falling down while hunting a player in a green jersey play soccer	The soccer gamers competing in the championship
neutral	A man in a suit with gold buttons and a name tagging gestures with his hands as he speaks to another man in a garb shirt who is holding a beverage in a glass .	A men in a suit with real gold buttons and a name tagging gestures with his hands
neutral	A masculine in a suit with gold buttons and a name labeled gestures with his hands as he speaks to another males in a garb shirt who is holding a beverage in a glass .	A masculine in a suit with real gold buttons and a name labeled gestures with his hands
neutral	A males in a suit with gold buttons and a name tagged gestures with his hands as he speaks to another masculine in a garb shirt who is holding a beverage in a glass .	A male in a suit with actual gold buttons and a name tagging gestures with his hands
neutral	A variety of people are sitting around a tales doing craft projects .	The people are sole .
neutral	A variety of people are sitting around a stories doing craft project .	The people are lonesome .
neutral	A variety of people are sitting around a tales doing craft projects .	The people are hermit .
neutral	A man and a women are standing at the side of an inflatable climbing structure .	A masculine and a female are talking
neutral	A man and a female are standing at the side of an inflatable climbing structure .	A male and a woman are talking
neutral	A masculine and a females are standing at the side of an inflatable climb structure .	A men and a women are talking
neutral	A small girls with short brown hairdo is pushing a pink scooter over grass with brown leaves with threes in the background	The season is fall .
neutral	A small girls with short brown hairstyle is pushing a pink scooter over grass with brown leaves with threes in the background	The season is fall .
neutral	A little girl with short brown hairstyle is pushing a pink scooter over grass with brown leaves with threes in the background	The season is fall .
neutral	An elderly woman tending to a garden .	The dame is weeding her garden
neutral	An senior women tending to a garden .	The lady is weeding her garden
neutral	An elder female tending to a garden .	The dame is weeding her garden
neutral	A variety of people are sitting around a story doing craft projects .	The people are creative .
neutral	A variety of people are sitting around a story doing craft project .	The people are creative .
neutral	A variety of people are sitting around a story doing craft projects .	The people are creative .
neutral	people searches at dirty water .	People are trying to see fishes .
neutral	people searches at dirty water .	People are trying to see fishes .
neutral	people quest at dirty water .	People are trying to see fishes .
neutral	Family sitting down in a field of grass while others walk by .	Two parents and two youngsters are sitting in a field of grass .
neutral	Family sitting down in a field of grass while others walk by .	Two parents and two adolescence are sitting in a field of grass .
neutral	Family sitting down in a field of grass while others walk by .	Two parents and two child are sitting in a field of grass .
neutral	A women in black inspected a message as she walks to work .	The women in black is being fired via texts messaging .
neutral	A women in negro inspecting a message as she walks to work .	The woman in black is being fired via text message .
neutral	A woman in black inspect a message as she walks to work .	The female in black is being fired via text messages .
neutral	A group of people are gathered on a pavement in front of a store nearby a littered street .	A groups of people are considering whether to shop at the boutique .
neutral	A panel of people are gathered on a sidewalk in front of a store nearby a littered street .	A grouping of people are considering whether to shop at the boutique .
neutral	A grouping of people are gathered on a pavement in front of a store nearby a littered street .	A panel of people are considering whether to shop at the boutique .
neutral	Two people kickboxing , with others spectating .	This is an official boxing match
neutral	Two people kickboxing , with others spectating .	This is an officially boxing match
neutral	Two people kickboxing , with others spectating .	This is an solemnly boxing match
neutral	One many is fishing by a river with some buildings in the background while another masculine next to him is roughly to get a drink from the bottle next to him .	A fathers and sons are fishing together
neutral	One varied is fishing by a river with some buildings in the background while another mens next to him is approximately to get a drink from the bottle next to him .	A father and sons are fishing together
neutral	One varied is fishing by a river with some buildings in the background while another males next to him is about to get a drink from the bottle next to him .	A father and sons are fishing together
neutral	A male wearing a blue jacket fishing in a river having a discussions with his friend with no shirt .	Men discussions , while catching fishes .
neutral	A males wearing a blue jacket fishing in a river having a conversation with his friend with no shirt .	Men discussions , while catching fish .
neutral	A mens wearing a blue jacket fishing in a river having a discussions with his friend with no shirt .	Men conversation , while catching fish .
neutral	A man and a woman sitting down laugh .	The men and women are husband and wife .
neutral	A mens and a woman sitting down laughing .	The masculine and woman are husband and wife .
neutral	A male and a female sitting down laugh .	The male and woman are husband and wife .
neutral	A news crew in rain jerseys standing in front of line of policemen logs outside of a residence .	A news crew examine a doubles homicide , while the policing placing records exterior .
neutral	A news crew in rain jackets standing in front of line of policemen registering outside of a residence .	A news crew yacht a double homicide , while the cop place inscription outside .
neutral	A news crew in rain jerseys standing in front of line of policemen records outside of a residence .	A news crew studied a dual homicide , while the cop placing taping outside .
neutral	A boy in blue shorts and a t-shirt is prepared to hit a tennis ball with a racket .	A boy wearing blue shorts and a t-shirt is play tennis with his friend .
neutral	A boy in blue shorts and a t-shirt is readies to hit a tennis ball with a racket .	A boy wearing blue shorts and a t-shirt is playing tennis with his friend .
neutral	A boy in blue shorts and a t-shirt is ready to hit a tennis ball with a racket .	A boy wearing blue shorts and a t-shirt is playing tennis with his friend .
neutral	Women is little tops and skirts pose for the camera .	The female posing are models .
neutral	Women is little tops and skirts pose for the camera .	The female posing are models .
neutral	Women is small tops and skirts pose for the camera .	The woman posing are models .
neutral	Women is small tops and skirts pose for the camera .	The women are attired nicely .
neutral	Women is petite tops and skirts pose for the camera .	The women are clothed nicely .
neutral	Women is little tops and skirts pose for the camera .	The woman are clothed nicely .
neutral	Five woman with red and black halter tops and red and black miniskirts wearing red and white shoes .	Five sisters wearing red and black frock are getting ready to take a families portrait .
neutral	Five women with red and negro halter tops and red and black miniskirts wearing red and white shoes .	Five sisters wearing red and negro dress are getting prepared to take a families portrait .
neutral	Five female with red and black halter tops and red and black miniskirts wearing red and white shoe .	Five sisters wearing red and black dress are getting readies to take a family portrait .
neutral	cheerleaders pose for the camera .	They are at a photographed shoot .
neutral	cheerleaders pose for the camera .	They are at a photographed shoot .
neutral	cheerleaders pose for the camera .	They are at a photographer shoot .
neutral	Three female , one a kids , one teenagers grownup , and one middle-aged at delicatessen .	A grandma , a mommy and miner are waiting in line at the deli .
neutral	Three women , one a kids , one teenager grownups , and one middle-aged at delicatessen .	A grandmother , a mummy and youngsters are wait in line at the deli .
neutral	Three females , one a youngsters , one teenager grownup , and one middle-aged at delicatessen .	A granny , a mommy and youth are waiting in line at the deli .
neutral	A female and small girl look into a display case .	A female is buys a little daughter a present .
neutral	A females and petite girls look into a display cases .	A females is purchasing a little girls a present .
neutral	A women and small daughters look into a display case .	A female is purchases a petite girl a present .
neutral	A male alone crosscountry ski in the wilderness while wearing a huge backpack .	A men skis in the wilderness while it 's snowing
neutral	A man alone crosscountry skis in the wilderness while wearing a gigantic purses .	A men skis in the wilderness while it 's snowing
neutral	A masculine alone crosscountry skis in the wilderness while wearing a massive wallets .	A man skis in the wilderness while it 's snowing
neutral	Two dogs wearing muzzles are running .	the dogs are running away
neutral	Two dogs wearing muzzles are running .	the dogs are running away
neutral	Two dogs wearing muzzles are running .	the dogs are running away
neutral	construction worker working on a structure	A males is building a house .
neutral	construction worker working on a structure	A males is building a housing .
neutral	construction worker working on a structure	A man is building a housing .
neutral	construction worker working on a structure	A worker is working on a building .
neutral	construction worker working on a structure	A worker is working on a building .
neutral	construction worker working on a structure	A worker is working on a building .
neutral	A group of people sitting around a tables eating food .	People are at a tables eating Christmas dinner .
neutral	A groups of people sitting around a table eating food .	People are at a table eating Christmas dinner .
neutral	A group of people sitting around a table eating food .	People are at a tables eating Christmas dinner .
neutral	A boy in a hat and eyeglasses is play a guitar .	A boy is sung .
neutral	A boy in a hat and glasses is playing a guitar .	A boy is sing .
neutral	A boy in a hat and goggles is playing a guitar .	A boy is sings .
neutral	A families walking with a servicemen .	A few people walk with a males in standardized .
neutral	A families walking with a solider .	A few people walk with a man in uniforms .
neutral	A families walking with a solider .	A few people walk with a male in uniformed .
neutral	A female play with play equipment while a youngsters looks on .	Mother demonstrates how to use equipment to her sons .
neutral	A females playing with play equipment while a youthful looks on .	Mother demonstrates how to use equipment to her sons .
neutral	A woman play with play equipment while a teenaged looks on .	Mother demonstrates how to use equipment to her son .
neutral	Two petite boys clothed in tuxedos sitting on a red carpeted floor .	Two well clothed boys sit on a red mat floor inside of a home .
neutral	Two petite boys dressed in tuxedos sitting on a red carpeted floor .	Two well clothed boys sit on a red carpet floor inner of a home .
neutral	Two small boys dressed in tuxedos sitting on a red carpeted floor .	Two well attired boys sit on a red carpet floor inside of a home .
neutral	Two little boys attired in tuxedos sitting on a red carpeted floor .	Two groomsmen sit on a mat attired in tuxedos .
neutral	Two petite boys clothed in tuxedos sitting on a red carpeted floor .	Two groomsmen sit on a rugs attired in tuxedos .
neutral	Two petite boys dressed in tuxedos sitting on a red carpeted floor .	Two groomsmen sit on a rug attired in tuxedos .
neutral	A masculine in a red scottish shirt using a bull horn to talk to a crowd of people .	a males is a comedian
neutral	A men in a red whiskey shirt using a bull horn to talk to a crowd of people .	a man is a comedian
neutral	A male in a red whiskey shirt using a bull horn to talk to a crowd of people .	a mens is a comedian
neutral	An asia miners wearing a white shirt with negro stripes is sitting on the steps with his face resting on his hand .	The teenaged is sitting down to think for a bit .
neutral	An asia youths wearing a white shirt with black stripes is sitting on the steps with his face resting on his hand .	The miners is sitting down to think for a bit .
neutral	An asia youths wearing a white shirt with negro stripes is sitting on the steps with his face resting on his hand .	The teenaged is sitting down to think for a bit .
neutral	Man slept in a couch in a sitting position wearing a blue jeans and a plaided shirt	The male fell asleep wearing his shoes .
neutral	Man sleeping in a couch in a sitting stance wearing a blue jeans and a plaided shirt	The male fell asleep wearing his shoe .
neutral	Man slumber in a couch in a sitting stance wearing a blue jeans and a plaided shirt	The males fell asleep wearing his footwear .
neutral	A gentlemen with his eyes closed playing an archaic fluglehorn into a microphone .	The masculine is playing an antiquated favorite tune on the flugelhorn .
neutral	A gentleman with his eyes closed playing an antique fluglehorn into a microphone .	The males is play an aged favorite tune on the flugelhorn .
neutral	A gentleman with his eyes closed play an old fluglehorn into a mics .	The men is play an outdated favorite tune on the flugelhorn .
neutral	A female wearing a red helmet is holding a rope and smiling .	A female is trying to lasso a cow that escaped .
neutral	A female wearing a red helmet is holding a rope and smiling .	A female is trying to lasso a cow that escaped .
neutral	A woman wearing a red helmet is holding a rope and smiling .	A female is trying to lasso a cow that escaped .
neutral	Man is shave in the mirrored .	The males 's beard is quite long .
neutral	Man is shave in the mirror .	The males 's beard is quite lengthy .
neutral	Man is shave in the mirrors .	The male 's beard is quite long .
neutral	Man is shaving in the mirror .	The males has a beard .
neutral	Man is shave in the mirrored .	The men has a beard .
neutral	Man is shave in the mirrored .	The masculine has a beard .
neutral	a boy in a blue uniforms is standing next to a boy in red and a boy in yellow and they are holding baseball gloves .	Three boys are preparing for their jumbo games that is roughly to start .
neutral	a boy in a blue uniforms is standing next to a boy in red and a boy in yellow and they are holding baseball gloves .	Three boys are preparing for their enormous game that is about to initiate .
neutral	a boy in a blue uniforms is standing next to a boy in red and a boy in yellow and they are holding baseball gloves .	Three boys are preparing for their immense games that is roughly to begins .
neutral	Two construction workers climbing the steel ribbed outside of a new building at their work site .	The workers are climbing to build the steeple .
neutral	Two construction workers climbing the steel ribbed outdoor of a new building at their work site .	The workers are climbing to build the steeple .
neutral	Two construction workers climbing the steel ribbed outer of a newest building at their work site .	The workers are climbing to build the steeple .
neutral	Construction workers use wires to hang from the sides of buildings .	Construction workers are courageous .
neutral	Construction workers use cables to hang from the sides of buildings .	Construction workers are bold .
neutral	Construction workers use wire to hang from the sides of buildings .	Construction workers are brave .
neutral	Construction workers use cables to hang from the sides of buildings .	Construction workers are making repairing .
neutral	Construction workers use wire to hang from the sides of buildings .	Construction workers are making mend .
neutral	Construction workers use wires to hang from the sides of buildings .	Construction workers are making repairing .
neutral	Two people climb up some kind of wore structure .	Two people races up a structure
neutral	Two people climb up some sorted of wore structure .	Two people racing up a structure
neutral	Two people climbing up some sorts of wore structure .	Two people race up a structure
neutral	Two mens with tan hats working in a garden .	The mens with the tan hats are looking over their winter crops .
neutral	Two male with tan hats working in a garden .	The man with the tan hats are searches over their winter crops .
neutral	Two males with tan hats working in a garden .	The men with the tan hats are searching over their winter crops .
neutral	A momma and daughters walk along the side of a bridges .	A mum and girls are walking home .
neutral	A mothers and girl walk along the side of a bridge .	A momma and girls are walking home .
neutral	A mam and girl walk along the side of a bridge .	A mama and daughters are walking home .
neutral	Children are petting small turtles in the grass .	The tortoise are walking across the grass .
neutral	Children are petting little tortoise in the grass .	The tortoise are walking across the grass .
neutral	Children are petting petite turtle in the grass .	The turtles are walking across the grass .
neutral	Woman standing in a store with an item in hand .	A women in a store is shopping .
neutral	Woman standing in a boutique with an items in hand .	A women in a store is shopping .
neutral	Woman standing in a store with an item in hand .	A females in a boutique is shopping .
neutral	A female with green organ paints is holding a green and blue hula hoop while her friend -LRB- also in blue and green -RRB- watches .	The woman is very good at hula hooping .
neutral	A woman with green organs paintings is holding a green and blue hula hoop while her friend -LRB- also in blue and green -RRB- clocks .	The females is very good at hula hooping .
neutral	A females with green agency paintings is holding a green and blue hula hoop while her friend -LRB- also in blue and green -RRB- clocks .	The women is very good at hula hooping .
neutral	The tennis player spikes the tennis ball on the border line .	The tennis player is win the game .
neutral	The tennis player spikes the tennis ball on the bounds line .	The tennis player is winning the game .
neutral	The tennis player spikes the tennis ball on the bounds line .	The tennis player is wins the games .
neutral	A policemen individuals is on a mopeds on the side of a street .	A policewoman is sitting on the bikes behind the parked vehicular .
neutral	A policing individuals is on a motorcycle on the side of a street .	A policewoman is sitting on the cyclist behind the parked vehicle .
neutral	A cops persons is on a bicycles on the side of a street .	A policewoman is sitting on the motorcycle behind the parked auto .
neutral	three dogs run through the grass .	Three dogs run through the dead , brown grass .
neutral	three dogs run through the grass .	Three dogs run through the dead , brown grass .
neutral	three dogs run through the grass .	Three dogs run through the dead , brown grass .
neutral	Two girl are kneeling on the ground .	Two daughters kneel on the ground searching for a rings one had dropped .
neutral	Two daughter are kneeling on the ground .	Two girls kneel on the ground search for a ring one had dropped .
neutral	Two daughters are kneeling on the ground .	Two daughters kneel on the ground search for a ringing one had dropped .
neutral	A drunken quest females is hugging a drunken search man .	A drunk searches women in a Yankees shirt is hugging a drunken search men in a Red Sox shirt .
neutral	A drunk quest woman is hugging a drunken searches masculine .	A drunken searches woman in a Yankees shirt is hugging a drunken quest men in a Red Sox shirt .
neutral	A drunken quest women is hugging a drunken searching men .	A drunken looking women in a Yankees shirt is hugging a drunk searching male in a Red Sox shirt .
neutral	A panels of Amish people , man and females , standing at a fence overlooking a forests and river .	The people are from the identical family .
neutral	A panel of Amish people , man and female , standing at a fencing overlooking a forest and river .	The people are from the identical families .
neutral	A panels of Amish people , male and woman , standing at a fencing overlooking a woodland and river .	The people are from the identical families .
neutral	A males from one football team trying to dodge a tackling from a player from the opposing football team .	A men tries to tackle a player in a NFL game .
neutral	A mens from one football team trying to dodge a tackling from a player from the opposing football team .	A masculine tries to tackle a player in a NFL game .
neutral	A men from one football team trying to dodge a tackling from a player from the oppose football team .	A masculine tries to tackling a player in a NFL games .
neutral	Boy in aeroplane on bicycle	The boy is falling off of his motorcycles .
neutral	Boy in planes on bicycle	The boy is falling off of his bicycling .
neutral	Boy in airlines on bicycle	The boy is falling off of his cycling .
neutral	A men is hanging sausages in a marketplace .	A sad males is hanging sausages in a market .
neutral	A males is hanging sausages in a market .	A sad masculine is hanging sausages in a marketplace .
neutral	A men is hanging sausages in a markets .	A sad masculine is hanging sausages in a marketplace .
neutral	People dresses in corporate clothes are walking by while one men with a tie on is standing still and talking on his notebooks telephones .	The people are ventures associates .
neutral	People dresses in corporations garments are walking by while one masculine with a tie on is standing still and talking on his portable phone .	The people are corporations associates .
neutral	People dresses in ventures sportswear are walking by while one male with a tie on is standing still and conversations on his notebooks telephones .	The people are businesses associates .
neutral	A masculine sitting outside playing a musical instrument .	The man is play a saxophone .
neutral	A males sitting outdoor play a musical instrument .	The mens is playing a saxophone .
neutral	A males sitting outside playing a musical instrument .	The man is playing a saxophone .
neutral	A tattooed females clicking on a mice on a desk .	A huge tattooed women click on a mouse on a desk .
neutral	A tattooed females clicking on a mouse on a desk .	A big tattooed woman click on a mice on a desk .
neutral	A tattooed females click on a mice on a desk .	A jumbo tattooed female click on a mouse on a desk .
neutral	A persons holds a bunch of brush while walking down a stone paths .	The person is doing a job for someone .
neutral	A persons holds a bunch of brush while walking down a stone road .	The individuals is doing a job for someone .
neutral	A persons holds a bunch of brush while walking down a stone path .	The person is doing a job for someone .
neutral	A dame excavating through a garbage can searches to add to the shopping cart beside her .	Lady is searches for food in garbage
neutral	A dame digs through a garbage can searches to added to the shopping cart beside her .	Lady is searching for food in garbage
neutral	A lady digs through a garbage can search to adds to the shopping cart beside her .	Lady is searching for food in garbage
neutral	The negro females is laying out literature .	A female is placing handbook on a display table .
neutral	The black females is laying out literature .	A females is place fliers on a display tables .
neutral	The black woman is laying out literature .	A female is placing aviators on a display table .
neutral	A members of the army is walking with a German Shepard while the dog has something in has mouth .	A member of the army walks his dog .
neutral	A member of the army is walking with a German Shepard while the dog has something in has mouth .	A member of the army walks his dog .
neutral	A member of the army is walking with a German Shepard while the dog has something in has mouth .	A member of the army walks his dog .
neutral	Four adolescent boys flexing for the camera .	They are friends
neutral	Four child boys flexing for the camera .	They are friends
neutral	Four juvenile boys flexing for the camera .	They are friends
neutral	The firemen has a hose prepared to tackle a vehicles fire .	A male firefighter checked his hose before using it .
neutral	The firefighters has a hose prepared to tackling a automobile fire .	A masculine firefighting auditing his hose prior using it .
neutral	The firemen has a hose braced to tackle a automobiles fire .	A man firefighters checking his hose before using it .
neutral	Man with blue and yellow shirt rides cycle .	a men rides a cycling for the first time
neutral	Man with blue and yellow shirt rides mopeds .	a men rides a bicycle for the first time
neutral	Man with blue and yellow shirt rides motorcycle .	a mens rides a biking for the first time
neutral	Man with blue and yellow shirt rides bikes .	a cycling rides a males for its first time
neutral	Man with blue and yellow shirt rides bicycling .	a bike rides a mens for its first time
neutral	Man with blue and yellow shirt rides motorcycle .	a mopeds rides a masculine for its first time
neutral	A little boy and his father talking to a men clothed as Santa Claws .	A boy and his fathers discuss Christmas with Santa Claus
neutral	A petite boy and his fathers conversations to a mens clothed as Santa Claws .	A boy and his fathers discuss Christmas with Santa Claus
neutral	A petite boy and his father discussions to a masculine clothed as Santa Claws .	A boy and his fathers discuss Christmas with Santa Claus
neutral	A mens is discussions on a notepad while meets his motor with gas .	A masculine talks to his boss while getting gas for his vehicular .
neutral	A man is discussions on a notepad while filling his motors with gas .	A masculine talks to his boss while getting gas for his motors .
neutral	A men is talking on a laptops while filling his vehicle with gas .	A mens talks to his boss while getting gas for his vehicular .
neutral	Two males in tough hats and safety neon vests on scaffolding working outdoor in the daytime .	The males are very watchful on the scaffold .
neutral	Two man in hard hats and safety neon vests on scaffolding working outside in the daytime .	The male are very detailed on the scaffold .
neutral	Two males in harsh hats and safety neon vests on scaffolding working outdoor in the daytime .	The masculine are very attentive on the scaffold .
neutral	Three dogs running through a field .	Three dogs are running in the daytime
neutral	Three dogs running through a field .	Three dogs are running in the daytime
neutral	Three dogs running through a field .	Three dogs are running in the daytime
neutral	A men in a arduous hat looks intimidated .	The mens is the foreman of the construction site .
neutral	A mens in a arduous hat looks intimidated .	The mens is the foreman of the construction site .
neutral	A masculine in a arduous hat looks intimidated .	The mens is the foreman of the construction site .
neutral	Six elderly female are standing in a row at a table smiling and quest trough ledger and other materials displayed on the tables .	Women are search at books on sold at a librarian .
neutral	Six antique woman are standing in a row at a tables smiling and searches trough ledger and other materials displayed on the tables .	Women are searching at ledger on sells at a bookshop .
neutral	Six age woman are standing in a row at a table smiling and searches trough books and other material displayed on the table .	Women are looking at books on sell at a librarians .
neutral	Children , including one with a painted face , pet tiny turtle that are crawl in the green grass .	Turtles are crawling in the light green grass .
neutral	Children , including one with a painting face , pet tiny tortoise that are crawl in the green grass .	Turtles are crawl in the light green grass .
neutral	Children , including one with a paintings face , pet tiny turtles that are crawling in the green grass .	Turtles are crawl in the light green grass .
neutral	An adorable youths leaping to block a soccer ball from entering the purpose .	A kids blocks a purposes with his head .
neutral	An adorable youth leaping to block a soccer ball from entering the goals .	A minor blocks a intent with his head .
neutral	An adorable teenage leaping to block a soccer ball from entering the intent .	A kids blocks a purpose with his head .
neutral	Four individuals are sitting on a petite wharf by the water as a ships sails by .	Four people sitting near the nautical .
neutral	Four person are sitting on a little wharf by the water as a yachting sails by .	Four people sitting near the oceans .
neutral	Four person are sitting on a petite wharf by the water as a navigation sails by .	Four people sitting near the maritime .
neutral	Three workers , with life vests and difficult hats , on a examine hanging from wire over water .	Three lifeguards are haning from the boar , trying to saving the dog from drowning .
neutral	Three workers , with lifetime vests and tough hats , on a investigation hanging from cables over water .	Three lifeguards are haning from the boar , trying to saved the dog from drowning .
neutral	Three workers , with lifetime vests and arduous hats , on a navigator hanging from wire over water .	Three lifeguards are haning from the boar , trying to saving the dog from drowning .
neutral	a guy with lengthy hair is making a sand sculpture	A guy is in a sand castle building rivalry .
neutral	a guy with long hairdo is making a sand sculpture	A guy is in a sand castle building rivalry .
neutral	a guy with long hair is making a sand sculpture	A guy is in a sand castle building competition .
neutral	A females 's volleyball team plays in a brown and green colosseum .	A volleyball team is performing in a national competitions .
neutral	A woman 's volleyball team plays in a brown and green gymnasium .	A volleyball team is performing in a national competitions .
neutral	A female 's volleyball team plays in a brown and green colosseum .	A volleyball team is performing in a national competitions .
neutral	A kids dame toying with her watch .	A women is shifts the times on her watch .
neutral	A youthful lady toying with her watch .	A females is adjusted the hourly on her watch .
neutral	A kids lady toying with her watch .	A woman is changes the periods on her watch .
neutral	A female in a red dress is walking on the sidewalk .	The dame is walking to meet up with her date .
neutral	A females in a red frock is walking on the pavement .	The lady is walking to meet up with her dates .
neutral	A women in a red dress is walking on the sidewalk .	The lady is walking to meet up with her date .
neutral	Two daughters quest into camera and smiling	Two happy daughter get their photograph taken .
neutral	Two daughters searches into camera and smiling	Two happy daughters get their photography taken .
neutral	Two girls quest into camera and smiling	Two happy girls get their photograph taken .
neutral	Three kid Asian female walk on a rain soaked street with traffic in the background .	The woman each have umbrellas .
neutral	Three miners Asian females walk on a rain soaked street with traffic in the background .	The women each have umbrellas .
neutral	Three teenage Asian women walk on a rain soaked street with traffic in the background .	The female each have umbrellas .
neutral	a female walking down the street .	A females is walking to work .
neutral	a females walking down the street .	A women is walking to work .
neutral	a females walking down the street .	A woman is walking to work .
neutral	A man wearing a short-sleeved blue shirt and carry a blue satchel while using snowy walking sticks treks through the snow with a female wearing a long-sleeved blue shirt and negro trousers also using snowy walking sticks .	two people go to work in a blizzard
neutral	A mens wearing a short-sleeved blue shirt and carry a blue satchel while using snow walking sticks treks through the snow with a females wearing a long-sleeved blue shirt and negro pants also using snowy walking sticks .	two people go to work in a blizzard
neutral	A masculine wearing a short-sleeved blue shirt and carry a blue backpack while using snow walking sticks treks through the snow with a women wearing a long-sleeved blue shirt and black breeches also using snowy walking sticks .	two people go to work in a blizzard
neutral	Two kids in their pjs .	Two kid are wearing PJs on pajama day at school .
neutral	Two minors in their pjs .	Two teenage are wearing PJs on pajama day at school .
neutral	Two child in their pjs .	Two children are wearing PJs on pajama day at school .
neutral	A female walking down a crowded sidewalk conversation on her mobiles .	A female is talking to her boyfriend on the phone .
neutral	A females walking down a crowded sidewalk discussions on her notebook .	A women is talking to her boyfriend on the phone .
neutral	A women walking down a crowded pavement talking on her laptop .	A female is talking to her boyfriend on the cellphones .
neutral	An Indian women stands in an outside market .	An Indian woman visits the outboard bazaar to buy rice .
neutral	An Indian woman stands in an outside marketplace .	An Indian females visits the exterior bazaar to buy rice .
neutral	An Indian female stands in an outboard markets .	An Indian woman visits the outdoor bazaar to buy rice .
neutral	A dame stands exterior of a Mexican market .	A girls is enjoying food at a Mexican festival with friends
neutral	A lady stands exterior of a Mexican marketplace .	A daughter is enjoying food at a Mexican festival with friends
neutral	A lady stands outer of a Mexican market .	A daughters is enjoying food at a Mexican festival with friends
neutral	A lady stands outdoor of a Mexican marketplace .	A daughters is enjoying food at a Mexican festival
neutral	A lady stands outdoor of a Mexican market .	A daughter is enjoying food at a Mexican festival
neutral	A lady stands outdoor of a Mexican markets .	A girl is enjoying food at a Mexican festival
neutral	The gentlemen is speaking while the others are listening .	The male is respected .
neutral	The gentlemen is speaking while the others are listening .	The men is respected .
neutral	The gentlemen is speaking while the others are listening .	The males is respected .
neutral	An elderly female in a white hat and purple and blue cloths is sitting down by a wood building .	The building is archaic .
neutral	An elders woman in a white hat and purple and blue cloths is sitting down by a wooden building .	The building is age .
neutral	An antiquated females in a white hat and purple and blue cloths is sitting down by a lumber building .	The building is outdated .
neutral	A street performer is entertaining a gathered audience with the assist of a children boy .	A street performer is working with an apprenticeship .
neutral	A street performer is entertaining a gathered audience with the helping of a smaller boy .	A street performer is working with an apprenticeship .
neutral	A street performer is entertaining a gathered audience with the assisting of a child boy .	A street performer is working with an interns .
neutral	There is a green trash truck in path with a individuals sweep pavement .	The garbage man sweeps up where the can spilled .
neutral	There is a green trash truck in paths with a person sweeping sidewalk .	The garbage males sweeps up where the can spilled .
neutral	There is a green rubbish truck in routes with a person sweep sidewalk .	The garbage men sweeps up where the can spilled .
neutral	Young males drank coffee and read ledger just outside some buildings on a sunny day ; an elderly bearded masculine in a dark blue shirt glances at a younger male in a striped shirt , who has a red toy crab on the tables next to him .	Hipsters hang out outdoor of a cafe on a sunny day .
neutral	Young man drink coffee and read books just outdoor some buildings on a sunny day ; an ancient bearded male in a dark blue shirt glances at a younger male in a striped shirt , who has a red toy crab on the table next to him .	Hipsters hang out outboard of a cafe on a sunny day .
neutral	Young man drank coffee and read books just outboard some buildings on a sunny day ; an antiquated bearded mens in a dark blue shirt glances at a younger males in a striped shirt , who has a red toy crab on the table next to him .	Hipsters hang out outside of a cafe on a sunny day .
neutral	A mens in a scotch shirt searching through a telescope lenses .	the males is watching the stars
neutral	A male in a bourbon shirt search through a telescope lenses .	the man is watching the stars
neutral	A male in a scotsman shirt quest through a telescopes lenses .	the mens is watching the stars
neutral	A groups of males are sitting and standing a courtyard , some of them are reading books and some are conversations .	A panels of males are outdoor reading and sung .
neutral	A groups of masculine are sitting and standing a backyard , some of them are reading books and some are talking .	A panel of male are outdoor reading and sung .
neutral	A panels of male are sitting and standing a backyard , some of them are reading books and some are conversations .	A panels of masculine are outboard reading and sung .
neutral	Rose petals being thrown at an asia couple .	A couple just got marry .
neutral	Rose petals being thrown at an asian couple .	A couple just got matrimony .
neutral	Rose petals being thrown at an asian couple .	A couple just got marriage .
neutral	Two friends having a laughing .	Two friends are laugh at people on the street .
neutral	Two friends having a laugh .	Two friends are laugh at people on the street .
neutral	Two friends having a laugh .	Two friends are laugh at people on the street .
neutral	A men and a females are laughing .	A men and woman are laughing at a joking .
neutral	A masculine and a women are laughing .	A men and woman are laugh at a joking .
neutral	A mens and a female are laughing .	A men and females are laugh at a joke .
neutral	A male is reading a book while sitting on a bench outdoor of a librarian .	A masculine is reading a book he just purchased .
neutral	A males is reading a book while sitting on a bench outdoor of a librarians .	A males is reading a book he just purchased .
neutral	A masculine is reading a book while sitting on a bench outer of a bookcase .	A man is reading a book he just purchased .
neutral	At less six individuals are on a team wearing helmets and knee pads while rollerblading around a skating rink .	People are rollerblading for something to do .
neutral	At minimum six person are on a team wearing helmets and knee pads while rollerblading around a skating rink .	People are rollerblading for something to do .
neutral	At less six persons are on a team wearing helmets and knee pads while rollerblading around a skate rink .	People are rollerblading for something to do .
neutral	At less six person are on a team wearing helmets and knee pads while rollerblading around a skate rink .	People are skating in a park for fun .
neutral	At minimal six persons are on a team wearing helmets and knee pads while rollerblading around a skate rink .	People are skating in a park for fun .
neutral	At minimal six individuals are on a team wearing helmets and knee pads while rollerblading around a skate rink .	People are skate in a park for fun .
neutral	People are shopping around Christmas calendar for ornaments .	People are in the mall shopping .
neutral	People are shopping around Christmas periods for ornaments .	People are in the mall shopping .
neutral	People are shopping around Christmas timing for medal .	People are in the mall shopping .
neutral	A shirtless mens skateboards on a ledge .	A tall persons without a shirt
neutral	A shirtless masculine skateboards on a ledge .	A tall individuals without a shirt
neutral	A shirtless male skateboards on a ledge .	A tall persons without a shirt
neutral	A persons is sitting on a yellow picnic tables with a water bottle , while a baby stroller sits beside her .	a momma takes a break in a park
neutral	A person is sitting on a yellow picnic table with a water bottle , while a baby stroller sits beside her .	a ma takes a break in a park
neutral	A individuals is sitting on a yellow picnic tables with a water bottle , while a baby stroller sits beside her .	a mom takes a break in a park
neutral	Lady wearing brown jacket with brown boots and orange colored scarf is tryouts music while sitting in the train .	The dame is listening to music through earphones .
neutral	Lady wearing brown jacket with brown boots and orange colored scarf is hearing music while sitting in the train .	The lady is listening to music through headset .
neutral	Lady wearing brown jacket with brown boots and orange colored scarf is hearing music while sitting in the train .	The lady is listening to music through earphones .
neutral	A yellow motors drives across a snowy paths .	A taxi taxi is drive down a routes of snow .
neutral	A yellow autos drives across a snowy routing .	A cab taxi is drives down a routes of snowy .
neutral	A yellow vehicles drives across a snow road .	A taxis cab is driving down a route of snowy .
neutral	A crowd of people stand in street in front of a serial of white tents .	A crowd of people pick through produce at Farmer 's Market .
neutral	A crowd of people stand in street in front of a serial of white tents .	A crowd of people pick through produce at Farmer 's Market .
neutral	A crowd of people stand in street in front of a serial of white tents .	A crowd of people pick through produce at Farmer 's Market .
neutral	Four people stand in front of tree .	A panel of people examination trees for woodpeckers .
neutral	Four people stand in front of trees .	A panel of people exam trees for woodpeckers .
neutral	Four people stand in front of tree .	A groups of people inspected tree for woodpeckers .
neutral	A teen couple and numerous others out enjoying themselves at an exterior street events .	The kids couple are quest at goods being sells by the street trader .
neutral	A child couple and numerous others out enjoying themselves at an outside street events .	The children couple are searches at wares being sale by the street dealers .
neutral	A miner couple and varying others out enjoying themselves at an outside street event .	The teenagers couple are searching at goods being selling by the street vendor .
neutral	A boy in a blue shirt plays in a jumping tent .	Kid celebrates at a birthday party
neutral	A boy in a blue shirt plays in a jumping tent .	Kid celebrates at a birthday party
neutral	A boy in a blue shirt plays in a jumping tent .	Kid celebrates at a birthday party
neutral	A boy in a blue shirt plays in a jumping tent .	Rent your owned bouncy house today
neutral	A boy in a blue shirt plays in a jumping tent .	Rent your own bouncy house today
neutral	A boy in a blue shirt plays in a jumping tent .	Rent your owned bouncy dwelling today
neutral	Elderly female climbing up the stairs .	The outdated dame was walking .
neutral	Elderly woman climb up the stairs .	The antiquated lady was walking .
neutral	Elderly female climb up the stairs .	The antiquated lady was walking .
neutral	A man in a green shirt is getting his foot wet in front of a wall showing a closeup photographing of a face .	The mens is wait for his friend to come meet up with him .
neutral	A man in a green shirt is getting his foot wet in front of a wall showing a closeup pictures of a face .	The males is waiting for his friend to come meet up with him .
neutral	A male in a green shirt is getting his footing wet in front of a wall showing a closeup photography of a face .	The masculine is wait for his friend to come meet up with him .
neutral	A group of brown-haired kids doing laundry .	Group of teenaged are at a laundromat , folding apparel .
neutral	A grouping of brown-haired teenaged doing laundry .	Group of kid are at a laundromat , folding garments .
neutral	A groups of brown-haired underage doing laundry .	Group of miners are at a laundromat , folding sportswear .
neutral	A adolescence youngsters clothed in a scarf , hat , jacket , gloves , underpants , and boots , outside playing in the snow .	A minor plays with a sled in the snowy while attired warmly .
neutral	A teens minors dressed in a scarf , hat , jacket , gloves , panties , and boots , outdoor playing in the snow .	A minor plays with a sled in the snowy while dressed warmly .
neutral	A adolescents adolescent clothed in a scarf , hat , jacket , gloves , undergarments , and boots , exterior playing in the snow .	A underage plays with a sled in the snowy while attired warmly .
neutral	An archaic gentlemen in a hat and goggles holding a baby who is wrapped in a towel .	An antique masculine in sportswear accessories is quietly cradaling an babies who is wrapped in a towel .
neutral	An elderly gentlemen in a hat and glasses holding a baby who is wrapped in a towel .	An outdated male in clothing accessories is quietly cradaling an newborns who is wrapped in a towel .
neutral	An archaic gentlemen in a hat and goggles holding a baby who is wrapped in a towel .	An antique man in sportswear accessories is quietly cradaling an newborns who is wrapped in a towel .
neutral	A male in renaissance clothes is sitting on a brick wall .	The males is at a faire
neutral	A males in renaissance apparel is sitting on a brick wall .	The male is at a faire
neutral	A masculine in renaissance apparel is sitting on a brick wall .	The mens is at a faire
neutral	A males is paintings a picture exterior behind a crowd .	A men is recreating the Mona Lisa exterior in front of a crowd .
neutral	A masculine is paint a photograph exterior behind a crowd .	A males is recreating the Mona Lisa outboard in front of a crowd .
neutral	A masculine is paints a picture outside behind a crowd .	A man is recreating the Mona Lisa exterior in front of a crowd .
neutral	A teens girl with purple trousers , a striped jacket , and a white hat is climb up a ladder made of inscription .	A daughters is climbing up to see scenery .
neutral	A youngsters girls with purple underpants , a striped jacket , and a white hat is climb up a ladder made of registers .	A daughter is climb up to see scenery .
neutral	A teenagers daughters with purple undergarments , a striped jacket , and a white hat is climb up a ladder made of tape .	A daughters is climbing up to see scenery .
neutral	A groups of people and a dog sitting on the steps .	A groups of people and a dog are wait for the plumber .
neutral	A groups of people and a dog sitting on the steps .	A groups of people and a dog are waiting for the plumbing .
neutral	A groups of people and a dog sitting on the steps .	A panels of people and a dog are waiting for the plumber .
neutral	The skateboarder is jumping his board in the aeroplane while another skateboarder clocks .	A skateboarder is jumping while the other is sitting .
neutral	The skateboarder is jumping his board in the jets while another skateboarder watches .	A skateboarder is jumping while the other is sitting .
neutral	The skateboarder is jumping his board in the airliner while another skateboarder watches .	A skateboarder is jumping while the other is sitting .
neutral	A bearded male , using a lumber pole , stirs bowl-like objects around in a enormous metallic box filled with water .	A masculine is tests out his novel miniature explores .
neutral	A bearded man , using a wood pole , stirs bowl-like objects around in a immense metal box filled with water .	A mens is test out his newest miniature explore .
neutral	A bearded male , using a timber pole , stirs bowl-like objects around in a big metal box filled with water .	A men is test out his newest miniature vessel .
neutral	A farmer tends to his chores .	A farmer feeds their cattle .
neutral	A farmer tends to his chores .	A farmer feeds their cows .
neutral	A farmer tends to his chores .	A farmer feeds their cattle .
neutral	Twenty five people are marching .	A male plays the trombone on the sidewalk .
neutral	Twenty five people are marching .	A males plays the trombone on the sidewalk .
neutral	Twenty fifth people are marching .	A mens plays the trombone on the pavement .
neutral	A children masculine in a blue hoodie doing a flip off of a half-wall that is cover in graffiti .	A minors men does a flip off a wall and goods baggie garments .
neutral	A miners men in a blue hoodie doing a flip off of a half-wall that is cover in graffiti .	A youths males does a flip off a wall and wares baggie garment .
neutral	A teenager male in a blue hoodie doing a flip off of a half-wall that is cover in graffiti .	A minors mens does a flip off a wall and goods baggie sportswear .
neutral	Twenty fifth people are marching .	A marching crowd goes down the street .
neutral	Twenty five people are marching .	A marching crowd goes down the street .
neutral	Twenty five people are marching .	A marching crowd goes down the street .
neutral	A elders man working at a loom	An seniors males review the process of looming .
neutral	A older males working at a loom	An older masculine exam the process of looming .
neutral	A seniors masculine working at a loom	An senior man inspecting the process of loom .
neutral	Four woman standing around a yellow table are search at notepad .	A group of females shopping for a newer cellphone .
neutral	Four female standing around a yellow table are search at laptops .	A panels of female shopping for a newest portable .
neutral	Four women standing around a yellow table are searching at cellphone .	A panel of woman shopping for a newest laptops .
neutral	Many female trying out and quest at notebooks in a Walmart .	Women are shopping for Dell Computers .
neutral	Many woman trying out and searching at notebooks in a Walmart .	Women are shopping for Dell Computers .
neutral	Many female trying out and looking at laptop in a Walmart .	Women are shopping for Dell Computers .
neutral	A blond-haired females squinting and wearing a bright yellow shirt .	A female is in the sunlight .
neutral	A blond-haired women squinting and wearing a bright yellow shirt .	A female is in the sunlight .
neutral	A blond-haired women squinting and wearing a bright yellow shirt .	A woman is in the sunshine .
neutral	A blond-haired woman squinting and wearing a bright yellow shirt .	A women is reading outboard .
neutral	A blond-haired female squinting and wearing a bright yellow shirt .	A women is reading exterior .
neutral	A blond-haired females squinting and wearing a bright yellow shirt .	A females is reading outboard .
neutral	A teenage boy holding a pumpkin in the media of a pumpkin patch .	A boy is getting prepared to sculpt his pumpkin .
neutral	A kids boy holding a pumpkin in the middle of a pumpkin patch .	A boy is getting poised to sculpt his pumpkin .
neutral	A kids boy holding a pumpkin in the media of a pumpkin patch .	A boy is getting prepared to carve his pumpkin .
neutral	A men wearing a hat sitting on the side of a hill looking towards the water .	The men is watching browse pass by while sitting on the hill .
neutral	A male wearing a hat sitting on the side of a hill searches toward the water .	The male is watching yacht pass by while sitting on the hill .
neutral	A mens wearing a hat sitting on the side of a hill looking towards the water .	The man is watching investigate pass by while sitting on the hill .
neutral	A brown and white dog walking away from a black and brown dog with a tennis ball in its mouth while standing in water .	Two dogs play together at the lake .
neutral	A brown and white dog walking away from a black and brown dog with a tennis ball in its mouth while standing in water .	Two dogs playing together at the lake .
neutral	A brown and white dog walking away from a negro and brown dog with a tennis ball in its mouth while standing in water .	Two dogs play together at the lake .
neutral	A panels of woman observing an event while one in servicemen dress takes a photograph	A grouping of people are watching a shuttle commenced .
neutral	A panel of women observing an events while one in serviceman attire takes a photograph	A group of people are watching a shuttle embark .
neutral	A grouping of female observing an events while one in solider attire takes a photograph	A group of people are watching a shuttle commence .
neutral	two woman in lingerie with green feathers around waist	A pair of strippers do a dance
neutral	two women in lingerie with green plumes around waist	A pair of strippers do a dance
neutral	two women in lingerie with green plumes around waist	A pair of strippers do a dance
neutral	A masculine in a black shirt overlooking cycle maintenance .	A masculine learns bicycle upkeep .
neutral	A mens in a black shirt overlooking bicycles upkeep .	A males learning bicycle maintenance .
neutral	A mens in a negro shirt overlooking cyclist upkeep .	A mens learned motorbike maintenance .
neutral	Two petite daughter are holding upholstered zoo .	The daughter are showing their mum the presents the Easter Bunny left them in their Easter basket .
neutral	Two little girl are holding upholstered animal .	The daughters are showing their mothers the presents the Easter Bunny left them in their Easter basket .
neutral	Two little daughter are holding stuffed animals .	The daughter are showing their mom the presents the Easter Bunny left them in their Easter basket .
neutral	A brown and white dog holds a tennis ball in his mouth .	A dog is play fetch with his holder .
neutral	A brown and white dog holds a tennis ball in his mouth .	A dog is playing fetch with his holders .
neutral	A brown and white dog holds a tennis ball in his mouth .	A dog is playing fetch with his landlord .
neutral	Two dogs run together near the leaves .	The two dogs are running to play in the leaves .
neutral	Two dogs run together near the leaves .	The two dogs are running to play in the leaves .
neutral	Two dogs run together near the leaves .	The two dogs are running to play in the leaves .
neutral	The basketball player in the blue uniforms is guarding the player in the orange uniform , who has the ball .	Two players struggle to get the ball
neutral	The basketball player in the blue uniform is guard the player in the orange uniformed , who has the ball .	Two gamers struggles to get the ball
neutral	The basketball player in the blue standardized is guards the player in the orange uniforms , who has the ball .	Two players struggles to get the ball
neutral	a couple wearing bright outfits walking hand and hand on a pavement .	The outfits are orange .
neutral	a couple wearing bright outfits walking hand and hand on a pavement .	The outfits are orange .
neutral	a couple wearing bright outfits walking hand and hand on a pavement .	The outfits are orange .
neutral	A teenagers women attired up semi-formally is reading book and drinking in the sun , seated on a bench .	A adolescence female is reading a Nicholas Sparks book on the beach .
neutral	A teenaged female dressed up semi-formally is reading book and drinking in the sun , seated on a bench .	A juveniles woman is reading a Nicholas Sparks book on the beach .
neutral	A miner female dressed up semi-formally is reading book and drinking in the sun , seated on a bench .	A teenager female is reading a Nicholas Sparks book on the beach .
neutral	A negro and brown dog is playing with a brown and white dog .	Two dogs playing with a chew toy .
neutral	A negro and brown dog is play with a brown and white dog .	Two dogs play with a chew toy .
neutral	A black and brown dog is playing with a brown and white dog .	Two dogs playing with a chew toy .
neutral	An old man holding a sign for tattoos soliciting company on the street .	The males is a tattoo artist .
neutral	An ancient man holding a sign for tattoos soliciting company on the street .	The males is a tattoo artist .
neutral	An older masculine holding a sign for tattoos soliciting corporation on the street .	The males is a tattooing artist .
neutral	People quest at tall oriental art piece .	The newest Chinese history exhibit is opened at the museum
neutral	People quest at tall eastern art piece .	The new Chinese history exhibit is openings at the museum
neutral	People looking at tall east art piece .	The newest Chinese history exhibit is opens at the museum
neutral	An Obama Biden supporter cheers for the Presidential candidate and his running mate .	A man is at a political rallying .
neutral	An Obama Biden supporter cheers for the Presidential candidates and his running mate .	A male is at a politics rally .
neutral	An Obama Biden supporter cheers for the Presidential nominee and his running mating .	A males is at a politics rallying .
neutral	A male attired in a suit and bowler style hat plays a sousaphone which has flames coming out of the top .	He is a professionals musician .
neutral	A man clothed in a suit and bowler style hat plays a sousaphone which has flames coming out of the top .	He is a professional musician .
neutral	A males dressed in a suit and bowler style hat plays a sousaphone which has flames coming out of the top .	He is a professional musician .
neutral	A men sail his facial hairstyle .	He is deciding whether he should trimming his beard .
neutral	A masculine probing his facial hairdo .	He is decide whether he should trim his beard .
neutral	A masculine sailing his facial hairdo .	He is decide whether he should trimming his beard .
neutral	A men with no shirt on is performing with a baton .	A mens is trying his best at the national championship of baton .
neutral	A male with no shirt on is performing with a baton .	A males is trying his best at the national championship of baton .
neutral	A male with no shirt on is performing with a baton .	A man is trying his best at the national championship of baton .
neutral	A solo cyclist is riding down a windy road .	The biking falls down the windy road
neutral	A solo cycling is riding down a windy path .	The moped falls down the windy road
neutral	A solo moped is riding down a windy path .	The moped falls down the windy road
neutral	A black and white dog jumps for a tennis ball .	A frontier collie is jumping to catching a toy .
neutral	A black and white dog jumps for a tennis ball .	A borders collie is jumping to catching a toy .
neutral	A black and white dog jumps for a tennis ball .	A frontier collie is jumping to catching a toy .
neutral	A group of people having a talking .	People are talking approximately politics .
neutral	A panels of people having a discussions .	People are conversations approximately political .
neutral	A grouping of people having a talking .	People are talking approximately political .
neutral	A males clothed in a brown shirt and tan shorts is down on one knee searching at some type of machinery .	The masculine is a repairman .
neutral	A mens clothed in a brown shirt and tan shorts is down on one knee searches at some type of machinery .	The male is a repairman .
neutral	A mens dressed in a brown shirt and tan shorts is down on one knee search at some type of machinery .	The males is a repairman .
neutral	The German shepherd runs happily in the park .	Dog runs outer with his homeowner .
neutral	The German shepherd runs happily in the park .	Dog runs exterior with his landlord .
neutral	The German shepherd runs happily in the park .	Dog runs outdoor with his landlord .
neutral	A man is rolling a suitcase in front of a bunch of red flowering .	A man just got back from a corporations trip .
neutral	A males is rolling a baggage in front of a bunch of red flower .	A mens just got back from a ventures trip .
neutral	A masculine is rolling a baggage in front of a bunch of red flowering .	A mens just got back from a corporate trips .
neutral	A games similar to baseball is being played as a ball closes in on the player who is readies to strike .	A boy is about to hit a home run .
neutral	A games similar to baseball is being played as a ball closes in on the player who is poised to strike .	A boy is about to hit a home run .
neutral	A games similar to baseball is being played as a ball closes in on the player who is braced to strike .	A boy is roughly to hit a home run .
neutral	A man in a lab coat is searching through a microscope .	A researcher is review a new strain of virus
neutral	A mens in a lab coat is quest through a microscope .	A scientists is exam a novel strain of virus
neutral	A men in a laboratory coat is quest through a microscope .	A investigator is exams a newest strain of virus
neutral	A youthful boy in green is practice kicking .	the underage boy is playing soccer
neutral	A young boy in green is practicing kicking .	the adolescents boy is play soccer
neutral	A adolescent boy in green is practicing kicking .	the children boy is play soccer
neutral	A woman taking candy off of a shelf and putting it in a box .	A female packaged candy for a friend
neutral	A females taking candy off of a shelf and putting it in a box .	A women packing candy for a friend
neutral	A woman taking candy off of a shelf and putting it in a box .	A woman packaged candy for a friend
neutral	Two performers , one males play a guitar , and one woman with a mic raised to her mouth are sitting on chair performing .	The males and women are doing karaoke together at a bar .
neutral	Two performers , one male playing a guitar , and one women with a mic raised to her mouth are sitting on chair performing .	The masculine and females are doing karaoke together at a bar .
neutral	Two performers , one man playing a guitar , and one female with a mic raised to her mouth are sitting on chair performing .	The masculine and females are doing karaoke together at a bar .
neutral	Two teams of male are playing basketball on a court in an hollow stadium .	The mens are making shots .
neutral	Two teams of mens are playing basketball on a court in an hollow stadium .	The man are making shots .
neutral	Two teams of man are playing basketball on a court in an hollow stadium .	The males are making shots .
neutral	A masculine in dark apparel walking in a transit station .	A felon working his manner through the transit station
neutral	A masculine in dark apparel walking in a transit station .	A criminal working his manner through the transit station
neutral	A male in dark clothing walking in a transit station .	A criminal working his manner through the transit station
neutral	A male is working in an art studio and is surrounded by art supplies .	A man is is an artist teaching art classes
neutral	A mens is working in an art studio and is surrounded by art supplies .	A man is is an artist teaching art classes
neutral	A mens is working in an art studio and is surrounded by art supplies .	A man is is an artist teaching art classes
neutral	Two beautiful , petite daughter with dark hairstyle and dark complexions are sitting down eating cupcakes .	Kids eating cupcakes that their mam gave them .
neutral	Two beautiful , petite daughter with dark hairstyle and dark complexions are sitting down eating cupcakes .	Kids eating cupcakes that their ma gave them .
neutral	Two beautiful , little girl with dark hairstyle and dark complexions are sitting down eating cupcakes .	Kids eating cupcakes that their mummy gave them .
neutral	A individuals clothed in negro and red protective gear drive an ATV on a track .	There is a persons driving in a tournament .
neutral	A individuals dressed in negro and red protecting gear drive an ATV on a track .	There is a person drives in a tournament .
neutral	A persons dressed in negro and red protect gear driving an ATV on a track .	There is a persons drive in a tournament .
neutral	Six people are jumping up in excitement with costumes on with vibrant pink and orange colours in the skies are four hot aerial balloons they appear to be in a dried dessert setting	Six people are celebrating halloween .
neutral	Six people are jumping up in excitement with costumes on with vibrant pink and orange coloring in the sky are four hot planes balloons they appear to be in a dehydrated dessert setting	Six people are celebrating halloween .
neutral	Six people are jumping up in excitement with costumes on with vibrant pink and orange colours in the skies are four hot jets balloons they appear to be in a dehydrated dessert setting	Six people are celebrating halloween .
neutral	Female gymnasts warm up prior a competition .	Gymnasts get readies for the supreme rivalry of their lifetime .
neutral	Female gymnasts warming up before a contest .	Gymnasts get prepared for the biggest rivalry of their life .
neutral	Female gymnasts warming up before a rivalry .	Gymnasts get readies for the strongest rivalry of their life .
neutral	an antique man wearing a suit has his weapon folded behind his back and quest in a boutique window .	Gentleman window shops .
neutral	an antique masculine wearing a suit has his pistols folded behind his back and searching in a store window .	Gentleman window shops .
neutral	an ancient mens wearing a suit has his pistols folded behind his back and searching in a boutique window .	Gentleman window shops .
neutral	an elder masculine wearing a suit has his weapons folded behind his back and searching in a boutique window .	Well attired looter .
neutral	an ancient men wearing a suit has his weapons folded behind his back and searching in a store window .	Well clothed looter .
neutral	an elderly male wearing a suit has his rifles folded behind his back and quest in a store window .	Well clothed looter .
neutral	an elderly man wearing a suit has his gunpoint folded behind his back and search in a boutique window .	Businessman considers buys a gift .
neutral	an aging mens wearing a suit has his shotguns folded behind his back and searching in a boutique window .	Businessman considers purchases a gift .
neutral	an aged men wearing a suit has his weapons folded behind his back and searches in a boutique window .	Businessman considers buys a gift .
neutral	Two male are drumming , one is standing and one is sitting down .	Some member of the marching band are sitting while others are standing .
neutral	Two males are drumming , one is standing and one is sitting down .	Some member of the marching band are sitting while others are standing .
neutral	Two males are drumming , one is standing and one is sitting down .	Some member of the marching band are sitting while others are standing .
neutral	Dark-haired mens wearing a watch and furnace mitt approximately to cooking some meat in the kitchen .	A masculine is going to surprise his wife with dinner .
neutral	Dark-haired men wearing a watch and ovens mitt approximately to cook some meat in the kitchen .	A males is going to surprise his wife with dinner .
neutral	Dark-haired man wearing a watch and kiln mitt roughly to cooking some meat in the kitchen .	A man is going to surprise his wife with dinner .
neutral	A dame wearing a blue attire and earrings , is sitting at a tables with a napkin in her hand and her elbow on the table .	The woman is waiting for her ordering .
neutral	A lady wearing a blue garb and earrings , is sitting at a tables with a napkin in her hand and her elbow on the tables .	The women is waiting for her order .
neutral	A dame wearing a blue attire and earrings , is sitting at a table with a napkin in her hand and her elbow on the table .	The woman is wait for her order .
neutral	One mens , wearing a blue shirt , standing on the back of a truck in a marketplace .	The males is delivering items .
neutral	One mens , wearing a blue shirt , standing on the back of a truck in a markets .	The man is delivering items .
neutral	One man , wearing a blue shirt , standing on the back of a truck in a markets .	The mens is delivering items .
neutral	A individuals flying through the airliner on a motorbikes .	A person just lost control as they flew off the curb on their cycle .
neutral	A person flying through the aviation on a motorcycles .	A persons just lost controlling as they flew off the curb on their moped .
neutral	A individuals flying through the plane on a biking .	A person just lost controls as they flew off the curb on their bicycles .
neutral	The brown and negro dogs are carrying a hefty logging in the meadow .	brown and negro dogs carrying a immense recorded in the meadow to show their landlord .
neutral	The brown and black dogs are carrying a immense logging in the meadow .	brown and negro dogs carry a overwhelming register in the meadow to show their landlord .
neutral	The brown and negro dogs are carry a enormous registration in the meadow .	brown and negro dogs carry a heavy registering in the meadow to show their owners .
neutral	Two mens renovate a brick wall outer .	Two mens are laying bricks .
neutral	Two men renovate a brick wall outside .	Two male are laying bricks .
neutral	Two men renovate a brick wall outdoor .	Two male are laying bricks .
neutral	Two mens are fixing the side of an antiquated brick building .	Construction workers at a job .
neutral	Two male are fixing the side of an seniors brick building .	Construction workers at a job .
neutral	Two masculine are fixing the side of an age brick building .	Construction workers at a job .
neutral	A brown dog sniffing at the fencing of a brown bull .	The brown dog was searching intently at the bull on the other side .
neutral	A brown dog sniffing at the fence of a brown bull .	The brown dog was looking intently at the bull on the other side .
neutral	A brown dog sniffing at the fences of a brown bull .	The brown dog was search intently at the bull on the other side .
neutral	A persons sitting on the nook , wrapped in a blanket in front of a metal door .	The individuals is comfortable .
neutral	A persons sitting on the corner , wrapped in a blanket in front of a metal door .	The person is cozy .
neutral	A individuals sitting on the cornering , wrapped in a blanket in front of a metals gate .	The individuals is cozy .
neutral	A person sitting on the corner , wrapped in a blanket in front of a metallic door .	The individuals is sitting on the floor .
neutral	A persons sitting on the corner , wrapped in a blanket in front of a metals gate .	The individuals is sitting on the floor .
neutral	A person sitting on the cornering , wrapped in a blanket in front of a metal door .	The individuals is sitting on the floor .
neutral	A mens on stilts is performing a magical trick while bystanders enjoy .	a masculine on stilts performs a magic trick for bystanders at his school .
neutral	A male on stilts is performing a magical ploy while onlookers enjoy .	a males on stilts performs a magic ploy for onlookers at his school .
neutral	A man on stilts is performing a magical trick while bystanders enjoy .	a man on stilts performs a magic trick for onlookers at his school .
neutral	Three people are making transactions at an automated teller machine .	Three women wait for an ATM .
neutral	Three people are making transactions at an automated teller machine .	Three woman wait for an ATM .
neutral	Three people are making transactions at an automatic cashier machine .	Three female waiting for an ATM .
neutral	A young redheaded females laughs at something .	A greasy redheaded woman laughs at something .
neutral	A juvenile redheaded woman laughs at something .	A greasy redheaded females laughs at something .
neutral	A miners redheaded woman laughs at something .	A gras redheaded females laughs at something .
neutral	A teens boy gets his photography taken with Mr. and Mrs. Clause .	A miners boy 's mam takes his photographing with Mr. and Mrs. Clause .
neutral	A kids boy gets his photographic taken with Mr. and Mrs. Clause .	A minors boy 's momma takes his photograph with Mr. and Mrs. Clause .
neutral	A youths boy gets his photos taken with Mr. and Mrs. Clause .	A teenager boy 's mum takes his images with Mr. and Mrs. Clause .
neutral	A males is wearing protection hairstyle and face coverings .	A masculine is working in a restaurant .
neutral	A masculine is wearing protecting hairdo and face coverings .	A masculine is working in a restaurant .
neutral	A male is wearing protects hairstyle and face coverings .	A men is working in a restaurant .
neutral	One lady is searches at a blue box while the shorter lady is searching at something on her phone at the grocery boutique .	one lady looks at a products while another looks the products up on her phone
neutral	One dame is search at a blue box while the shorter lady is searching at something on her telephone at the grocery store .	one dame looks at a product while another looks the products up on her phone
neutral	One lady is search at a blue box while the shorter lady is looking at something on her phones at the grocery boutique .	one dame looks at a product while another looks the product up on her phone
neutral	Two youths mens are on a huge , levels expanse of grass , and the mens in the red shirt is catching the white Frisbee .	There are other people playing with them .
neutral	Two children man are on a gigantic , grades expanse of grass , and the males in the red shirt is catching the white Frisbee .	There are other people playing with them .
neutral	Two teenage masculine are on a big , levels expanse of grass , and the men in the red shirt is catching the white Frisbee .	There are other people play with them .
neutral	A panels of people cleanup some kins of sea animal .	The people are at the beach .
neutral	A groups of people cleanup some kins of sea zoo .	The people are at the beach .
neutral	A panel of people cleanup some kins of seas animals .	The people are at the beach .
neutral	Seven men are preparing to operate a helicopter	Two trainers are teaching a petite class of five how to fly a helicopters .
neutral	Seven mens are preparing to operate a helicopter	Two instructors are teaching a small class of fifth how to flies a helicopter .
neutral	Seven male are preparing to operate a helicopter	Two trainers are teaching a little class of five how to fly a chopper .
neutral	A worker peers out from atop a building under construction .	A mens is atop of a building .
neutral	A worker peers out from atop a building under construction .	A man is atop of a building .
neutral	A worker peers out from atop a building under construction .	A male is atop of a building .
neutral	Passengers in a rusty yellow automobiles driving down the street .	An antiquated taxis drive on a street .
neutral	Passengers in a rusty yellow vehicular driving down the street .	An antiquated taxi drives on a street .
neutral	Passengers in a rusted yellow vehicles drive down the street .	An older taxis driving on a street .
neutral	A man in a white shirt taking a photographer .	the male is a photographer
neutral	A males in a white shirt taking a photography .	the masculine is a photographer
neutral	A men in a white shirt taking a image .	the man is a photographer
neutral	People walk outdoor `` The Tempe Bar '' .	Bar goers walk around outboard after last calling .
neutral	People walk outboard `` The Tempe Bar '' .	Bar goers walk around outer after last call .
neutral	People walk outdoor `` The Tempe Bar '' .	Bar goers walk around outboard after last call .
neutral	Child swim in a pool .	A teenagers swims laps in a lap pool .
neutral	Child swim in a pool .	A kid swims laps in a lap pool .
neutral	Child swimming in a pool .	A juvenile swims laps in a lap pool .
neutral	A man in a white shirt hiking over rocks and water .	A man is hiking with his girlfriend .
neutral	A male in a white shirt hiking over rocks and water .	A men is hiking with his girlfriend .
neutral	A males in a white shirt hiking over rocks and water .	A man is hiking with his girlfriend .
neutral	A dog open its mouth to catch a blue and yellow toy .	The doggie is hunted a ball .
neutral	A dog openings its mouth to catch a blue and yellow toy .	The schnauzer is manhunt a ball .
neutral	A dog openings its mouth to catch a blue and yellow toy .	The schnauzer is hunting a ball .
neutral	A white dog next to a basement window .	A Pomeranian next to a window
neutral	A white dog next to a cellar window .	A Pomeranian next to a window
neutral	A white dog next to a cellar window .	A Pomeranian next to a window
neutral	A youth adolescents joyfully pulls colorful tissue paper from a decorated box , searches for his present .	a kids open a present on his birthday
neutral	A minor juvenile joyfully pulls colorful tissue paper from a decorated box , looking for his present .	a juvenile opening a present on his birthday
neutral	A miner teen joyfully pulls colorful tissue paper from a decorated box , searching for his present .	a underage opens a present on his birthday
neutral	A men is throwing a small white ball at some red cups .	The male is outside
neutral	A mens is throwing a small white ball at some red cups .	The males is outside
neutral	A mens is throwing a small white ball at some red cups .	The men is outside
neutral	Person walking down lit tunnels with green handrail .	a person walking in a tunnels is lost
neutral	Person walking down lit tunnels with green handrail .	a persons walking in a tunnels is lost
neutral	Person walking down lit tunnels with green handrail .	a persons walking in a tunnel is lost
neutral	A smaller miners climbing a stack of tape even though the sign warns against it .	A young who 's too smaller to read climbs a unsafe stack of recorded .
neutral	A adolescent miners climbing a stack of registers even though the sign alert against it .	A youngsters who 's too youngsters to read climbs a insecure stack of recordings .
neutral	A smaller children climb a stack of recording even though the sign warns against it .	A children who 's too minors to read climbs a dangerous stack of registering .
neutral	A minor boy in red leaping into sand at a playground .	A youthful boy jumps onto his friends sand castle at a playground .
neutral	A miners boy in red leaping into sand at a playground .	A smaller boy jumps onto his friends sand castle at a playground .
neutral	A youngsters boy in red leaping into sand at a playground .	A youthful boy jumps onto his friends sand castle at a playground .
neutral	a immense black dog jumps in the aviation to catch the tennis ball in his mouth .	A dog is outdoors .
neutral	a immense negro dog jumps in the aircraft to catch the tennis ball in his mouth .	A dog is outdoors .
neutral	a immense black dog jumps in the planes to catch the tennis ball in his mouth .	A dog is outdoors .
neutral	A petite girl in a pink hat is in a lush green field walking an ox .	A daughters in a hat is walking her ox to get home .
neutral	A little daughter in a pink hat is in a lush green field walking an ox .	A girls in a hat is walking her ox to get home .
neutral	A little daughter in a pink hat is in a lush green field walking an ox .	A girls in a hat is walking her ox to get home .
neutral	A surfer is performing a jumping stunt in the marina .	A daring masculine in the surf .
neutral	A surfing is performing a jumping stunt in the ocean .	A daring man in the surfing .
neutral	A surfing is performing a jumping stunt in the navy .	A daring men in the surfer .
neutral	A woman is standing at a podium .	The women is making a speach approximately agriculture .
neutral	A females is standing at a podium .	The women is making a speach roughly agriculture .
neutral	A women is standing at a podium .	The women is making a speach about agriculture .
neutral	A males wearing a white button down shirt is walking down the street .	The man is on his way to a films .
neutral	A masculine wearing a white button down shirt is walking down the street .	The men is on his way to a films .
neutral	A male wearing a white button down shirt is walking down the street .	The men is on his manner to a movie .
neutral	A women and a teens daughters are eating side by side .	A mum and her daughters eating sandwiches together .
neutral	A woman and a youth girls are eating side by side .	A moms and her girl eating sandwiches together .
neutral	A females and a kid girls are eating side by side .	A ma and her girl eating sandwiches together .
neutral	A minor Asian women wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans sits on her motorcycle , as a juveniles boy , with his motorcycles down , looks up .	The miner boy 's bicycle is broken .
neutral	A adolescence Asian women wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans sits on her bicycling , as a youngsters boy , with his bicycle down , looks up .	The smaller boy 's cycle is broken .
neutral	A minor Asian female wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans sits on her motorbike , as a teenager boy , with his cycling down , looks up .	The adolescent boy 's bicycling is broken .
neutral	A youngsters Asian females wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans sits on her bicycling , as a kids boy , with his cycling down , looks up .	This miner boy is shorter than this kids women .
neutral	A adolescents Asian females wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans sits on her motorcycle , as a child boy , with his bicycles down , looks up .	This adolescents boy is shorter than this adolescence females .
neutral	A teens Asian women wearing a blue shirt and blue jeans sits on her mopeds , as a youthful boy , with his cyclist down , looks up .	This smaller boy is shorter than this miners woman .
neutral	A blond woman in a blue shirt looks on at an event .	The woman is naturally blonde .
neutral	A blond females in a blue shirt looks on at an event .	The women is naturally blonde .
neutral	A blond female in a blue shirt looks on at an events .	The females is naturally blonde .
neutral	A male sitting down enjoy his coffee at a coffee shop .	A men eats a doughnut with his coffee .
neutral	A men sitting down enjoy his coffee at a coffee shop .	A males eats a doughnut with his coffee .
neutral	A male sitting down enjoy his coffee at a coffee shop .	A male eats a doughnut with his coffee .
neutral	two boys reading superhero books	Two boys reading a book about spiderman .
neutral	two boys reading superhero books	Two boys reading a book roughly spiderman .
neutral	two boys reading superhero books	Two boys reading a book approximately spiderman .
neutral	A male is wearing a blue and yellow errand uniformed while holding a bottle	this guy is wearing a races uniform while holding a bottle of punch
neutral	A male is wearing a blue and yellow racing standardized while holding a bottle	this guy is wearing a racing uniformed while holding a bottle of punch
neutral	A male is wearing a blue and yellow races uniformed while holding a bottle	this guy is wearing a races standardized while holding a bottle of punch
neutral	A happy female who is preparing for dinner .	A woman is cook dinner for the guests .
neutral	A happy women who is preparing for dinner .	A females is cooking dinner for the guests .
neutral	A happy woman who is preparing for dinner .	A females is cooking dinner for the guests .
neutral	A boy pushing a girl on a toy SUV .	A boy is pushing a daughter on a toy SUV inside of a nice house .
neutral	A boy pushing a daughter on a toy SUV .	A boy is pushing a daughter on a toy SUV indoor of a nice houses .
neutral	A boy pushing a girl on a toy SUV .	A boy is pushing a girl on a toy SUV interior of a nice homes .
neutral	The man in the negro hat has his back to a theatre sign .	The male is deciding whether is should watch a cinema at the theatre or not .
neutral	The mens in the negro hat has his back to a theaters sign .	The man is decide whether is should watch a movie at the theatre or not .
neutral	The men in the black hat has his back to a theater sign .	The mens is deciding whether is should watch a movie at the theater or not .
neutral	A males wearing a black sweater and a knitting chaps sits in front of mountain scenery , with a overcast sky overhead .	A men has hairstyle .
neutral	A mens wearing a negro jumper and a knit caps sits in front of mountain scenery , with a cloudy sky overhead .	A mens has hairdo .
neutral	A masculine wearing a black jumper and a knit ceilings sits in front of mountain scenery , with a overcast sky overhead .	A male has hairstyle .
neutral	A bearded mens wears a roughly sewn hooded costume emblazoned with images of Spiderman .	A men dressing for a show
neutral	A bearded males wears a approximately sewn hooded costume emblazoned with photographic of Spiderman .	A men dressing for a show
neutral	A bearded man wears a about sewn hooded costume emblazoned with image of Spiderman .	A males dressing for a show
neutral	A guy with a football , a crowd watching him .	A quarterback looks for a recipient during a football game .
neutral	A guy with a football , a crowd watching him .	A quarterback looks for a recipient during a football game .
neutral	A guy with a football , a crowd watching him .	A quarterback looks for a recipient during a football games .
neutral	Two daughters walking , both with a white shirt and blue shorts on .	Two daughters are wearing school uniform .
neutral	Two girls walking , both with a white shirt and blue shorts on .	Two daughter are wearing school uniformed .
neutral	Two girls walking , both with a white shirt and blue shorts on .	Two girls are wearing school uniform .
neutral	A sole moped rider probing a rough terrain course through dirt with trees and grass in the background on a cloud free day .	Somebody is riding a motorcycle on the nature trail .
neutral	A loner cycle rider navigating a coarse terrain course through filth with tree and grass in the background on a cloud free day .	Somebody is riding a bicycles on the nature trail .
neutral	A loner bicycle rider navigator a coarse terrain course through dirt with trees and grass in the background on a cloud free day .	Somebody is riding a cycle on the nature trail .
neutral	A mens with a red beard and mustache is smiling and wearing a hat crocheted with green yarn and Miller beer cans .	A mens with a red beard and mustache is smiling and laugh .
neutral	A male with a red beard and mustache is smiling and wearing a hat crocheted with green yarn and Miller beer cans .	A mens with a red beard and mustache is smiling and laugh .
neutral	A man with a red beard and mustache is smiling and wearing a hat crocheted with green yarn and Miller beer cans .	A man with a red beard and mustache is smiling and laugh .
neutral	Two woman are hugging on a road through a grassy zone with a cow visible past them .	the female have rounded up the last cow for the fall
neutral	Two woman are hugging on a pathway through a grassy sphere with a cow visible past them .	the females have rounded up the last cow for the fall
neutral	Two women are hugging on a route through a grassy areas with a cow visible past them .	the female have rounded up the last cow for the fall
neutral	Two African American masculine laugh with aprons on , while a thirds males wearing a chef jacket is on a mobiles phone .	The three man are taking a break at work in the kitchen .
neutral	Two African American masculine laugh with aprons on , while a thirds masculine wearing a chef jacket is on a movable cellphones .	The three males are taking a break at work in the kitchen .
neutral	Two African American males laughing with aprons on , while a thirds masculine wearing a chef jacket is on a cellular cellphones .	The three men are taking a break at work in the kitchen .
neutral	Two African American males laugh with aprons on , while a third male wearing a chef jacket is on a notebook phones .	Three African American male work together in the food industry .
neutral	Two African American males laugh with aprons on , while a third masculine wearing a chef jacket is on a laptop cellphones .	Three African American males work together in the food industry .
neutral	Two African American men laugh with aprons on , while a thirds masculine wearing a chef jacket is on a cellular telephone .	Three African American mens work together in the food industry .
neutral	Basketball umpire watching a team player hang from the hoop .	A man working difficult .
neutral	Basketball referees watching a team player hang from the hoop .	A men working difficult .
neutral	Basketball umpire watching a team player hang from the hoop .	A males working strenuous .
neutral	a group of skiers jumping down slopes with the sun directly casting in backgroud	The sun sets as a groups of skiers completes a race .
neutral	a groups of skiers jumping down slopes with the sun directly cast in backgroud	The sun sets as a group of skiers complete a errand .
neutral	a panel of skiers jumping down slopes with the sun directly casting in backgroud	The sun sets as a panel of skiers completing a racing .
neutral	Four humanity digit are backlit by a sunset .	Four male are sitting in the shade under the bright glare of the sun
neutral	Four human digit are backlit by a sunset .	Four man are sitting in the shade under the bright glare of the sun
neutral	Four humanity digit are backlit by a sunset .	Four man are sitting in the shade under the bright glare of the sun
neutral	Four human figures are backlit by a sunset .	Four males are standing on a hill watching a sunset
neutral	Four humanity digit are backlit by a sunset .	Four men are standing on a hill watching a sunset
neutral	Four mankind digit are backlit by a sunset .	Four masculine are standing on a hill watching a sunset
neutral	Seven youths daughter are being creative and making posters .	The girl are using paints and markers on the signs .
neutral	Seven teenage daughter are being creative and making placards .	The daughters are using paintings and markers on the signs .
neutral	Seven child daughters are being creative and making posters .	The daughter are using painted and markers on the signs .
neutral	A men in a suit drive a horse-drawn buggy down a stone street .	The male is an amish men .
neutral	A male in a suit drive a horse-drawn buggy down a stone street .	The men is an amish males .
neutral	A mens in a suit drives a horse-drawn buggy down a stone street .	The men is an amish men .
neutral	A mens wait in an airfield terminal writes on a piece of paper as others are seen behind .	People trying to read what a man is write .
neutral	A masculine wait in an airport terminals writes on a piece of paper as others are seen behind .	People trying to read what a man is write .
neutral	A male wait in an airport terminal writes on a piece of paper as others are seen behind .	People trying to read what a men is writing .
neutral	A child is standing in a field and is in the upswing stance after hitting a golfing ball .	The child has just made a hole-in-one while play golfer .
neutral	A youths is standing in a field and is in the upswing position after hitting a golfing ball .	The smaller has just made a hole-in-one while play golfer .
neutral	A adolescents is standing in a field and is in the upswing stance after hitting a golfer ball .	The adolescents has just made a hole-in-one while playing golf .
neutral	A men and women walking down the street holding satchel in their hands and smiling both wearing negro and white garment .	A husband and wife walk down the street .
neutral	A masculine and female walking down the street holding sac in their hands and smiling both wearing negro and white garments .	A husband and wife walk down the street .
neutral	A man and females walking down the street holding backpack in their hands and smiling both wearing black and white garments .	A husband and wife walk down the street .
neutral	Three mens stand on a sidewalk wearing construction hats .	The constuction crew is waiting for the next delivery of supplies
neutral	Three masculine stand on a sidewalk wearing construction hats .	The constuction crew is waiting for the next delivery of supplies
neutral	Three masculine stand on a pavement wearing construction hats .	The constuction crew is waiting for the next delivery of supplies
neutral	A children female wearing a white sleeveless frock with red flowers is conversation on her mobile as she walks down a street .	A underage females wearing a white sleeveless attire lined with real red flowering conversation to her boyfriend on her notepad as she walks down a soothe street pavement .
neutral	A youth females wearing a white sleeveless attire with red flower is conversation on her cellular as she walks down a street .	A adolescents female wearing a white sleeveless dress lined with real red flowers conversation to her boyfriend on her notebook as she walks down a quiet street pavement .
neutral	A teenagers woman wearing a white sleeveless garb with red flower is conversations on her mobile as she walks down a street .	A children women wearing a white sleeveless frock lined with real red flowering discussions to her boyfriend on her cellular as she walks down a quiet street sidewalk .
neutral	A males in a negro shirt is quest at a mopeds in a workshop .	A male is decide which cycle to buy
neutral	A mens in a negro shirt is search at a biking in a workshop .	A man is decide which motorcycles to buy
neutral	A mens in a negro shirt is searches at a biking in a workshop .	A male is decide which cycling to buy
neutral	A blond little boy in an orange sweatshirt with red sleeves is using scissors to chop something .	A blond small boy is cutting out little stars for his small sister .
neutral	A blond little boy in an orange sweatshirt with red sleeves is using scissors to cutting something .	A blond petite boy is cutting out small stars for his little sister .
neutral	A blond petite boy in an orange sweatshirt with red sleeves is using scissors to cutting something .	A blond petite boy is cut out petite stars for his small sister .
neutral	A black women holding a sign that says , `` free hugs '' in the city .	a cadet woman is holding a sign
neutral	A black women holding a sign that says , `` free hugs '' in the city .	a cadet female is holding a sign
neutral	A black woman holding a sign that says , `` free hugs '' in the town .	a younger women is holding a sign
neutral	A blond headed juveniles in yellow boots and yellow jacket vest play in the gravel with his pail , shovel and trucks .	A blonde boy is play near a construction areas .
neutral	A blond headed teenage in yellow boots and yellow jacket vest playing in the gravel with his pail , shovel and trucks .	A blonde boy is playing near a construction spheres .
neutral	A blond headed smaller in yellow boots and yellow jacket vest playing in the gravel with his bucket , shovel and trucks .	A blonde boy is playing near a construction sphere .
neutral	Some teens are play a cards game	people play poker
neutral	Some minors are playing a valentines game	people playing poker
neutral	Some teenaged are playing a valentines game	people playing poker
neutral	A females in a white tennis outfit is jumping up to hit the ball .	women playing
neutral	A female in a white tennis outfit is jumping up to hit the ball .	women playing
neutral	A females in a white tennis outfit is jumping up to hit the ball .	women playing
neutral	four minors are dancing around a pole in a city street .	Four girls are dance around a poles .
neutral	four child are dancing around a poles in a town street .	Four girls are dance around a pole .
neutral	four teenager are dance around a poles in a city street .	Four daughters are dance around a poles .
neutral	a panels of construction workers busy refinishing a underground station .	A team of construction workers are hurrying to get back on calendar .
neutral	a panels of construction workers busy refinishing a metro station .	A team of construction workers are hurrying to get back on time .
neutral	a group of construction workers busy refinishing a underpass station .	A team of construction workers are hurrying to get back on time .
neutral	A males on a skateboarding performs a ploy in the midair against the backdrop of a bright blue skies .	A mens is a good skateboarder
neutral	A men on a skateboard performs a trick in the airplane against the backdrop of a bright blue skies .	A men is a good skateboarder
neutral	A male on a skateboarding performs a trick in the airlines against the backdrop of a bright blue skies .	A males is a good skateboarder
neutral	A adolescents daughters holding a toddler .	A sister holds her petite brother .
neutral	A child daughter holding a toddler .	A sister holds her small brother .
neutral	A teenagers girl holding a toddler .	A sister holds her petite brother .
neutral	A persons attired in white and black winter garments leaps a restricted , water-filled ditch from one frost-covered field to another , where a females attired in negro coat and undergarments awaiting .	The female awaits the males leaping is his sister .
neutral	A persons dressed in white and black winter clothing leaps a confined , water-filled ditch from one frost-covered field to another , where a female clothed in negro coat and panties awaiting .	The female awaits the men leaping is his sister .
neutral	A person clothed in white and negro winter sportswear leaps a restricted , water-filled ditch from one frost-covered field to another , where a females attired in black coat and trousers awaits .	The woman awaits the mens leaping is his sister .
neutral	A somber search masculine with goggles pilots a ship .	The hungover men drives his yacht to work .
neutral	A bleak looking males with eyeglasses pilots a shipping .	The hungover masculine drives his shipping to work .
neutral	A somber search male with glasses pilots a exploring .	The hungover masculine driving his investigation to work .
neutral	A masculine with a duffel wallets and girls pushing a cart walk down a street .	A mens with a duffel purses walks along side a daughter pushing a cart down a busy street .
neutral	A man with a duffel knapsack and daughter pushing a cart walk down a street .	A masculine with a duffel bag walks along side a girl pushing a cart down a busy street .
neutral	A males with a duffel bag and girls pushing a cart walk down a street .	A mens with a duffel bags walks along side a daughters pushing a cart down a busy street .
neutral	A mens wearing a brown hoodie is shopping for snacks .	The males is in a boutique .
neutral	A masculine wearing a brown hoodie is shopping for snacks .	The males is in a store .
neutral	A masculine wearing a brown hoodie is shopping for snacks .	The males is in a store .
neutral	A women in a white garb with a white umbrellas is giving something to a woman in dark blue .	A friend in white givers her blue attired friend something .
neutral	A women in a white frock with a white umbrellas is giving something to a female in dark blue .	A friend in white givers her blue dressed friend something .
neutral	A females in a white dress with a white umbrellas is giving something to a female in dark blue .	A friend in white givers her blue dressed friend something .
neutral	A females in negro walks past a shop sale a t-shirt depicting a tattooed woman smokes a cigarette .	A female is window shopping for a newer outfit .
neutral	A woman in black walks past a shop sell a t-shirt depicting a tattooed women smoker a cigarette .	A women is window shopping for a newer outfit .
neutral	A woman in negro walks past a shop sell a t-shirt depicting a tattooed female smoker a cigarette .	A woman is window shopping for a newest outfit .
neutral	A couple of newlyweds kiss underneath the bride 's veil .	The newlyweds are kissing in a church during the marries .
neutral	A couple of newlyweds kiss underneath the bride 's veil .	The newlyweds are kiss in a church during the married .
neutral	A couple of newlyweds kissing underneath the bride 's veil .	The newlyweds are kissing in a church during the matrimony .
neutral	Elderly women in blue apron balancing a basket on her head on a pavement while conversation to a female attired in negro .	The woman balancing a basket on her head is header to her neighboring housing .
neutral	Elderly women in blue apron balances a basket on her head on a pavement while conversation to a women clothed in black .	The women balances a basket on her head is header to her adjacent housing .
neutral	Elderly women in blue apron balances a basket on her head on a pavement while conversation to a women attired in negro .	The female balancing a basket on her head is header to her adjacent homes .
neutral	A white males in a blue uniformed is pushing away a black mens in a red standardized while the two playing soccer on a green field .	A mens pushing away another mens on the soccer field because he pushed him first .
neutral	A white men in a blue uniforms is pushing away a black male in a red uniforms while the two play soccer on a green field .	A mens pushing away another males on the soccer field because he pushed him first .
neutral	A white mens in a blue uniform is pushing away a negro male in a red uniform while the two playing soccer on a green field .	A masculine pushing away another male on the soccer field because he pushed him first .
neutral	A female is taking a photograph on the shoulders of another females in chilly weather .	A females is taking a photograph with an older female .
neutral	A woman is taking a photo on the shoulders of another women in frigid weather .	A woman is taking a photo with an old woman .
neutral	A women is taking a photographing on the shoulders of another women in colder weather .	A female is taking a photographing with an elderly females .
neutral	A panel in uniforms marches carrying red signs with Chinese lettering on them .	a militants Chinese panels lead a protesting with red signs
neutral	A group in uniform marches carrying red signs with Chinese lettering on them .	a militants Chinese panel lead a demonstrations with red signs
neutral	A panels in uniformed marches carry red signs with Chinese lettering on them .	a militant Chinese groups lead a protesting with red signs
neutral	It 's another day of celebration , with a parade and signs , with myriad people in attendance .	People are celebrating a local festival , cheers alonside a parade
neutral	It 's another day of celebration , with a parade and signs , with diverse people in attendance .	People are celebrating a local festival , cheers alonside a parade
neutral	It 's another day of celebration , with a parade and signs , with differing people in attendance .	People are celebrating a local festival , cheers alonside a parade
neutral	A female drives a moped wearing a white blouse with her brown hairdo blowing in the wind .	The females is riding her bicycles to retaining fuel use .
neutral	A females driving a cycle wearing a white blouse with her brown hairdo blowing in the wind .	The females is riding her bike to maintain fuel use .
neutral	A female drives a motorbikes wearing a white blouse with her brown hairdo blowing in the wind .	The women is riding her moped to keep fuel use .
neutral	Two dancers in pink tops and striped capri bottoms perform on stage barefoot .	Dancers are performing to Latin music .
neutral	Two dancers in pink tops and striped capri bottoms perform on stage barefoot .	Dancers are performing to Latin music .
neutral	Two dancers in pink tops and striped capri bottoms perform on stage barefoot .	Dancers are performing to Latin music .
neutral	Blond women overlooking Seattle Space Needle scene .	A tourist checking out Seattle .
neutral	Blond female overlooking Seattle Space Needle scene .	A sightseeing audit out Seattle .
neutral	Blond woman overlooking Seattle Space Needle scene .	A tourist audit out Seattle .
neutral	A men sits on a couch beside a colorful cushion with a pencil in his hand .	The men is drawing a photographs .
neutral	A mens sits on a couch beside a colorful cushion with a pencil in his hand .	The masculine is drawing a pictures .
neutral	A men sits on a couch beside a colorful cushion with a pencil in his hand .	The man is drawing a photo .
neutral	A few women and miner are collections item from rocks .	People are collecting special stones from rocks .
neutral	A few females and teenager are collecting item from rocks .	People are collects special stones from rocks .
neutral	A few women and minors are collects item from rocks .	People are collection special stones from rocks .
neutral	A group of child people pose for a pictures in a field	They are taking a class photographic .
neutral	A panels of kids people pose for a photographing in a field	They are taking a class photographic .
neutral	A groups of juveniles people pose for a image in a field	They are taking a class photo .
neutral	Two masculine stand in the center of a clearing with mountains in the background .	men at the center of a clearing wait for the rest of the group
neutral	Two man stand in the center of a clearing with mountains in the background .	men at the centre of a clearing waiting for the rest of the group
neutral	Two male stand in the center of a clearing with mountains in the background .	men at the center of a clearing wait for the resting of the group
neutral	A small boy with a red baseball chaps is on a bus with boys with yellow baseball cap on .	There are people riding the bus after school
neutral	A small boy with a red baseball caps is on a bus with boys with yellow baseball ceiling on .	There are people riding the bus after school
neutral	A small boy with a red baseball ceilings is on a bus with boys with yellow baseball chap on .	There are people riding the bus after school
neutral	A kid boy in a straw hat drinks out of a plastic pink cup .	A juvenile is holding a soda can and walking through the park .
neutral	A adolescent boy in a straw hat beverages out of a plastic pink cup .	A youngsters is holding a soda can and walking through the park .
neutral	A teenagers boy in a straw hat drinks out of a plastic pink cup .	A youthful is holding a soda can and walking through the park .
neutral	A mens in a leaf-patterned short stand behind a sunflower , smiling at the camera .	The males is outdoors .
neutral	A male in a leaf-patterned short stand behind a sunflower , smiling at the camera .	The males is outdoors .
neutral	A mens in a leaf-patterned short stand behind a sunflower , smiling at the camera .	The mens is outdoors .
neutral	A males in a leaf-patterned short stand behind a sunflower , smiling at the camera .	The males has breeches on .
neutral	A males in a leaf-patterned short stand behind a sunflower , smiling at the camera .	The mens has panties on .
neutral	A masculine in a leaf-patterned short stand behind a sunflower , smiling at the camera .	The masculine has panties on .
neutral	A boy wearing a yellow shirt and blue breeches is climb a tree in a hilly zone .	The boy is trying to get his kite down from the tree .
neutral	A boy wearing a yellow shirt and blue slacks is climb a tree in a hilly zone .	The boy is trying to get his kite down from the tree .
neutral	A boy wearing a yellow shirt and blue breeches is climb a trees in a mountainous areas .	The boy is trying to get his kite down from the tree .
neutral	A boy looks on at an electrified device with three batteries inland of it and wires all around .	The kid youths is working on his sciences projects .
neutral	A boy looks on at an electric device with three batteries interior of it and wired all around .	The adolescent adolescent is working on his scientific project .
neutral	A boy looks on at an electricity device with three batteries interior of it and wire all around .	The teen young is working on his science project .
neutral	A boy in a green shirt is sitting in an nearly hollow stadium .	A boy is attending an event
neutral	A boy in a green shirt is sitting in an almost empty stadium .	A boy is attending an event
neutral	A boy in a green shirt is sitting in an almost hollow stadium .	A boy is attending an event
neutral	A male with a beard sitting in front of the tours bus .	A man is voyage to see his best friend .
neutral	A mens with a beard sitting in front of the tour bus .	A man is trip to see his best friend .
neutral	A males with a beard sitting in front of the tours bus .	A men is travel to see his best friend .
neutral	People sitting in a dim restaurant eating .	People are in a restaurant celebrating an anniversary .
neutral	People sitting in a dim restaurant eating .	People are in a restaurant celebrating an anniversary .
neutral	People sitting in a dim restaurant eating .	People are in a restaurant celebrating an anniversary .
neutral	A enormous group of people gather at a piano bar .	A panels of male at a piano bar
neutral	A large grouping of people gather at a piano bar .	A panels of man at a piano bar
neutral	A big grouping of people gather at a piano bar .	A panel of men at a piano bar
neutral	An age masculine search over a sculpture .	the man is at an art gallery
neutral	An senior men looking over a sculpture .	the masculine is at an art gallery
neutral	An outdated masculine quest over a sculpture .	the masculine is at an art gallery
neutral	There are two underage ladies jogging , by the maritime side .	Two female are running late for a meetings .
neutral	There are two adolescents ladies jog , by the marines side .	Two female are running late for a meeting .
neutral	There are two child ladies jogging , by the ocean side .	Two female are running late for a meeting .
neutral	A historic-looking building .	The city hall
neutral	A historic-looking building .	The town hall
neutral	A historic-looking building .	The town hall
neutral	A historic-looking building .	An seniors building
neutral	A historic-looking building .	An archaic building
neutral	A historic-looking building .	An age building
neutral	A teens boy in green practices juggling in a parking lot .	The young man is juggling balls .
neutral	A youthful boy in green practices juggling in a parking lot .	The youth men is juggling balls .
neutral	A adolescent boy in green practices juggling in a parking lot .	The minors man is juggling balls .
neutral	Two females on a beach .	Two mothers enjoy a day at the beach with their husbands .
neutral	Two female on a beach .	Two mother enjoy a day at the beach with their husbands .
neutral	Two woman on a beach .	Two mama enjoy a day at the beach with their husbands .
neutral	Two females in bathing suits playing on the beach .	Two women in bikinis are flirting with guys .
neutral	Two women in bathing suits playing on the beach .	Two female in bikinis are flirting with guys .
neutral	Two female in bathing suits play on the beach .	Two woman in bikinis are flirting with guys .
neutral	The man walks among the immense trees .	The males is lost in the woods .
neutral	The male walks among the large tree .	The masculine is lost in the wood .
neutral	The males walks among the enormous tree .	The man is lost in the timber .
neutral	A runner in yellow has a convoy of motorcycles following behind him on a expressway as bystanders watch .	A racer in front of his supporters
neutral	A runner in yellow has a convoy of bikes following behind him on a interstate as bystanders watch .	A runner in front of his supporters
neutral	A runner in yellow has a convoy of bicycle following behind him on a freeway as bystanders watch .	A runner in front of his supporters
neutral	A persons in blue is the solely persons currently throwing their ball at a snooker alley .	A person just bowled a strike .
neutral	A individuals in blue is the only individuals currently throwing their ball at a snooker alleyway .	A person just bowled a strike .
neutral	A individuals in blue is the only individuals currently throwing their ball at a billiard alleyway .	A persons just bowled a strike .
neutral	A shoeshine male works as others pass by on a busy sidewalk .	A man is nearly done working today .
neutral	A shoeshine man works as others pass by on a busy pavement .	A males is almost done working today .
neutral	A shoeshine male works as others pass by on a busy sidewalk .	A male is almost done working today .
neutral	A cops is sitting in a van searching out the window .	The policemen is on a stakeout .
neutral	A policeman is sitting in a van looking out the window .	The cop is on a stakeout .
neutral	A police is sitting in a van searches out the window .	The policemen is on a stakeout .
neutral	The soccer team , clad in blue for the matches , launching to counter down the field in front of the advocate , clad in red .	The blue soccer team is playing its first game of the season .
neutral	The soccer team , clad in blue for the matching , begins to counter down the field in front of the advocate , clad in red .	The blue soccer team is play its first game of the season .
neutral	The soccer team , clad in blue for the match , began to counter down the field in front of the defender , clad in red .	The blue soccer team is playing its first game of the season .
neutral	Three serviceman officials are struggles a fire my a building .	Three soldier offcials struggling a fire after an accidental exploding .
neutral	Three serviceman officials are struggle a fire my a building .	Three servicemen offcials struggles a fire after an accidental blasts .
neutral	Three military officials are struggle a fire my a building .	Three servicemen offcials struggle a fire after an accidental explosion .
neutral	A black-haired man is entertaining a crowd with a hula hoop .	The man is a performer .
neutral	A black-haired masculine is entertaining a crowd with a hula hoop .	The man is a performer .
neutral	A black-haired males is entertaining a crowd with a hula hoop .	The masculine is a performer .
neutral	A man with thinning hairdo quest into sunglasses through sunglasses .	A male with eyeglasses is searching at drinking eyeglasses .
neutral	A males with thinning hairstyle quest into goggles through eyeglasses .	A masculine with glasses is searches at drinking glasses .
neutral	A male with thinning hairstyle searching into sunglasses through goggles .	A mens with goggles is quest at drinking spectacles .
neutral	Painter re-creates outdated works of art in a museum .	A painter copies masterpieces in a museum to sell .
neutral	Painter re-creates archaic works of art in a museum .	A painter copying masterpieces in a museum to sells .
neutral	Painter re-creates aged works of art in a museum .	A painter copied masterpieces in a museum to sale .
neutral	An artist replicating another artist 's work and a man quest at the original art .	A painter works on a copying of a Rembrandt .
neutral	An artist replicating another artist 's work and a man search at the original art .	A painter works on a copied of a Rembrandt .
neutral	An artist replicating another artist 's work and a males quest at the original art .	A painter works on a copied of a Rembrandt .
neutral	A seniors citizen wearing a hat , blue button up shirt , Khaki shorts and sandals walking in a park holding two icing cream cones .	The masculine is bringing the icing cream cone to another persons .
neutral	A elderly citizen wearing a hat , blue button up shirt , Khaki shorts and sandals walking in a park holding two icing cream cones .	The males is bringing the frosting cream cone to another individuals .
neutral	A antique citizen wearing a hat , blue button up shirt , Khaki shorts and sandals walking in a park holding two icing cream cones .	The man is bringing the ice cream cone to another persons .
neutral	A women wearing spectacles is frowning .	A female wearing overwhelming red eyeglasses is frowning .
neutral	A women wearing goggles is frowning .	A woman wearing monumental red eyeglasses is frowning .
neutral	A female wearing spectacles is frowning .	A female wearing immense red eyeglasses is frowning .
neutral	A groups of masculine in blue shirts , banded hats , and red bandannas stand in a groups .	a bunch of guys in colorful clothing are standing together waiting for the bus
neutral	A groups of male in blue shirts , banded hats , and red bandannas stand in a panels .	a bunch of guys in colorful apparel are standing together wait for the bus
neutral	A group of males in blue shirts , banded hats , and red bandannas stand in a group .	a bunch of guys in colorful sportswear are standing together wait for the bus
neutral	A females player in white and black , send the volleyball over the net , while the opposed team in oceanic blue , tries to block it , as the coaching and a few spectators watch , in a gym .	The gym is old
neutral	A females player in white and negro , send the volleyball over the net , while the opposing team in marina blue , tries to block it , as the coaches and a few viewers watch , in a gym .	The gym is old
neutral	A female player in white and negro , sends the volleyball over the netted , while the opposed team in oceans blue , tries to block it , as the coaches and a few spectators watch , in a gym .	The gym is old
neutral	Two little children without shirts are sitting down facing each other .	Two youngsters are sitting shirtless indoors
neutral	Two petite miner without shirts are sitting down facing each other .	Two teenagers are sitting shirtless indoors
neutral	Two little minor without shirts are sitting down facing each other .	Two youths are sitting shirtless indoors
neutral	Four juveniles are wearing blue hats with colored banners .	Four teens are wearing birthday parties hats .
neutral	Four young are wearing blue hats with colored banners .	Four child are wearing birthday party hats .
neutral	Four child are wearing blue hats with colored streamers .	Four miners are wearing birthday party hats .
neutral	Four child are wearing blue hats with colored banners .	Four adolescent are waiting in line for the bus .
neutral	Four kids are wearing blue hats with colored streamers .	Four youngsters are wait in line for the bus .
neutral	Four child are wearing blue hats with colored streamers .	Four kids are wait in line for the bus .
neutral	A children with curly blond-hair looks at another teenage with lengthy brown hair while sitting on a bench .	The school children are relaxed during recreational .
neutral	A youth with curly blond-hair looks at another adolescents with lengthy brown hairstyle while sitting on a bench .	The school teenagers are relaxed during recess .
neutral	A teens with curly blond-hair looks at another teenage with long brown hairstyle while sitting on a bench .	The school youthful are relax during leisure .
neutral	Two petite minors without shirts are sitting down facing each other .	Two children minors are play with each other and giggling while play with markers
neutral	Two little children without shirts are sitting down facing each other .	Two teenagers kid are playing with each other and giggling while play with markers
neutral	Two small kids without shirts are sitting down facing each other .	Two minor youth are playing with each other and giggling while playing with markers
neutral	A racer in a negro and blue standardized competes in a errand .	he is winning
neutral	A racer in a black and blue uniformed competes in a errand .	he is winning
neutral	A racer in a black and blue uniformed competes in a errand .	he is winning
neutral	A person with a striped tubes standing in the middle of a crowd of people .	A persons is at a concert .
neutral	A persons with a striped tubes standing in the mid of a crowd of people .	A person is at a concert .
neutral	A individuals with a striped pipe standing in the middle of a crowd of people .	A person is at a concert .
neutral	A black researcher looks through a scope boat a biological specimen 's blood cells .	he looks through the microscope before lunch
neutral	A black researcher looks through a scope navigator a biological specimen 's blood cells .	he looks through the microscope before lunch
neutral	A negro scientist looks through a scope study a biological specimen 's blood cells .	he looks through the microscope avant lunch
neutral	Some people are relax in front of a hefty red building .	A panels of youthful are relax in front of a jumbo red building .
neutral	Some people are relaxing in front of a large red building .	A groups of children are relax in front of a immense red building .
neutral	Some people are relaxing in front of a vast red building .	A panels of adolescence are relax in front of a mammoth red building .
neutral	Three masculine play musical instruments .	Three people with guitars .
neutral	Three male playing musical instruments .	Three people with guitars .
neutral	Three men playing musical instruments .	Three people with guitars .
neutral	A female lurks in the grass in the park is wearing a red top and black capri trousers and is barefoot .	A women is taking a break and lurks in the grass .
neutral	A women lie in the grass in the park is wearing a red top and black capri trousers and is barefoot .	A women is taking a break and lurks in the grass .
neutral	A woman lying in the grass in the park is wearing a red top and black capri underpants and is barefoot .	A females is taking a break and lurks in the grass .
neutral	A mens with brown breeches and boots moving a tent .	A circus worker is moving the Big Top tent .
neutral	A male with brown underclothes and boots moving a tent .	A circus worker is moving the Big Top tent .
neutral	A mens with brown slacks and boots moving a tent .	A circus worker is moving the Big Top tent .
neutral	Small girls in an apron placing confetti in a female 's hair .	A women and miner daughters celebrating together .
neutral	Small girl in an apron placing confetti in a woman 's hairdo .	A women and minor girl celebrating together .
neutral	Small daughter in an apron placing confetti in a women 's hair .	A women and underage girls celebrating together .
neutral	A men in a blue shirt , blue jeans , and a red apron standing at a grill .	A masculine in blue jeans cooking hot dogs on the grill .
neutral	A males in a blue shirt , blue jeans , and a red apron standing at a grill .	A male in blue jeans cooks hot dogs on the grille .
neutral	A men in a blue shirt , blue jeans , and a red apron standing at a grille .	A male in blue jeans cook hot dogs on the grille .
neutral	A dusty boy runs along a filth route through the grass .	A boy is running home after school .
neutral	A dusty boy runs along a filth paths through the grass .	A boy is running home after school .
neutral	A dusty boy runs along a dirt path through the grass .	A boy is running home after school .
neutral	A firefighting climbs up a ladder towards flames while surrounded by smokers .	The fireman ca n't enter the building .
neutral	A firefighters climbs up a ladder towards flames while surrounded by smoke .	The firefighter ca n't enter the building .
neutral	A firefighter climbs up a ladder towards flames while surrounded by smokes .	The firefighting ca n't enter the building .
neutral	Two male in suits standing in front of a bus , one is wearing a ornaments .	The mens are standing in a parking garage .
neutral	Two masculine in suits standing in front of a bus , one is wearing a medals .	The male are standing in a parking garage .
neutral	Two male in suits standing in front of a bus , one is wearing a ornaments .	The man are standing in a parking garage .
neutral	Two people conversations on a dock .	fishermen at the dock
neutral	Two people talking on a dock .	fishermen at the dock
neutral	Two people talking on a wharf .	fishermen at the dock
neutral	Rider in ceremonial garb rides white Arabian horse , also wearing ceremonial blankets and tassels .	Pets galloping down the street .
neutral	Rider in ceremonial attire rides white Arabian horse , also wearing ceremonial blankets and tassels .	Pets galloping down the street .
neutral	Rider in ceremonial garb rides white Arabian equestrian , also wearing ceremonial blankets and tassels .	Pets galloping down the street .
neutral	A petite dog runs to catch a ball .	The dog is a chihuahua .
neutral	A petite dog runs to catch a ball .	The dog is a chihuahua .
neutral	A small dog runs to catch a ball .	The dog is a chihuahua .
neutral	An accordion player with a bright colored shirt sitting exterior in a chair with a minors men in a blue t-shirt passing by .	The accordion player is highly skilled .
neutral	An accordion player with a bright colored shirt sitting outer in a chairs with a youthful masculine in a blue t-shirt passing by .	The accordion player is terribly skilled .
neutral	An accordion player with a bright colored shirt sitting exterior in a chair with a adolescence men in a blue t-shirt passing by .	The accordion player is unbelievably skilled .
neutral	Bespectacled males in suit opens wallet while a younger dame in formal wear laughs with him .	A man shows his girlfriend the contents of his wallet .
neutral	Bespectacled man in suit opened wallet while a younger lady in formal wear laughs with him .	A males shows his girlfriend the contents of his wallet .
neutral	Bespectacled males in suit opens pocketbook while a cadet lady in officially wear laughs with him .	A males shows his girlfriend the contents of his wallet .
neutral	Men sitting at a tables in a church .	The ornate church consists chatting people .
neutral	Men sitting at a tables in a church .	The ornate church includes chatting people .
neutral	Men sitting at a tables in a church .	The ornate church includes chatting people .
neutral	Man in robe making designs on filth ground .	An artist preparing some sketches in the dirt .
neutral	Man in gown making designs on dirt ground .	An artist preparing some sketches in the dirt .
neutral	Man in robe making designs on dirt ground .	An artist preparing some sketches in the dirt .
neutral	a teenage boy using a field microscope to identify a field specimen during a field travels .	The boy is on a sciences field trips .
neutral	a adolescence boy using a field microscope to detecting a field specimen during a field travel .	The boy is on a sciences field travelling .
neutral	a minor boy using a field microscope to discovering a field specimen during a field travels .	The boy is on a scientific field trip .
neutral	A man with a blue and white sac and black jeans and jacket walks by a mammoth monument surrounded by a gray fences .	There is a statue behind a individuals .
neutral	A masculine with a blue and white knapsack and negro jeans and jacket walks by a hefty memorial surrounded by a grey fencing .	There is a statue behind a individuals .
neutral	A males with a blue and white satchel and negro jeans and jacket walks by a vast memorial surrounded by a grey fencing .	There is a statue behind a person .
neutral	A masculine with a gray beard and a little boy are sitting on the floor searching over some papers in a room with a bunk bed .	The males is reading to his grandson .
neutral	A masculine with a grey beard and a little boy are sitting on the floor searches over some papers in a rooms with a bunk bed .	The males is reading to his grandson .
neutral	A male with a grey beard and a petite boy are sitting on the floor looking over some papers in a room with a bunk bed .	The men is reading to his grandson .
neutral	A male with a gray beard and a small boy are sitting on the floor quest over some papers in a rooms with a bunk bed .	The man and boy are in a chamber .
neutral	A male with a gray beard and a little boy are sitting on the floor search over some papers in a room with a bunk bed .	The men and boy are in a bedroom .
neutral	A males with a gray beard and a small boy are sitting on the floor search over some papers in a rooms with a bunk bed .	The masculine and boy are in a chamber .
neutral	A females is carry two youth in the medium of a vast crowd .	the women is white
neutral	A females is carry two teenage in the mid of a immense crowd .	the woman is white
neutral	A female is carry two teenager in the mid of a heavy crowd .	the females is white
neutral	An Indian females is dances with her partner .	A female has dark skin .
neutral	An Indian females is dances with her partners .	A woman has dark skin .
neutral	An Indian woman is dance with her partners .	A female has dark skin .
neutral	Man sitting on bench with luggage waiting for his source of transported .	The masculine is on his manner to work .
neutral	Man sitting on bench with luggage waiting for his source of transporting .	The man is on his way to work .
neutral	Man sitting on bench with baggage waiting for his source of transported .	The masculine is on his manner to work .
neutral	A yellow backhoe near a hefty piling of dirt and rocks near a blue machine with a worker standing on it .	A worker is working on the damages caused by the flooding .
neutral	A yellow backhoe near a huge piling of dirt and rocks near a blue machine with a worker standing on it .	A worker is working on the damages caused by the flood .
neutral	A yellow backhoe near a overwhelming piling of filth and rocks near a blue machine with a worker standing on it .	A worker is working on the damages caused by the flooding .
neutral	A women in a grey attire walks down the street .	The female is walking to the shop .
neutral	A woman in a grey frock walks down the street .	The woman is walking to the shop .
neutral	A women in a grey attire walks down the street .	The females is walking to the shop .
neutral	Someone in green slacks is on a white snowboard in the airline .	The person is competing in a snowboard competitions .
neutral	Someone in green slacks is on a white snowboard in the plane .	The person is compete in a snowboard rivalry .
neutral	Someone in green panties is on a white snowboard in the midair .	The person is competing in a skiing contest .
neutral	A man wearing a jacket is listening to headphones while walking down the pavement along a street .	An antiquated masculine listening to rock walking down the sidewalk .
neutral	A male wearing a jacket is listening to headphones while walking down the sidewalk along a street .	An outdated men listening to rock walking down the sidewalk .
neutral	A men wearing a jacket is listening to earphones while walking down the pavement along a street .	An outdated males listening to rock walking down the sidewalk .
neutral	Tan dog running through long grass in a park-like setting .	A dog runs after a squirrel .
neutral	Tan dog running through long grass in a park-like setting .	A dog runs after a chipmunk .
neutral	Tan dog running through lengthy grass in a park-like setting .	A dog runs after a squirrel .
neutral	Three people are standing on a illuminated stage while group of people sitting at tables face them .	The people are in a playing .
neutral	Three people are standing on a lit stages while panel of people sitting at table face them .	The people are in a playing .
neutral	Three people are standing on a lit stage while panel of people sitting at table face them .	The people are in a play .
neutral	Six seated man converse and one man fiddles with an interesting contraption .	Several males are gathered to learns about ham spokes .
neutral	Six seated man opposite and one men fiddles with an interesting contraption .	Several men are gathered to learns approximately ham spokes .
neutral	Six seated man opposite and one masculine fiddles with an interesting contraption .	Several male are gathered to learning approximately ham spokes .
neutral	A panels of people are campsite out on some rocks .	People are spending a day at the beach .
neutral	A panels of people are campsite out on some rocks .	People are spending a day at the beach .
neutral	A group of people are campsite out on some rocks .	People are spending a day at the beach .
neutral	An aged male with a packages poses in front of an publicity .	A male poses in front of an advertising for beer .
neutral	An senior mens with a pack poses in front of an advertise .	A males poses in front of an advertises for beer .
neutral	An senior men with a packaged poses in front of an announce .	A masculine poses in front of an advertisement for beer .
neutral	A mens has flung itself over a pole with people and canopies in the background .	A persons is performing a trick at the circus .
neutral	A males has flung himself over a poles with people and canopies in the background .	A individuals is performing a trick at the circus .
neutral	A man has flung itself over a poles with people and canopies in the background .	A person is performing a trick at the circus .
neutral	A groups of people are camping out on some rocks .	People rest while climb a mountain .
neutral	A grouping of people are campground out on some rocks .	People resting while climb a mountain .
neutral	A groups of people are campsite out on some rocks .	People resting while climbing a mountain .
neutral	A short-haired males is jumping while on top of a immense boulder .	The men is jumping to another boulder .
neutral	A short-haired man is jumping while on top of a heavy boulder .	The men is jumping to another boulder .
neutral	A short-haired man is jumping while on top of a overwhelming boulder .	The males is jumping to another boulder .
neutral	A men in grey uniformed is cutting something on the ground while a mens in white uniforms is watching him .	The masculine in the white is the bigger of the concierge in gray .
neutral	A men in grey uniform is cut something on the ground while a male in white uniformed is watching him .	The masculine in the white is the largest of the janitor in grey .
neutral	A masculine in gray uniform is chop something on the ground while a male in white uniforms is watching him .	The male in the white is the maximum of the janitor in gray .
neutral	Five rodeo contestants waiting their turning .	Five rodeo competitor waiting their turning to win the 500 dollar prizes .
neutral	Five rodeo contender waiting their turning .	Five rodeo contenders wait their turning to wins the 500 dollar prize .
neutral	Five rodeo contenders wait their turn .	Five rodeo competitor waiting their turning to win the 500 dollar prize .
neutral	Children on the beach with their dog .	The teenaged are playing catch with their dog .
neutral	Children on the beach with their dog .	The child are playing catch with their dog .
neutral	Children on the beach with their dog .	The miner are play catch with their dog .
neutral	A jubilant crowd attired fabulously in purple red and yellow-gold move in step on a metropolitan street .	People having a parade on a street .
neutral	A jubilant crowd clothed fabulously in purple red and yellow-gold move in step on a metropolitan street .	People having a parade on a street .
neutral	A jubilant crowd clothed fabulously in purple red and yellow-gold move in step on a metropolitan street .	People having a parade on a street .
neutral	Two people walking down a restrained alleyway with heavy buildings on each side .	Two people are walking down an alleyway on their way home from work .
neutral	Two people walking down a restrained alley with huge buildings on each side .	Two people are walking down an alley on their manner home from work .
neutral	Two people walking down a narrow alley with heavy buildings on each side .	Two people are walking down an alley on their way home from work .
neutral	A woman in a red long-sleeved shirt and blue jeans stands at the lectern speaking at or about GLAM U WIKI .	A women is giving a speeches to an interested crowd .
neutral	A women in a red long-sleeved shirt and blue jeans stands at the lectern speaking at or approximately GLAM U WIKI .	A women is giving a speeches to an interested crowd .
neutral	A female in a red long-sleeved shirt and blue jeans stands at the lectern speaking at or roughly GLAM U WIKI .	A woman is giving a speeches to an interested crowd .
neutral	An ancient man in a light green shirt and dark green trousers holds the hand of an archaic female as they pass an exterior eatery with teal umbrellas .	An antiquated searches couple is glancing through a glass window of a busy restaurant .
neutral	An senior males in a light green shirt and dark green pants holds the hand of an elders females as they pass an exterior eatery with teal umbrellas .	An archaic searching couple is glancing through a glass window of a busy restaurant .
neutral	An aged men in a light green shirt and dark green panties holds the hand of an antiquated women as they pass an outside eatery with teal umbrellas .	An aged looking couple is glancing through a glass window of a busy restaurant .
neutral	A dark-haired men wearing a black and white t-shirt eats in a park surrounded by people .	A mens takes his lunch break in the park .
neutral	A dark-haired men wearing a negro and white t-shirt eats in a park surrounded by people .	A masculine takes his lunch break in the park .
neutral	A dark-haired masculine wearing a negro and white t-shirt eats in a park surrounded by people .	A man takes his lunch break in the park .
neutral	People boating on a lake with the sun through the clouds in the distance .	people having survey party
neutral	People boating on a lake with the sun through the clouds in the distance .	people having investigates party
neutral	People boating on a lake with the sun through the clouds in the distance .	people having explorer party
neutral	A male in a blue jacket leans on a post and talks on the phones while an elder mens carries yellow handbag .	An older males works .
neutral	A men in a blue jacket leans on a post and talks on the cellphones while an ancient male carries yellow pockets .	An aging males works .
neutral	A male in a blue jacket leans on a post and talks on the cellphones while an old male carries yellow sac .	An age male works .
neutral	Two females are relaxed in a hot bathrooms .	Two woman are on vacation in the hot lavatory .
neutral	Two females are relax in a hot bathtub .	Two females are on vacation in the hot bathroom .
neutral	Two females are relaxing in a hot toilets .	Two females are on vacation in the hot lavatory .
neutral	A masculine in a marines blue shirt is tossing a boy with a gigantic smile on his face high into the airways .	A mens tossing his sons into the airlines .
neutral	A masculine in a ocean blue shirt is tossing a boy with a huge smile on his face high into the airplane .	A men tossing his son into the plane .
neutral	A man in a marina blue shirt is tossing a boy with a huge smile on his face high into the airlines .	A males tossing his sons into the aerial .
neutral	Phone to her ear , a women bends forward at the side of a busy street .	Phone to her ear , a women bends slowly forward
neutral	Phone to her ear , a woman bends forward at the side of a busy street .	Phone to her ear , a women bends slowly forward
neutral	Phone to her ear , a females bends forward at the side of a busy street .	Phone to her ear , a women bends slowly forward
neutral	A woman is leaning down while talking to her phone .	The telephones 's ringer is loud
neutral	A females is leaning down while conversations to her phone .	The phone 's ringer is loud
neutral	A females is leaning down while discussions to her phone .	The telephone 's ringer is loud
neutral	A gentle focus photos of a small daughter wearing an orange jumper .	A girls is wearing an orange sweater with black stripes .
neutral	A mild focuses photographs of a petite girl wearing an orange jumper .	A daughter is wearing an orange sweater with negro stripes .
neutral	A mild focused images of a little girl wearing an orange sweater .	A girl is wearing an orange sweater with negro stripes .
neutral	The man in the blue shirt is relaxed on the rocks .	The male is wearing purple jeans .
neutral	The mens in the blue shirt is relaxed on the rocks .	The man is wearing purple jeans .
neutral	The men in the blue shirt is relaxing on the rocks .	The men is wearing purple jeans .
neutral	Three males are play frisbee in the woods .	Three fraternal are play a friendly game of Frisbee before dinner .
neutral	Three mens are play frisbee in the woods .	Three fraternal are play a friendly games of Frisbee avant dinner .
neutral	Three male are play frisbee in the woods .	Three brothers are play a friendly games of Frisbee before dinner .
neutral	A smaller in a ninja outfit does a jumping kick .	a youngsters in a negro ninja suit does a kick
neutral	A juveniles in a ninja outfit does a jumping kick .	a miner in a negro ninja suit does a kick
neutral	A teens in a ninja outfit does a jumping kick .	a youths in a negro ninja suit does a kick
neutral	Five females wearing red shirts are leaning against a red cars .	The themes of the images is red .
neutral	Five females wearing red shirts are leaning against a red motors .	The subjects of the photographic is red .
neutral	Five female wearing red shirts are leaning against a red auto .	The topics of the photo is red .
neutral	Five woman wearing red shirts are leaning against a red vehicle .	Everything in the photograph is red colored .
neutral	Five woman wearing red shirts are leaning against a red cars .	Everything in the image is red colored .
neutral	Five female wearing red shirts are leaning against a red automobile .	Everything in the picture is red colored .
neutral	A dark-haired lady with a overwhelming smile is wearing a bright red scarf .	A dark-haired dame is dressed for a good day
neutral	A dark-haired dame with a immense smile is wearing a bright red scarf .	A dark-haired dame is clothed for a good day
neutral	A dark-haired dame with a jumbo smile is wearing a bright red scarf .	A dark-haired dame is clothed for a good day
neutral	A men wearing a brown shirt and bag is pushing a stroller while a small toddler is walking along aside him on a rain-covered street .	The toddler is wearing rain boots .
neutral	A masculine wearing a brown shirt and bags is pushing a stroller while a little toddler is walking along aside him on a rain-covered street .	The toddler is wearing rain boots .
neutral	A mens wearing a brown shirt and purse is pushing a stroller while a little toddler is walking along aside him on a rain-covered street .	The toddler is wearing rain boots .
neutral	Three masculine are sitting outdoor on chairs with red seat .	Men are having a conversation outdoor .
neutral	Three masculine are sitting outside on chair with red seat .	Men are having a conversations outboard .
neutral	Three men are sitting outdoor on chair with red seating .	Men are having a talking outdoor .
neutral	Two men in tough hats sawing a plank of wooden .	Two workers cut down a board to make it fit in a housing project .
neutral	Two males in hard hats sawing a plank of wooden .	Two workers cut down a board to make it fit in a house projects .
neutral	Two male in hard hats sawing a plank of lumber .	Two workers cutting down a board to make it fit in a dwelling project .
neutral	People standing in front of a gray building with a sign that reads ' Tickets Available Here ' .	The people are wanting to buy concert ticket .
neutral	People standing in front of a grey building with a sign that reads ' Tickets Available Here ' .	The people are wanting to buy concert ticket .
neutral	People standing in front of a grey building with a sign that reads ' Tickets Available Here ' .	The people are wanting to buy concert tickets .
neutral	A underage sits in a trees holding a branch .	The minor climbed up there on his own .
neutral	A teenager sits in a trees holding a branch .	The teenager climbed up there on his owned .
neutral	A juvenile sits in a trees holding a branch .	The teenage climbed up there on his own .
neutral	A momma and her boy are riding in a bumper motors .	The moms is letting the boy steering the bumpercar
neutral	A mothers and her boy are riding in a bumper car .	The mom is let the boy steering the bumpercar
neutral	A ma and her boy are riding in a bumper automobile .	The mam is let the boy steering the bumpercar
neutral	A male in an orange hat holds a ball .	A man in an orange hat is getting prepared to throw a ball .
neutral	A mens in an orange hat holds a ball .	A masculine in an orange hat is getting ready to throw a ball .
neutral	A man in an orange hat holds a ball .	A males in an orange hat is getting readies to throw a ball .
neutral	Two female bend over to touching a petite kangaroo .	The kangaroo wants to leave
neutral	Two women bend over to touch a petite kangaroo .	The kangaroo wants to leave
neutral	Two females bend over to touch a small kangaroo .	The kangaroo wants to leave
neutral	A daughter in a purple top , baggy panties and sneakers is blowing a kissing , while another daughters in black watches .	A girl is blowing a kiss to a boy while someone clocks .
neutral	A daughters in a purple top , baggy underclothes and sneakers is blowing a kissing , while another girl in black watches .	A girl is blowing a kiss to a boy while someone clocks .
neutral	A daughters in a purple top , baggy undergarments and sneakers is blowing a kissing , while another girls in black clocks .	A girls is blowing a kissing to a boy while someone clocks .
neutral	An Asian males makes confronts for the camera .	The masculine is wearing a white shirt .
neutral	An Asian man makes faces for the camera .	The masculine is wearing a white shirt .
neutral	An Asian man makes confront for the camera .	The mens is wearing a white shirt .
neutral	There is a monumental panel of people standing together basically wearing Canada symbols .	They are Canadian .
neutral	There is a mammoth groups of people standing together basically wearing Canada symbols .	They are Canadian .
neutral	There is a jumbo groups of people standing together predominantly wearing Canada symbols .	They are Canadian .
neutral	A casually dressed kids blond females is looking away unfortunately as couple near her are kissing .	A females looks away after recognizing her ex-boyfriend kissing his novel girls .
neutral	A casually dressed children blond women is searches away unfortunately as couple near her are kiss .	A woman looks away after recognizing her ex-boyfriend kissing his new daughters .
neutral	A casually clothed youth blond women is looking away unfortunately as couple near her are kissing .	A female looks away after recognizing her ex-boyfriend kissing his new daughter .
neutral	Two guys in blue shirts talking .	Two man complimenting each other on their blue shirts .
neutral	Two guys in blue shirts conversation .	Two man complimenting each other on their blue shirts .
neutral	Two guys in blue shirts conversation .	Two masculine complimenting each other on their blue shirts .
neutral	A individuals is sitting in front of a graffiti cover wall .	A persons is sitting outside
neutral	A person is sitting in front of a graffiti cover wall .	A person is sitting outside
neutral	A persons is sitting in front of a graffiti covered wall .	A individuals is sitting outside
neutral	A woman is holding a monumental audit for Kids Food Basket .	She is making a gifts .
neutral	A woman is holding a overwhelming checked for Kids Food Basket .	She is making a dons .
neutral	A female is holding a big checks for Kids Food Basket .	She is making a donation .
neutral	A females is holding a hefty auditing for Kids Food Basket .	She is fond of the charity .
neutral	A woman is holding a monumental checked for Kids Food Basket .	She is fond of the charity .
neutral	A women is holding a enormous auditing for Kids Food Basket .	She is fond of the charity .
neutral	A mens wearing a football uniforms kicking a football during a football games .	A football player is trying to score a purpose .
neutral	A men wearing a football standardized kicking a football during a football games .	A football player is trying to scoring a aims .
neutral	A men wearing a football uniforms kicking a football during a football games .	A football player is trying to score a aim .
neutral	A men wearing a football standardized kicking a football during a football games .	A Dallas Cowboy player is trying to tie the playoff game .
neutral	A males wearing a football standardized kicking a football during a football games .	A Dallas Cowboy player is trying to tie the playoff game .
neutral	A masculine wearing a football uniforms kicking a football during a football games .	A Dallas Cowboy player is trying to tie the playoff games .
neutral	a teenagers couple both wearing white shirts and blue jeans standing in a light misty rain	A couple hang out on the beach .
neutral	a smaller couple both wearing white shirts and blue jeans standing in a light misty rain	A couple hang out on the beach .
neutral	a minor couple both wearing white shirts and blue jeans standing in a light misty rain	A couple hang out on the beach .
neutral	a adolescent couple both wearing white shirts and blue jeans standing in a light misty rain	A matching couple cools down in the rain .
neutral	a adolescent couple both wearing white shirts and blue jeans standing in a light misty rain	A matches couple cools down in the rain .
neutral	a child couple both wearing white shirts and blue jeans standing in a light misty rain	A match couple cools down in the rain .
neutral	The men in the white shirt holds up a playing valentines .	The masculine is holding up the Ace of Spades .
neutral	The man in the white shirt holds up a play card .	The men is holding up the Ace of Spades .
neutral	The men in the white shirt holds up a playing card .	The man is holding up the Ace of Spades .
neutral	a brown dog standing in the medium of a big field .	A dog is sniffing for its bone .
neutral	a brown dog standing in the middle of a overwhelming field .	A dog is sniffing for its bone .
neutral	a brown dog standing in the mid of a big field .	A dog is sniffing for its bone .
neutral	A brown-haired women in a blue shirt , wearing a bib number from a marathon , holds a gold trophy and poses with a blond woman in a black frock .	A female just winning a 5k race
neutral	A brown-haired females in a blue shirt , wearing a bib number from a marathon , holds a gold trophy and poses with a blond woman in a black attire .	A women just win a 5k race
neutral	A brown-haired woman in a blue shirt , wearing a bib number from a marathon , holds a gold trophy and poses with a blond females in a negro frock .	A women just winning a 5k race
neutral	Two lacrosse players are running on the sports-field .	One of the boys scored a targets for his athlete team today .
neutral	Two lacrosse gamers are running on the sports-field .	One of the boys scored a purposes for his athletic team today .
neutral	Two lacrosse gamers are running on the sports-field .	One of the boys scored a aims for his athletics team today .
neutral	A female wearing a grey sweater stands in the street near a green pole .	A individuals waiting for a friend
neutral	A woman wearing a gray jumper stands in the street near a green pole .	A person waiting for a friend
neutral	A women wearing a gray jumper stands in the street near a green pole .	A person waiting for a friend
neutral	Man on phones in corporations suit walking down a busy street .	A male is discussions to his wife on the phone while walking down the street .
neutral	Man on phone in corporate suit walking down a busy street .	A masculine is talking to his wife on the phones while walking down the street .
neutral	Man on phone in companies suit walking down a busy street .	A mens is talking to his wife on the cellphones while walking down the street .
neutral	Casually clothed children man and female are sitting and laying on a grassy spheres with motorcycle and other personal belongings reading on a sunny day .	A bunch of people are hanging out in the park in the medium of classes .
neutral	Casually attired teenaged masculine and females are sitting and laying on a grassy area with cyclist and other personal belongings reading on a sunny day .	A bunch of people are hanging out in the park in the middle of classes .
neutral	Casually dressed youth males and females are sitting and laying on a grassy zone with biking and other personal belongings reading on a sunny day .	A bunch of people are hanging out in the park in the middle of classes .
neutral	A man cook over high flames .	A mens is cooking for his friends .
neutral	A male cooks over high flames .	A males is cooking for his friends .
neutral	A mens cooking over high flames .	A men is cooks for his friends .
neutral	Three male are using Washington Mutual ATMs outdoor near a parking lot .	A panels of friends are getting some monetary avant they go to dinner .
neutral	Three males are using Washington Mutual ATMs exterior near a parking lot .	A panel of friends are getting some money avant they go to dinner .
neutral	Three male are using Washington Mutual ATMs outer near a parking batch .	A panel of friends are getting some cash avant they go to dinner .
neutral	A miners female is standing on a slanted , facing the top of the angled .	A woman ponders what it would be like to climbing the angled .
neutral	A young women is standing on a sloping , facing the top of the slanted .	A female ponders what it would be like to climb the slope .
neutral	A miners female is standing on a slanted , facing the top of the slope .	A woman ponders what it would be like to climbing the slope .
neutral	A girls in a red and white uniforms is swinging a bat .	The girl is play a games at playtime .
neutral	A daughters in a red and white standardized is swinging a bat .	The daughter is play a game at recreational .
neutral	A daughter in a red and white standardized is swinging a bat .	The daughters is play a game at leisure .
neutral	A man crouches down next to a biking .	A mens is stolen parts from a bicycling .
neutral	A men crouches down next to a mopeds .	A men is steal parts from a motorcycles .
neutral	A men crouches down next to a cycle .	A male is robbery parts from a motorbikes .
neutral	A man wearing a purple chap , yellow snowy glasses , a periwinkle jacket and red bag moves fastest through powdery snow near a winter tree .	The man is snowboarding .
neutral	A male wearing a purple chap , yellow snowy goggles , a periwinkle jacket and red handbags moves swiftly through powdery snow near a winter tree .	The men is snowboarding .
neutral	A male wearing a purple cap , yellow snow glasses , a periwinkle jacket and red purse moves quick through powdery snowy near a winter tree .	The mens is skiing .
neutral	An aging Man wearing a olive green shirt and red and white striped apron is stacking cheese .	A mens is a cook
neutral	An senior Man wearing a olive green shirt and red and white striped apron is stacking cheese .	A masculine is a cook
neutral	An archaic Man wearing a olive green shirt and red and white striped apron is stacking cheese .	A masculine is a cook
neutral	A youngsters negro male is getting his hair buzzed off .	The mens has long hairstyle .
neutral	A teenage black masculine is getting his hairstyle buzzed off .	The male has long hair .
neutral	A underage black masculine is getting his hair buzzed off .	The man has long hairdo .
neutral	A kids boy is jumping down an inflatable water ride .	The boy is happy
neutral	A child boy is jumping down an inflatable water ride .	The boy is happy
neutral	A juvenile boy is jumping down an inflatable water ride .	The boy is happy
neutral	Four mens and three females , all in their beach garb , hang around a petite cliff by the navy as one male is approximately to diving into the water .	Tall people in beach attire
neutral	Four males and three females , all in their beach garb , hang around a little cliff by the nautical as one men is approximately to scuba into the water .	Tall people in beach attire
neutral	Four male and three female , all in their beach attire , hang around a petite cliff by the marine as one men is approximately to diving into the water .	Tall people in beach attire
neutral	Five adolescents indian daughter attire in colorful dresses are holding hands and smiling forming a circle	Five girls are wearing varied colored dresses .
neutral	Five adolescents indian daughter garb in colorful dresses are holding hands and smiling forming a circle	Five daughters are wearing myriad colored dresses .
neutral	Five underage indian daughters frock in colorful dresses are holding hands and smiling forming a circle	Five daughters are wearing various colored dresses .
neutral	A males cook with fire in like 5 pots at the same period !	A male is cooking dinner for his families in a bunch of pots .
neutral	A males cooking with fire in like 5 pots at the same schedule !	A mens is cooks dinner for his family in a bunch of pots .
neutral	A masculine cooking with fire in like 5 pots at the same times !	A masculine is cooks dinner for his family in a bunch of pots .
neutral	A miners woman in white working in a professionals kitchen .	The youths females makes a meal .
neutral	A juvenile woman in white working in a professionals kitchen .	The teenage woman makes a meal .
neutral	A teenage female in white working in a professionals kitchen .	The adolescence women makes a meal .
neutral	An American wrestler in a purple singlet wrestlers an opponent .	One wrestler is wearing green .
neutral	An American wrestler in a purple singlet wrestlers an opponent .	One wrestler is wearing green .
neutral	An American wrestler in a purple singlet wrestlers an opponent .	One wrestler is wearing green .
neutral	People waiting on a train platform .	People are waiting for a train which is late .
neutral	People waiting on a train platform .	People are wait for a train which is late .
neutral	People waiting on a train platform .	People are waiting for a train which is late .
neutral	Dog with negro and tan face standing in water looking up at camera .	a dog is in a pond
neutral	Dog with negro and tan face standing in water search up at camera .	a dog is in a pond
neutral	Dog with black and tan face standing in water looking up at camera .	a dog is in a pond
neutral	The female in the white attire looks very uncomfortable in the busy surroundings .	The woman is under a lot of stress .
neutral	The females in the white attire looks very uncomfortable in the busy surroundings .	The women is under a lot of stress .
neutral	The woman in the white dress looks very uncomfortable in the busy surroundings .	The women is under a batch of stress .
neutral	A mens is socializing with another men in the bar .	Two friends discussions while getting a drink after work .
neutral	A mens is socializing with another male in the bar .	Two friends conversation while getting a drank after work .
neutral	A males is socializing with another male in the bar .	Two friends conversations while getting a drank after work .
neutral	Girls clothed in red stand in a line .	They are going somewhere .
neutral	Girls clothed in red stand in a line .	They are going somewhere .
neutral	Girls attired in red stand in a line .	They are going somewhere .
neutral	Girls attired in red stand in a line .	It is a special day .
neutral	Girls dressed in red stand in a line .	It is a special day .
neutral	Girls clothed in red stand in a line .	It is a special day .
neutral	A woman youthful in a white , long-sleeved shirt is kneeling on a couch , laughing as her hairstyle is sticking up .	A juvenile laughs at her mam joke on a couch .
neutral	A female teenagers in a white , long-sleeved shirt is kneeling on a couch , laughing as her hairdo is sticking up .	A teenagers laughs at her mama joking on a couch .
neutral	A female miner in a white , long-sleeved shirt is kneeling on a couch , laughing as her hairstyle is sticking up .	A miners laughs at her mom joke on a couch .
neutral	A youths babies cries while having his or her pjs buttoned .	A female buttons the baby 's pajamas while a baby cries .
neutral	A child infants cries while having his or her pajamas buttoned .	A women buttons the baby 's pjs while a baby cries .
neutral	A miners babies cries while having his or her pjs buttoned .	A woman buttons the baby 's pjs while a baby cries .
neutral	A crowd of people standing in front of statues .	The statue is made of marble .
neutral	A crowd of people standing in front of statues .	The statue is made of marble .
neutral	A crowd of people standing in front of statues .	The statue is made of marble .
neutral	A crowd of people standing in front of statues .	The people are taking photographed of the statue .
neutral	A crowd of people standing in front of statues .	The people are taking photography of the statue .
neutral	A crowd of people standing in front of statues .	The people are taking pictures of the statue .
neutral	A boy looks out the window at another boy who is sprays the window with water .	The boy is wearing shorts .
neutral	A boy looks out the window at another boy who is spraying the window with water .	The boy is wearing shorts .
neutral	A boy looks out the window at another boy who is sprinkler the window with water .	The boy is wearing shorts .
neutral	A males with a lengthy white beard is examining a camera and another mens with a negro shirt is in the background .	A men is with a cowboy
neutral	A men with a long white beard is survey a camera and another males with a negro shirt is in the background .	A masculine is with a cowboy
neutral	A males with a long white beard is investigates a camera and another males with a black shirt is in the background .	A masculine is with a cowboy
neutral	A few adolescence boys throwing a football over a volleyball net .	Boys playing a new games they made up , volleyfoot .
neutral	A few minor boys throwing a football over a volleyball net .	Boys playing a newest game they made up , volleyfoot .
neutral	A few adolescents boys throwing a football over a volleyball netted .	Boys play a newer game they made up , volleyfoot .
neutral	An aged masculine in a blue shirt and white trousers glowers by a glass door .	A male rest outside
neutral	An seniors masculine in a blue shirt and white trousers glowers by a glass gate .	A men rest outside
neutral	An elders male in a blue shirt and white breeches glowers by a glass gate .	A masculine rest outside
neutral	Four woman are taking a walk down an colder paths .	The pathway is hazardous for the four female to attempt to walk on because it is cover in frosting .
neutral	Four women are taking a walk down an icy path .	The route is risky for the four women to attempt to walk on because it is cover in frosting .
neutral	Four women are taking a walk down an chilly route .	The road is hazardous for the four female to try to walk on because it is cover in ice .
neutral	A masculine dressed in all white and wearing a white hat stands on a pavement next to a building .	A tall humanity standing
neutral	A men dressed in all white and wearing a white hat stands on a sidewalk next to a building .	A tall humanity standing
neutral	A man clothed in all white and wearing a white hat stands on a pavement next to a building .	A tall human standing
neutral	an africans mens is being dragged though wet mud by two cows whilst other people watch .	A man is being tortured by other people .
neutral	an african male is being dragged though wet mud by two cattle whilst other people watch .	A men is being tortured by other people .
neutral	an african mens is being dragged though wet mud by two cattle whilst other people watch .	A male is being tortured by other people .
neutral	an african masculine is being dragged though wet mud by two cattle whilst other people watch .	A male is attempting to run away .
neutral	an african man is being dragged though wet clay by two cows whilst other people watch .	A masculine is attempting to run away .
neutral	an africans male is being dragged though wet clay by two cattle whilst other people watch .	A male is attempting to run away .
neutral	Several young are standing on the beach .	The minors are waiting to go into the water .
neutral	Several underage are standing on the beach .	The teenaged are waiting to go into the water .
neutral	Several youths are standing on the beach .	The kids are wait to go into the water .
neutral	A mens with no shirt on is holding a football .	A men poses for a photographic with a football .
neutral	A man with no shirt on is holding a football .	A man poses for a images with a football .
neutral	A man with no shirt on is holding a football .	A man poses for a photograph with a football .
neutral	A brown dog wearing a collar is chasing and biting on a red broom .	A doberman is play .
neutral	A brown dog wearing a collar is chasing and biting on a red broom .	A pooch is playing .
neutral	A brown dog wearing a collar is pursues and biting on a red broom .	A spaniel is playing .
neutral	A males in a jacket is standing in a gas station , next to a vehicular and lights are shining in the distance .	A male is refuelling his vehicles .
neutral	A men in a jacket is standing in a gas station , next to a vehicular and lights are shining in the distance .	A masculine is refuelling his cars .
neutral	A mens in a jacket is standing in a gas station , next to a auto and illumination are shining in the distance .	A men is refuelling his autos .
neutral	A masculine in a jacket is standing in a gas station , next to a vehicles and illumination are shining in the distance .	A men is outer at nighttime .
neutral	A man in a jacket is standing in a gas station , next to a auto and lighting are shining in the distance .	A mens is outboard at overnight .
neutral	A man in a jacket is standing in a gas station , next to a vehicles and lights are shining in the distance .	A males is outside at overnight .
neutral	A groups of people sitting around tables with computer monitor on them paying attention to something on the left .	A panels of people are sitting in a companies room when they notice something on the left .
neutral	A groups of people sitting around table with computer surveillance on them paying attention to something on the left .	A groups of people are sitting in a companies rooms when they notice something on the left .
neutral	A panels of people sitting around table with computers oversee on them wages attention to something on the left .	A panels of people are sitting in a businesses room when they notice something on the left .
neutral	A grouping of people sitting around table with computers supervising on them paying attention to something on the left .	The panels of people are game developers creating a newer videotapes games in their office .
neutral	A grouping of people sitting around table with computers monitors on them pays attention to something on the left .	The panel of people are games developers creating a newest video games in their office .
neutral	A groups of people sitting around tables with computers monitoring on them wages attention to something on the left .	The grouping of people are games developers creating a novel videotape game in their office .
neutral	A bike is parked against a window to a boutique called Winter Sport where inland some people sit next to a computers and an elder female stands in the background .	A females has left her bicycles exterior a store while she goes internal .
neutral	A motorcycle is parked against a window to a boutique called Winter Sport where inland some people sit next to a computer and an seniors women stands in the background .	A women has left her bicycle outboard a boutique while she goes inside .
neutral	A motorbike is parked against a window to a boutique called Winter Sport where inner some people sit next to a computers and an older woman stands in the background .	A females has left her bicycles outdoor a boutique while she goes interior .
neutral	Four male stand in a circle facing each other play brass instruments which people watch them .	People love the music
neutral	Four men stand in a circle facing each other play brass instruments which people watch them .	People love the music
neutral	Four males stand in a circle facing each other playing brass instruments which people watch them .	People love the music
neutral	Men wearing hats walk on the street .	The masculine are construction workers .
neutral	Men wearing hats walk on the street .	The men are construction workers .
neutral	Men wearing hats walk on the street .	The male are construction workers .
neutral	A few people are sitting indoor of a building with lots of photographed on the walls .	The people are viewing a newer art exhibit .
neutral	A few people are sitting inland of a building with lots of photo on the walls .	The people are viewing a newest art exhibit .
neutral	A few people are sitting interior of a building with lots of photograph on the walls .	The people are viewing a newest art exhibit .
neutral	A males wearing a black t-shirt that says `` Long Live the Dead '' pulls a shopping cart in the street near a NYC yellow taxis cab .	The man just got done shopping .
neutral	A men wearing a negro t-shirt that says `` Long Live the Dead '' pulls a shopping cart in the street near a NYC yellow cab taxi .	The mens just got done shopping .
neutral	A man wearing a negro t-shirt that says `` Long Live the Dead '' pulls a shopping cart in the street near a NYC yellow cab taxis .	The man just got done shopping .
neutral	Three teen women perform a dances in a crowded hall .	Three juveniles females are tummy dance in front of a crowd .
neutral	Three teenagers woman perform a dance in a crowded hall .	Three teens female are belly dances in front of a crowd .
neutral	Three juveniles females perform a dance in a crowded hall .	Three children woman are tummy dance in front of a crowd .
neutral	A women with a blue jacket around her waist is sitting on the ledge of some stone ruins rest .	A female sits in front of seniors indian ruins
neutral	A women with a blue jacket around her waist is sitting on the ledge of some stone ruins rest .	A women sits in front of age indian ruins
neutral	A female with a blue jacket around her waist is sitting on the ledge of some stone ruins resting .	A females sits in front of older indian ruins
neutral	A groups of people are standing on steps in front of a building .	A grouping of people are protest in front of a building .
neutral	A panel of people are standing on steps in front of a building .	A panel of people are protest in front of a building .
neutral	A panel of people are standing on steps in front of a building .	A grouping of people are protests in front of a building .
neutral	Brown and cream dog with tongue out in front of grassy forest	The dog is contemplating whether it should enter the grassy forest .
neutral	Brown and cream dog with tongue out in front of grassy forest	The dog is contemplating whether it should enter the grassy forestry .
neutral	Brown and cream dog with tongue out in front of grassy forest	The dog is contemplating whether it should enter the grassy forester .
neutral	A miners boy , wearing a jesters hat is enjoying itself sledding .	A young boy wearing a hat is frigid while he sleds .
neutral	A youthful boy , wearing a jesters hat is enjoying itself sledding .	A minors boy wearing a hat is icy while he sleds .
neutral	A underage boy , wearing a jesters hat is enjoying himself sledding .	A teens boy wearing a hat is chilly while he sleds .
neutral	A man in a red shirt is learn how to climbing a cliff .	A males is acquire info .
neutral	A males in a red shirt is learned how to climb a cliff .	A male is acquiring information .
neutral	A males in a red shirt is learn how to climb a cliff .	A men is acquiring info .
neutral	A men in a red shirt is learn how to climb a cliff .	A males is teaching itself how to climbing .
neutral	A males in a red shirt is learned how to climb a cliff .	A mens is teaching himself how to climbing .
neutral	A mens in a red shirt is learning how to climb a cliff .	A masculine is teaching himself how to climb .
neutral	A shirtless men with cropped hairstyle smoking a cigarette and ties a plastic satchel .	The males does n't care much about his health .
neutral	A shirtless mens with cropped hairdo smoker a cigarette and ties a plastic pockets .	The mens does n't caring much approximately his health .
neutral	A shirtless masculine with cropped hairdo smoked a cigarette and ties a plastic knapsack .	The men does n't care much roughly his health .
neutral	A minors men blew up balloons to craft into animals for the seven excited adolescents that looked on .	A masculine is twist a balloon into the shape of a dog .
neutral	A youths man blew up balloons to craft into animal for the seven excited youths that looked on .	A masculine is twist a balloon into the shape of a dog .
neutral	A juvenile men blew up balloons to craft into zoo for the seven excited youngsters that looked on .	A males is twisting a balloon into the shape of a dog .
neutral	An enthusiastic boy pushes a shopping cart containing a smiling boy .	Two boys are aid their parents shop
neutral	An enthusiastic boy pushes a shopping cart containing a smiling boy .	Two boys are aided their parents shop
neutral	An enthusiastic boy pushes a shopping cart containing a smiling boy .	Two boys are aids their parents shop
neutral	An enthusiastic boy pushes a shopping cart containing a smiling boy .	A boy is walking on the street
neutral	An enthusiastic boy pushes a shopping cart containing a smiling boy .	A boy is walking on the street
neutral	An enthusiastic boy pushes a shopping cart containing a smiling boy .	A boy is walking on the street
neutral	Blond boy in striped shirt on the swing set .	A boy in a blue striped shirt is on the swing set .
neutral	Blond boy in striped shirt on the swing set .	A boy in a blue striped shirt is on the swing set .
neutral	Blond boy in striped shirt on the swing set .	A boy in a blue striped shirt is on the swing set .
neutral	Boy in rucksack crossing the street , Other people , all Asian , are all in crosswalk walking towards the boy .	The boy is on his way home from school .
neutral	Boy in bag cross the street , Other people , all Asian , are all in crosswalk walking toward the boy .	The boy is on his manner home from school .
neutral	Boy in knapsack crossing the street , Other people , all Asian , are all in crosswalk walking toward the boy .	The boy is on his way home from school .
neutral	A female is sitting outboard at a tables , using a knife to chop into a sandwich .	A females is sitting exterior waiting for her friend .
neutral	A woman is sitting outside at a table , using a knife to cutting into a sandwich .	A women is sitting outdoor waiting for her friend .
neutral	A women is sitting outside at a table , using a knife to cut into a sandwich .	A women is sitting outside wait for her friend .
neutral	A mens is shooting a arms outdoors , on what looks like a beautiful sunny day .	A males is shooting a weapons outside with his friends .
neutral	A male is shooting a weapon outdoors , on what looks like a beautiful sunny day .	A male is shooting a gun exterior with his friends .
neutral	A man is shooting a pistols outdoors , on what looks like a beautiful sunny day .	A males is shooting a shotguns outside with his friends .
neutral	A masculine flying out of a river raft filled with 6 other people .	The raft is filled with 6 woman .
neutral	A man flying out of a river raft filled with 6 other people .	The raft is filled with 6 women .
neutral	A man flying out of a river raft filled with 6 other people .	The raft is filled with 6 female .
neutral	There are two shipping full of people in a river , one is halted and the other is moving .	One of the navigation ran out of gas .
neutral	There are two examines full of people in a river , one is halted and the other is moving .	One of the surveys ran out of gas .
neutral	There are two probing full of people in a river , one is stopped and the other is moving .	One of the study ran out of gas .
neutral	Three musicians are play in a band .	The rock bands is playing to a sells out crowd
neutral	Three musicians are play in a bands .	The rock bands is playing to a sell out crowd
neutral	Three musicians are playing in a bands .	The rock band is play to a sell out crowd
neutral	Two person dressed up like animals are posing for the camera .	Two adolescent boys attired like cows are posing .
neutral	Two persons dressed up like animal are posing for the camera .	Two teenager boys attired like cattle are posing .
neutral	Two individuals dressed up like zoo are posing for the camera .	Two teen boys attired like cows are posing .
neutral	Two masculine are making hand gestures and posing for a photographing .	The mens are standing in overall darkness .
neutral	Two males are making hand gestures and posing for a photography .	The masculine are standing in total darkness .
neutral	Two males are making hand gestures and posing for a picture .	The men are standing in overall darkness .
neutral	Two man are making hand gestures and posing for a images .	Two friends give thumbs up to the camera .
neutral	Two mens are making hand gestures and posing for a photographing .	Two friends give thumbs up to the camera .
neutral	Two male are making hand gestures and posing for a images .	Two friends give thumbs up to the camera .
neutral	A group of footballs players is standing behind a coaches officially .	They are colleges football gamers .
neutral	A panel of footballs gamers is standing behind a coaches officially .	They are colleges football players .
neutral	A panels of footballs players is standing behind a coach formally .	They are college football gamers .
neutral	A male holds up a sign that reads `` tattoo '' as diverse people walk near him .	A man is holding a sign a shrieking `` tattooing '' .
neutral	A mens holds up a sign that reads `` tattooing '' as multiple people walk near him .	A mens is holding a sign a screaming `` tattoo '' .
neutral	A mens holds up a sign that reads `` tattooing '' as multiple people walk near him .	A masculine is holding a sign a screams `` tattoo '' .
neutral	An ancient woman with a tan nun uniformed on and goggles is taking a image with her camera .	A female is trying to take photograph of the world 's maximum tree
neutral	An older females with a tan nun uniform on and eyeglasses is taking a photographed with her camera .	A females is trying to take pictures of the world 's supreme tree
neutral	An ancient woman with a tan nun standardized on and eyeglasses is taking a photographer with her camera .	A women is trying to take photographer of the world 's upper tree
neutral	Several people are playing an fierce games of paintball while others watch from the sidelines .	The people watching from the sidelines cheer .
neutral	Several people are play an fierce games of paintball while others watch from the sidelines .	The people watching from the sidelines cheer .
neutral	Several people are play an intense games of paintball while others watch from the sidelines .	The people watching from the sidelines cheer .
neutral	A masculine attired only in a towel is in a sauna .	An elder man attired solely in a yellow towel is sweating in a sauna .
neutral	A male attired solely in a towel is in a sauna .	An archaic men dressed solely in a yellow towel is sweating in a sauna .
neutral	A males clothed solely in a towel is in a sauna .	An senior males dressed solely in a yellow towel is sweating in a sauna .
neutral	Repairing the roof of a school on the ribs .	Women are fixing a school roof .
neutral	Repairing the roof of a school on the ribs .	Women are fixing a school roof .
neutral	Repairing the roof of a school on the coast .	Women are fixing a school roof .
neutral	Five teens masculine are in a loft , with one holding a whiteboard and one making a shaka sign in front of the televisions .	Five male watch television .
neutral	Five teen men are in a loft , with one holding a whiteboard and one making a shaka sign in front of the tv .	Five masculine watch tv .
neutral	Five minors masculine are in a loft , with one holding a whiteboard and one making a shaka sign in front of the tvs .	Five masculine watch tv .
neutral	A small daughters in a pink garb crying .	A youngsters daughters is crying for more attention .
neutral	A little girls in a pink dress crying .	A teens girls is crying for more attention .
neutral	A small girls in a pink garb crying .	A adolescents daughter is crying for more attention .
neutral	Colorful rings spray water at little girl wearing swimwear .	The teen is at a waterpark .
neutral	Colorful ring sprays water at little daughter wearing swimwear .	The juvenile is at a waterpark .
neutral	Colorful ringing sprays water at small daughters wearing swimwear .	The minors is at a waterpark .
neutral	A blond-haired baby is sitting on the floor playing with toys while search at a negro and white cat .	The baby and the cat are in the living room .
neutral	A blond-haired baby is sitting on the floor play with toys while searches at a negro and white cat .	The baby and the cat are in the living room .
neutral	A blond-haired baby is sitting on the floor playing with toys while searches at a negro and white cat .	The baby and the cat are in the living rooms .
neutral	Five young man are in a loft , with one holding a whiteboard and one making a shaka sign in front of the tv .	Some guys are in a living rooms .
neutral	Five minors man are in a loft , with one holding a whiteboard and one making a shaka sign in front of the tv .	Some guys are in a living rooms .
neutral	Five miners mens are in a loft , with one holding a whiteboard and one making a shaka sign in front of the tv .	Some guys are in a living room .
neutral	The dog is in the snow in front of some tree .	A dog is playing in the snow .
neutral	The dog is in the snow in front of some trees .	A dog is playing in the snowy .
neutral	The dog is in the snow in front of some trees .	A dog is play in the snowy .
neutral	A young boy is playing in the sandy water .	The boy is play at the beach .
neutral	A miners boy is play in the sandy water .	The boy is playing at the beach .
neutral	A smaller boy is play in the sandy water .	The boy is playing at the beach .
neutral	A youngsters in a red coat waves a hand in the airplanes while lying in snow beside a red plastic sled .	A child is play in the snowy with his friends .
neutral	A teens in a red coat waves a hand in the aeroplane while lies in snow beside a red plastic sled .	A youth is playing in the snowy with his friends .
neutral	A children in a red coat waves a hand in the plane while lies in snowy beside a red plastic sled .	A underage is play in the snowy with his friends .
neutral	A females in a grey sweater conversations to another women in a black jacket .	A dame wearing gray speaks to a lady in negro outboard of a church .
neutral	A woman in a grey sweater talking to another females in a negro jacket .	A dame wearing grey speaks to a dame in negro outside of a church .
neutral	A women in a gray jumper conversation to another females in a black jacket .	A dame wearing gray speaks to a dame in negro outer of a church .
neutral	A boy at the beach runs through the surfing toward three other people who are already in the water .	The boy is running through the surfing toward his family that are swimming .
neutral	A boy at the beach runs through the surfing toward three other people who are already in the water .	The boy is running through the surf towards his family that are swim .
neutral	A boy at the beach runs through the surf toward three other people who are already in the water .	The boy is running through the surf towards his family that are swimming .
neutral	A masculine in a black ball cap , negro jacket and panties sitting in front of a building paints white and blue with the words ING and PEOPLE written on it .	The mens is sitting in front of a school .
neutral	A men in a negro ball caps , negro jacket and underclothes sitting in front of a building painted white and blue with the words ING and PEOPLE written on it .	The males is sitting in front of a school .
neutral	A mens in a black ball chaps , negro jacket and breeches sitting in front of a building painted white and blue with the words ING and PEOPLE written on it .	The males is sitting in front of a school .
neutral	A males in a blue shirt emerges from a doorway .	A male is on his way to work .
neutral	A masculine in a blue shirt emerges from a doorway .	A masculine is on his manner to work .
neutral	A masculine in a blue shirt emerges from a doorway .	A mens is on his way to work .
neutral	A teen in an orange outfit stands holding flower .	The boy has a gift for his ma .
neutral	A youths in an orange outfit stands holding flowers .	The boy has a gift for his momma .
neutral	A children in an orange outfit stands holding flowers .	The boy has a gift for his mother .
neutral	Two brown and white dogs running on a grassy but brown fenced yard .	The dogs wanted to unearth the end of the fences , but it seemed to keep on going , always turn into yet another stretch of distance .
neutral	Two brown and white dogs running on a grassy but brown fenced yard .	The dogs wanted to unearth the ends of the fence , but it seemed to preserve on going , always turning into yet another stretching of distance .
neutral	Two brown and white dogs running on a grassy but brown fenced yard .	The dogs wanted to find the end of the fencing , but it seemed to maintain on going , always turn into yet another stretch of distance .
neutral	Two antique women sitting on curb next to flowers	Two age women sat near the scenery that they enjoyed
neutral	Two seniors females sitting on curb next to flowers	Two old females sat near the scenery that they enjoyed
neutral	Two senior females sitting on curb next to flowers	Two elder women sat near the scenery that they enjoyed
neutral	A masculine with a blue helmet and orange shirt .	An 20 year older masculine has an orange shirt .
neutral	A men with a blue helmet and orange shirt .	An 20 year seniors men has an orange shirt .
neutral	A man with a blue helmet and orange shirt .	An 20 year antiquated mens has an orange shirt .
neutral	Man in leather jacket and scarf sits on purple cushion at a parties .	A men is at his sisters party .
neutral	Man in leather jacket and scarf sits on purple cushion at a parties .	A males is at his sisters parties .
neutral	Man in leather jacket and scarf sits on purple cushion at a parties .	A mens is at his sisters parties .
neutral	A couple opened up a novel electronically mixer .	The newest mixer is necessary for this new couple
neutral	A couple openings up a newer electronically mixer .	The newer mixer is needed for this newer couple
neutral	A couple opens up a newer electronically mixer .	The new mixer is necessary for this newest couple
neutral	A males in a blue shirt and a female in a pink skirt sit around other people in the background .	There is a panels of people at a music festival .
neutral	A males in a blue shirt and a woman in a pink skirt sit around other people in the background .	There is a panels of people at a music festival .
neutral	A male in a blue shirt and a females in a pink skirt sit around other people in the background .	There is a group of people at a music festival .
neutral	A furry dog is jumping over a hurdle .	Several dogs are racing and one is jumping over a barrier .
neutral	A furry dog is jumping over a barriers .	Several dogs are races and one is jumping over a hurdle .
neutral	A furry dog is jumping over a hurdles .	Several dogs are race and one is jumping over a obstacle .
neutral	A man on a ladder in tall grass .	The males is wearing sunglasses .
neutral	A male on a ladder in tall grass .	The mens is wearing eyeglasses .
neutral	A male on a ladder in tall grass .	The men is wearing sunglasses .
neutral	A street performer wearing glasses and paint in copper colored painting is acting like he is filming with an old-fashioned prop film camera .	A mime is practise his art .
neutral	A street performer wearing goggles and painting in bronze colored paints is acting like he is filming with an old-fashioned prop cinema camera .	A mime is practice his art .
neutral	A street performer wearing goggles and painting in copper colored paint is acting like he is filming with an old-fashioned prop film camera .	A mime is practicing his art .
neutral	A mens wearing a white shirt and a blue jeans reading a journal while standing	A men is reading a journal on break .
neutral	A males wearing a white shirt and a blue jeans reading a newspapers while standing	A males is reading a newspaper on break .
neutral	A masculine wearing a white shirt and a blue jeans reading a newspaper while standing	A males is reading a newspapers on break .
neutral	A man wearing an orange shirt and glasses jogging in a marathon with viewers spectating him .	A male competes in a long distance run .
neutral	A masculine wearing an orange shirt and eyeglasses jogging in a marathon with spectators spectating him .	A man competes in a lengthy distance run .
neutral	A male wearing an orange shirt and glasses jogging in a marathon with spectators spectating him .	A mens competes in a lengthy distance run .
neutral	A male running in a races passes by spectators .	The persons is running a marathon .
neutral	A man running in a errand passes by spectators .	The person is running a marathon .
neutral	A male running in a race passes by spectators .	The person is running a marathon .
neutral	Topless girl riding a red motorcycle .	The woman is tall .
neutral	Topless daughters riding a red cyclist .	The women is tall .
neutral	Topless girl riding a red motorcycles .	The women is tall .
neutral	a men giving two thumbs up to a crowd .	He has just win the competition
neutral	a mens giving two thumbs up to a crowd .	He has just win the competition
neutral	a mens giving two thumbs up to a crowd .	He has just wins the competition
neutral	People seated at long table all facing the same direction , some writing and some watching .	A family reuniting is in progress as relatives sit at table and writing down each other 's addresses .
neutral	People seated at long tables all facing the identical direction , some writing and some watching .	A families reuniting is in progression as relatives sit at tables and write down each other 's addresses .
neutral	People seated at long table all facing the same direction , some write and some watching .	A families reunion is in progression as relatives sit at table and writing down each other 's addresses .
neutral	Middle-aged males cleanliness the fallen snowy on the roof of his vehicle with a broom .	The male is getting his car readies for work .
neutral	Middle-aged males cleanliness the fallen snow on the roof of his vehicle with a broom .	The mens is getting his motor braced for work .
neutral	Middle-aged masculine cleanliness the fallen snowy on the roof of his automobiles with a broom .	The male is getting his car poised for work .
neutral	Man and a female at the side of a table covered in books .	Two people are shield by paperbacks .
neutral	Man and a female at the side of a tables cover in ledger .	Two people are shielded by paperbacks .
neutral	Man and a females at the side of a tables covered in ledger .	Two people are shield by paperbacks .
neutral	An elder females is preparing food in the kitchen .	A individuals makes dinner .
neutral	An outdated female is preparing food in the kitchen .	A person makes dinner .
neutral	An elderly women is preparing food in the kitchen .	A individuals makes dinner .
neutral	Four females carrying shoulder bags are walking down a town pavement .	Four woman are shopping for jewelry .
neutral	Four woman carrying shoulder handbag are walking down a city sidewalk .	Four female are shopping for jewellery .
neutral	Four female carrying shoulder bag are walking down a town sidewalk .	Four woman are shopping for jewellery .
neutral	White dog play in the snowy .	The dog has icy paws from the snowy .
neutral	White dog play in the snow .	The dog has colder paws from the snowy .
neutral	White dog play in the snowy .	The dog has frigid paws from the snow .
neutral	Four women and two males are in a kitchen , cooks near a lengthy tables with a white tablecloth .	Tall people cooking
neutral	Four woman and two men are in a kitchen , cooking near a long tables with a white tablecloth .	Tall people cooking
neutral	Four women and two mens are in a kitchen , cook near a long tables with a white tablecloth .	Tall people cooking
neutral	the white dog is carrying a ball in its mouth .	The dog is running with a ball in its mouth .
neutral	the white dog is carrying a ball in its mouth .	The dog is running with a ball in its mouth .
neutral	the white dog is carrying a ball in its mouth .	The dog is running with a ball in its mouth .
neutral	A white dog holds a tennis ball in its mouth in a field .	The dog is fetching the ball for its holders .
neutral	A white dog holds a tennis ball in its mouth in a field .	The dog is fetching the ball for its owners .
neutral	A white dog holds a tennis ball in its mouth in a field .	The dog is fetching the ball for its holder .
neutral	A male in colorful shorts is surfing under a wave .	A man on vacation is at the naval .
neutral	A mens in colorful shorts is surfer under a wave .	A mens on vacation is at the maritime .
neutral	A man in colorful shorts is surfing under a wave .	A masculine on vacation is at the oceans .
neutral	Several people are wait in a underpass station .	The people are all waiting for the same train .
neutral	Several people are waiting in a subway station .	The people are all waiting for the identical train .
neutral	Several people are wait in a subway station .	The people are all waiting for the same train .
neutral	Two wrestlers in an fierce matching .	Two wrestlers are compete and are brothers .
neutral	Two wrestlers in an fierce matching .	Two wrestlers are compete and are brothers .
neutral	Two wrestlers in an fierce matching .	Two wrestlers are compete and are fraternal .
neutral	A males clothed in negro and holding a packaged in his hands is walking on a pavement near a policeman sign asking for witnesses to a routes dealth to step forward .	there was a bad accident
neutral	A men clothed in negro and holding a pack in his hands is walking on a pavement near a policeman sign asking for witnesses to a routing dealth to step forward .	there was a bad accident
neutral	A mens dressed in black and holding a packages in his hands is walking on a sidewalk near a cop sign asking for witnesses to a path dealth to step forwards .	there was a bad accident
neutral	Four woman competitively rollerskating around an sphere .	Four woman enjoying rollerskating .
neutral	Four female competitively rollerskating around an zone .	Four female enjoying rollerskating .
neutral	Four female competitively rollerskating around an zone .	Four women enjoying rollerskating .
neutral	A persons belted into a bungee-jumping ride in airline .	A person is thrown gleefully shrieking into the airplane by a bungee-jumping ride
neutral	A individuals belted into a bungee-jumping ride in aviation .	A persons is thrown gleefully screams into the aeroplane by a bungee-jumping ride
neutral	A individuals belted into a bungee-jumping ride in air .	A persons is thrown gleefully shrieking into the aerial by a bungee-jumping ride
neutral	An Asian mens is performing with face paints on .	The Asian men is drawing a crowd .
neutral	An Asian male is performing with face paints on .	The Asian man is drawing a crowd .
neutral	An Asian males is performing with face paint on .	The Asian male is drawing a crowd .
neutral	An aging male in a pink polo looks through a telescope with a petite minor standing next to him while others stand with their telescope in the background .	An ugly senior male in a pink polo looks through a telescopes with a petite teens standing next to him
neutral	An elder men in a pink polo looks through a telescope with a small youthful standing next to him while others stand with their telescopes in the background .	An ugly elder men in a pink polo looks through a telescopes with a little youthful standing next to him
neutral	An elder man in a pink polo looks through a telescopes with a little juveniles standing next to him while others stand with their telescope in the background .	An ugly aging men in a pink polo looks through a telescopes with a small youths standing next to him
neutral	The brown , furry animal is walking in the snowy grass with a trees behind him .	The zoo is walking through a woodland .
neutral	The brown , furry animals is walking in the snowy grass with a trees behind him .	The animal is walking through a forest .
neutral	The brown , furry animal is walking in the snowy grass with a tree behind him .	The animal is walking through a forestry .
neutral	A cop on a moped from the rear .	An officers driving down a street .
neutral	A policing on a motorbike from the rear .	An officers drives down a street .
neutral	A policing on a bicycle from the rear .	An officers driving down a street .
neutral	A person is hanging on to the bottom of an airliner preparing to skydive .	A individuals is skydiving alone
neutral	A individuals is hanging on to the bottom of an jets preparing to skydive .	A persons is skydiving alone
neutral	A person is hanging on to the bottom of an airplanes preparing to skydive .	A persons is skydiving alone
neutral	A male on one miniature train passes a circular object to a males on another train as they pass by .	Two trains of various sizes but following each other side by side going to opposing directions .
neutral	A men on one miniature train passes a circular object to a males on another train as they pass by .	Two trains of varied sizes but following each other side by side going to opposed directions .
neutral	A mens on one miniature train passes a circular object to a males on another train as they pass by .	Two trains of differing sizes but following each other side by side going to oppose directions .
neutral	A juvenile boy in a dentist exams .	A adolescent boy is getting a cavity filled .
neutral	A youngsters boy in a dentist inspect .	A teenage boy is getting a cavity filled .
neutral	A children boy in a dental exam .	A youngsters boy is getting a cavity filled .
neutral	Four people wearing backpacks walking in a line along a mountain trail .	Four people are walking along a mountain trail trying to get down prior the storm .
neutral	Four people wearing backpacks walking in a line along a mountain trail .	Four people are walking along a mountain trail trying to get down avant the storm .
neutral	Four people wearing backpacks walking in a line along a mountain trail .	Four people are walking along a mountain trail trying to get down prior the storm .
neutral	A silver autos is passing by the entrances of the Hotel Carmel , and many people are outdoor .	The people are staying at the Hotel Carmel .
neutral	A silver cars is passing by the entry of the Hotel Carmel , and multiple people are outboard .	The people are staying at the Hotel Carmel .
neutral	A silver vehicle is passing by the entrances of the Hotel Carmel , and many people are outdoor .	The people are staying at the Hotel Carmel .
neutral	A females wearing purple and carrying a handbag is walking out of a door .	The female is carrying a sac with her cellphone .
neutral	A woman wearing purple and carrying a purses is walking out of a door .	The women is carrying a purse with her portable .
neutral	A woman wearing purple and carry a sac is walking out of a gate .	The female is carrying a knapsack with her laptops .
neutral	A passenger wearing a life jacket prepares to take a photographic of a whale very close to the vessel .	A males is taking a photographer of a school of whales in Hawaii .
neutral	A passengers wearing a lifetime jacket prepares to take a photographs of a whale very close to the examining .	A men is taking a photos of a school of whales in Hawaii .
neutral	A passenger wearing a life jacket prepares to take a photo of a whaler very close to the ships .	A man is taking a photographer of a school of whales in Hawaii .
neutral	A panel of cleaners are sweeping up animal stools from the street during a parade or festival .	Workers cleaning up after St Patrick 's Day .
neutral	A grouping of cleaners are sweep up animal feces from the street during a parade or festival .	Workers cleaning up after St Patrick 's Day .
neutral	A panels of cleaners are sweep up animal feces from the street during a parade or festival .	Workers cleanliness up after St Patrick 's Day .
neutral	Small dog in costume stands on hind legs to reach dangling flowering .	A dog is attired up for Halloween and is trying to get flower for his master costume .
neutral	Small dog in costume stands on hind legs to reach dangling flowers .	A dog is dressed up for Halloween and is trying to get flowers for his master costume .
neutral	Small dog in costume stands on hind legs to reach dangling flower .	A dog is dressed up for Halloween and is trying to get flowers for his masters costume .
neutral	The dog is in snow , and has a stick in its mouth .	The dog is play fetch .
neutral	The dog is in snow , and has a stick in its mouth .	The dog is playing fetch .
neutral	The dog is in snowy , and has a stick in its mouth .	The dog is playing fetch .
neutral	A men in a boom hoisting bucket welds .	A mens is working indoors .
neutral	A male in a boom hoist pail welds .	A male is working indoors .
neutral	A mens in a boom hoist bucket welds .	A mens is working indoors .
neutral	A juveniles dark-haired females with red sun visor holding an opens white umbrella amidst a crowd of people	The attractive brunette in a red visor gets a lot of attention from the crowd as she holds a white umbrella .
neutral	A smaller dark-haired woman with red sun visor holding an opens white umbrella amidst a crowd of people	The attractive brunette in a red visor gets a batch of attention from the crowd as she holds a white umbrella .
neutral	A teens dark-haired women with red sun visor holding an open white umbrella amidst a crowd of people	The attractive brunette in a red visor gets a batch of attention from the crowd as she holds a white umbrella .
neutral	Two basketball players on oppose teams , one in white , the other in red , are mid-game , running down the court , white-uniform player with ball-in-hand .	The white team is wins a basketball games .
neutral	Two basketball players on oppose teams , one in white , the other in red , are mid-game , running down the courts , white-uniform player with ball-in-hand .	The white team is win a basketball games .
neutral	Two basketball players on opposing teams , one in white , the other in red , are mid-game , running down the court , white-uniform player with ball-in-hand .	The white team is win a basketball games .
neutral	A grouping of people are outside working .	Construction workers are building something .
neutral	A group of people are outboard working .	Construction workers are building something .
neutral	A group of people are exterior working .	Construction workers are building something .
neutral	A adolescent daughters in a pink shirt play with her barbie .	The juveniles girl is having fun .
neutral	A underage daughters in a pink shirt play with her barbie .	The youths girls is having fun .
neutral	A adolescent girls in a pink shirt playing with her barbie .	The teenage daughters is having fun .
neutral	A woman sitting with a guitar talking to a men sitting with an umbrella .	It is raining .
neutral	A female sitting with a guitar conversation to a men sitting with an umbrella .	It is raining .
neutral	A woman sitting with a guitar talking to a men sitting with an umbrella .	It is raining .
neutral	Two men are upload bales of wheat on top of a high structure on a overcast day .	The two men are not wearing shirts .
neutral	Two men are burden bales of wheat on top of a high structure on a overcast day .	The two masculine are not wearing shirts .
neutral	Two male are upload bales of wheat on top of a high structure on a overcast day .	The two men are not wearing shirts .
neutral	An elderly female is search at herself in the mirrors at a table with cosmetics .	the antiquated dame looks into the mirrors to choose which makeup she volition buy
neutral	An old women is searching at herself in the mirrored at a table with cosmetics .	the elderly lady looks into the mirrors to selection which makeup she volition buy
neutral	An aging female is searches at herself in the mirrors at a tables with cosmetics .	the old dame looks into the mirrored to picks which makeup she will buy
neutral	A female in a blue apron is holding a container of frosting cream .	A female is standing in a kitchen .
neutral	A woman in a blue apron is holding a container of icing cream .	A females is standing in a kitchen .
neutral	A women in a blue apron is holding a container of ice cream .	A woman is standing in a kitchen .
neutral	A females in a blue apron is holding a container of frosting cream .	A female is making a snack .
neutral	A females in a blue apron is holding a container of ice cream .	A women is making a snack .
neutral	A woman in a blue apron is holding a container of ice cream .	A woman is making a snack .
neutral	three adolescents wearing t-shirt run down the beach , with various other people in the background .	someone is being chased on a beach
neutral	three kid wearing t-shirt run down the beach , with assorted other people in the background .	someone is being chased on a beach
neutral	three youngsters wearing t-shirt run down the beach , with varying other people in the background .	someone is being chased on a beach
neutral	A male singer , attired in a long purple pea coat , holding an electric guitar , sings into a mics , while a men in glasses and wearing headphones , plays drums , with purple drapery hanging in the background .	the singer is paid
neutral	A mens singer , dressed in a lengthy purple pea coat , holding an electrified guitar , sings into a microphone , while a male in goggles and wearing headphones , plays drums , with purple drapery hanging in the background .	the singer is paid
neutral	A male singer , attired in a lengthy purple pea coat , holding an electric guitar , sing into a mics , while a men in spectacles and wearing headset , plays drums , with purple drapery hanging in the background .	the singer is paid
neutral	Overly dramatic couple pose for a photograph where an `` angry `` men `` chokes '' a female who sticks out her tongue .	A male is mad at the woman
neutral	Overly dramatic couple pose for a photographic where an `` angry `` men `` chokes '' a female who sticks out her tongue .	A masculine is mad at the woman
neutral	Overly dramatic couple pose for a picture where an `` angry `` men `` chokes '' a female who sticks out her tongue .	A man is mad at the woman
neutral	A daughter in a hat steers her electric wheelchair .	A daughter is following her parents on a wheelchair .
neutral	A daughters in a hat steers her electrical wheelchair .	A girls is following her parents on a wheelchair .
neutral	A daughter in a hat steers her electric wheelchair .	A girls is following her parents on a wheelchair .
neutral	A man in a corporation suit has just cross the street .	The men is walking to work .
neutral	A males in a business suit has just crossed the street .	The man is walking to work .
neutral	A masculine in a ventures suit has just cross the street .	The masculine is walking to work .
neutral	A man in a company suit has just cross the street .	The man is walking .
neutral	A masculine in a corporation suit has just crossing the street .	The males is walking .
neutral	A males in a business suit has just crossed the street .	The male is walking .
neutral	A man in a red shirt and a mens in a brown shirt smiling at the camera and holding up a sign .	A male in a red shirt and a men in a brown shirt are holding a sign at a peace rallying .
neutral	A mens in a red shirt and a male in a brown shirt smiling at the camera and holding up a sign .	A male in a red shirt and a mens in a brown shirt are holding a sign at a peace rallying .
neutral	A male in a red shirt and a men in a brown shirt smiling at the camera and holding up a sign .	A masculine in a red shirt and a male in a brown shirt are holding a sign at a peace rally .
neutral	A mens in a white shirt and grey loose hitting a golfer ball on a golfer course , with trees and power lines in the background .	The masculine is a poor golfing .
neutral	A male in a white shirt and gray slack hitting a golf ball on a golfing course , with tree and power lines in the background .	The mens is a poor golfer .
neutral	A men in a white shirt and gray loose hitting a golfing ball on a golfer course , with tree and power lines in the background .	The men is a poor golf .
neutral	A automobiles is burdens with item on the top .	The auto is going on a traveling .
neutral	A automobiles is loads with items on the top .	The motor is going on a travel .
neutral	A automobile is loading with items on the top .	The vehicular is going on a travels .
neutral	A males in green pants and blue shirt pushing a cart .	An aged males pushing a cart .
neutral	A males in green pants and blue shirt pushing a cart .	An elderly males pushing a cart .
neutral	A males in green panties and blue shirt pushing a cart .	An elders males pushing a cart .
neutral	A male wearing a negro jacket stands next to a organ of water .	The males is standing by a river .
neutral	A males wearing a black jacket stands next to a agency of water .	The males is standing by a river .
neutral	A mens wearing a black jacket stands next to a body of water .	The masculine is standing by a river .
neutral	A dog jumps over a piling of wood .	A dog jumps over a pile of woods to chases a rabbit .
neutral	A dog jumps over a piling of woods .	A dog jumps over a piling of lumber to pursues a rabbits .
neutral	A dog jumps over a piling of woods .	A dog jumps over a pile of wooden to hunted a bunny .
neutral	Two guys play soccer , one in red and the other in blue .	One of the masculine is a goalie .
neutral	Two guys playing soccer , one in red and the other in blue .	One of the males is a goalie .
neutral	Two guys playing soccer , one in red and the other in blue .	One of the masculine is a goalkeeper .
neutral	A well dressed seniors women standing in front of a bus decorated with photographer of purple flowers .	A grandmother is standing in front of a bus with violets decorated all over it .
neutral	A well dressed age woman standing in front of a bus decorated with photo of purple flowering .	A grandma is standing in front of a bus with violets decorated all over it .
neutral	A well attired aged women standing in front of a bus decorated with photographic of purple flower .	A granny is standing in front of a bus with violets decorated all over it .
neutral	A tennis player in a pink outfit serves the ball to her opponent .	The daughter hits the ball to her coaching .
neutral	A tennis player in a pink outfit serves the ball to her opponent .	The girl hits the ball to her coaching .
neutral	A tennis player in a pink outfit serves the ball to her opponent .	The girls hits the ball to her coaching .
neutral	A mens wearing a snorkel and goggles gives a thumbs up as he and another person speed through the water .	There are two guys above the water .
neutral	A men wearing a snorkel and sunglasses gives a thumbs up as he and another person accelerating through the water .	There are two guys above the water .
neutral	A male wearing a snorkel and sunglasses gives a thumbs up as he and another persons accelerates through the water .	There are two guys above the water .
neutral	Small girl riding in playing autos .	A girls is roughly to crash her toy vehicular .
neutral	Small girls riding in play autos .	A girl is about to crash her toy auto .
neutral	Small girl riding in playing auto .	A girls is about to crash her toy vehicles .
neutral	A adolescence men standing outer a laundromat .	A mens is wait for his garments to completing at the laundromat .
neutral	A juvenile men standing outboard a laundromat .	A mens is waiting for his apparel to complete at the laundromat .
neutral	A youth mens standing outside a laundromat .	A man is waiting for his garment to completes at the laundromat .
neutral	A young on a swing .	The kids is playing with friends on the swing .
neutral	A juvenile on a swing .	The kids is playing with friends on the swing .
neutral	A children on a swing .	The teenager is playing with friends on the swing .
neutral	A man wearing a snorkel and goggles gives a thumbs up as he and another person speed through the water .	Two guys are on a lake .
neutral	A man wearing a snorkel and sunglasses gives a thumbs up as he and another person velocity through the water .	Two guys are on a lake .
neutral	A men wearing a snorkel and spectacles gives a thumbs up as he and another persons speeding through the water .	Two guys are on a lake .
neutral	A males is performing for a panel in front of a white homes .	The mens performed in front of his owned house .
neutral	A males is performing for a panels in front of a white house .	The masculine performed in front of his own houses .
neutral	A man is performing for a panel in front of a white house .	The mens performed in front of his own dwelling .
neutral	a negro dog chasing a boy wearing red and blue .	a dog chase a boy to eat him
neutral	a black dog chase a boy wearing red and blue .	a dog pursues a boy to eat him
neutral	a negro dog chase a boy wearing red and blue .	a dog hunts a boy to eat him
neutral	A males sits behind a decorated tables inner a room with fabrics draped down the walls .	Man sitting at a tarot valentines shop , wait for his palm to be read .
neutral	A males sits behind a decorated table inland a rooms with fabrics draped down the walls .	Man sitting at a tarot valentines shop , waiting for his palm to be read .
neutral	A mens sits behind a decorated table inside a room with fabrics draped down the walls .	Man sitting at a tarot valentines shop , waiting for his palm to be read .
neutral	A blond women with a tattoo of on an angel on her arm walking down the street , a concrete wall in the background .	A persons with a great tatto
neutral	A blond females with a tattoo of on an angels on her arm walking down the street , a concrete wall in the background .	A persons with a great tatto
neutral	A blond woman with a tattoo of on an angels on her arm walking down the street , a concrete wall in the background .	A persons with a great tatto
neutral	A children wearing a red top is standing behind a blond headed young sitting in a wheelbarrow .	A kid wearing a red top is standing behind a pretty blond headed child
neutral	A miners wearing a red top is standing behind a blond headed adolescents sitting in a wheelbarrow .	A youth wearing a red top is standing behind a pretty blond headed child
neutral	A minor wearing a red top is standing behind a blond headed child sitting in a wheelbarrow .	A teenagers wearing a red top is standing behind a pretty blond headed child
neutral	A female looks at a images and framing tools while standing in a sparse building with woods floors and nude white walls .	A females is crying as she explore her framing job .
neutral	A females looks at a photographs and framing tools while standing in a sparse building with woods floors and bare white walls .	A female is crying as she explorer her framing job .
neutral	A females looks at a images and framing tools while standing in a sparse building with lumber floors and naked white walls .	A female is crying as she battleship her framing job .
neutral	A adolescent girls jumps off her swing in front of building .	girl plays in park
neutral	A minors girl jumps off her swing in front of building .	girl plays in park
neutral	A teen girl jumps off her swing in front of building .	girl plays in park
neutral	A panel is walking between two giant rock formations .	A panel is hiking .
neutral	A group is walking between two giant rock formations .	A grouping is hiking .
neutral	A groups is walking between two giant rock formations .	A panels is hiking .
neutral	Several woman wearing dresses dance in the forests .	The female are older
neutral	Several woman wearing dresses dancing in the forests .	The females are older
neutral	Several women wearing dresses dancing in the woodland .	The women are older
neutral	Four people walk across stepping stones in a bodies of water .	The people are trying to cross a river without getting wet .
neutral	Four people walk across stepping stones in a organ of water .	The people are trying to cross a river without getting wet .
neutral	Four people walk across stepping stones in a body of water .	The people are trying to crossed a river without getting wet .
neutral	An antiquated male sifts water through his fingers as a youthful toddler watches from inland the water .	A seniors men and toddler playfully splash each other while in water
neutral	An outdated males sifts water through his fingers as a adolescent toddler watches from inside the water .	A aging masculine and toddler playfully splash each other while in water
neutral	An antique masculine sifts water through his fingers as a youth toddler watches from interior the water .	A elder males and toddler playfully splash each other while in water
neutral	An aging masculine sifts water through his fingers as a minor toddler watches from inland the water .	A granddad is bathing his grandchild
neutral	An outdated masculine sifts water through his fingers as a minors toddler watches from inside the water .	A grandfather is bathing his grandchild
neutral	An outdated males sifts water through his fingers as a kid toddler clocks from inside the water .	A grandfather is bathing his grandchild
neutral	The woman is photograph statues outdoors on a sunny day .	Women photographer statues for a magazine
neutral	The female is picture statues outdoors on a sunny day .	Women pictures statues for a magazine
neutral	The woman is pictures statues outdoors on a sunny day .	Women pictures statues for a magazine
neutral	A miners girls is wearing a blue patterned swimsuit , a negro and yellow swimming caps and has blue swimming spectacles on her head .	Girl with swim chap and spectacles prepares to leap in pool .
neutral	A kid daughters is wearing a blue patterned swimwear , a black and yellow swimming chap and has blue swim sunglasses on her head .	Girl with swim ceiling and glasses prepares to leap in pool .
neutral	A teens daughter is wearing a blue patterned swimsuit , a black and yellow swimming chaps and has blue swimming glasses on her head .	Girl with swimming ceiling and spectacles prepares to jump in pool .
neutral	A males in purple tie is sung .	A male is performing in a concert .
neutral	A male in purple tie is sing .	A men is performing in a concert .
neutral	A men in purple tie is sing .	A male is performing in a concert .
neutral	A worker shoveling filth into a wheelbarrow .	The worker is a men .
neutral	A worker shoveling dirt into a wheelbarrow .	The worker is a men .
neutral	A worker shoveling filth into a wheelbarrow .	The worker is a man .
neutral	An ancient gray-haired male with goggles in a gray t-shirt is working on a sculpture .	The males is 100 years old
neutral	An elder gray-haired men with eyeglasses in a gray t-shirt is working on a sculpture .	The mens is 100 years old
neutral	An elders gray-haired masculine with goggles in a grey t-shirt is working on a sculpture .	The masculine is 100 olds old
neutral	A boy in a green shirt on a skateboard on a stone wall with graffiti	A long-haired boy riding his skateboard at a promptly pace over a stone wall with graffiti .
neutral	A boy in a green shirt on a skateboard on a stone wall with graffiti	A long-haired boy riding his skateboarding at a fastest pace over a stone wall with graffiti .
neutral	A boy in a green shirt on a skateboard on a stone wall with graffiti	A long-haired boy riding his skateboarding at a rapid pace over a stone wall with graffiti .
neutral	Four men in the forests move a canon down the road .	The masculine are preparing to siege a castle .
neutral	Four masculine in the forestry move a cannon down the path .	The males are preparing to siege a castle .
neutral	Four mens in the forests move a canon down the road .	The male are preparing to siege a castle .
neutral	A small daughter drawing with chalk , on a chalkboard .	A small girl is drawing on the board during class .
neutral	A little girls drawing with chalk , on a blackboard .	A petite daughters is drawing on the board during class .
neutral	A little girl drawing with chalk , on a chalkboard .	A small girl is drawing on the board during class .
neutral	A dame in a white tank and shorts fixing a lumber drawer .	The female is wearing black shorts .
neutral	A dame in a white tank and shorts fixing a lumber drawer .	The women is wearing black shorts .
neutral	A lady in a white tank and shorts fixing a timber drawer .	The women is wearing negro shorts .
neutral	An antique female with short red-hair is preparing food in a kitchen .	An aging women is making spaghetti .
neutral	An elders females with short red-hair is preparing food in a kitchen .	An senior females is making spaghetti .
neutral	An archaic females with short red-hair is preparing food in a kitchen .	An senior female is making spaghetti .
neutral	Two females are eating lollipops - the blond woman is wearing a button and the one with brown hair and a scarf has her eyes closed .	Two sisters are eating lollipops .
neutral	Two women are eating lollipops - the blond women is wearing a button and the one with brown hairdo and a scarf has her eyes closed .	Two sisters are eating lollipops .
neutral	Two women are eating lollipops - the blond female is wearing a button and the one with brown hair and a scarf has her eyes closed .	Two sisters are eating lollipops .
neutral	A mens is giving another males a haircut while three other guys stand around .	A masculine is getting tidied up for a job interview .
neutral	A males is giving another mens a haircut while three other guys stand around .	A masculine is getting tidied up for a job interview .
neutral	A male is giving another mens a haircut while three other guys stand around .	A men is getting tidied up for a job interviewing .
neutral	Men at a parties hanging out on the front porch .	They are smoker smoker on the porch .
neutral	Men at a parties hanging out on the front porch .	They are smoked cigarettes on the porch .
neutral	Men at a parties hanging out on the front porch .	They are cigarettes smoking on the porch .
neutral	Girls giving a presentation for a school class .	The girl are in front of a blackboard in a classroom .
neutral	Girls giving a presentations for a school class .	The girls are in front of a chalkboard in a classroom .
neutral	Girls giving a presentations for a school class .	The daughters are in front of a blackboard in a classroom .
neutral	A older men with grey hairdo wearing a grey suit next to a green and yellow taxi .	A cab drivers with grey hair next to a green and yellow taxis .
neutral	A outdated mens with gray hairdo wearing a gray suit next to a green and yellow taxis .	A taxi drivers with grey hairstyle next to a green and yellow taxis .
neutral	A archaic male with gray hair wearing a grey suit next to a green and yellow cab .	A taxi driver with gray hair next to a green and yellow cab .
neutral	The man in camouflage underclothes telephone 911 for the men in negro sneakers who is lurks on the ground having a heart attacks .	The male are terrified .
neutral	The mens in camouflage trousers telephones 911 for the men in black sneakers who is lie on the ground having a heart attack .	The masculine are terrified .
neutral	The male in camouflage panties phone 911 for the male in black sneakers who is lies on the ground having a heart attacks .	The male are terrified .
neutral	A choir of miners are singing .	they are singing in a christmas program
neutral	A choir of youthful are sing .	they are sing in a xmas program
neutral	A choir of smaller are singing .	they are sung in a christmas program
neutral	A newspapers delivery man smiles as he walks down a sidewalk holding his papers on top of his head .	The guy just got a hefty tip from a client .
neutral	A newspapers delivery male smiles as he walks down a pavement holding his papers on top of his head .	The guy just got a vast tip from a client .
neutral	A newspapers delivery masculine smiles as he walks down a sidewalk holding his papers on top of his head .	The guy just got a overwhelming tip from a client .
neutral	A youth redheaded daughter in a blue shirt is walking and talking with a boy in black Pearl Jam shirt .	A couple of teenage people hanging out .
neutral	A adolescence redheaded girl in a blue shirt is walking and conversation with a boy in negro Pearl Jam shirt .	A couple of young people hanging out .
neutral	A youngsters redheaded daughter in a blue shirt is walking and conversations with a boy in negro Pearl Jam shirt .	A couple of children people hanging out .
neutral	A juveniles redheaded girls in a blue shirt is walking and conversations with a boy in black Pearl Jam shirt .	A couple of minor people are at a concert .
neutral	A adolescents redheaded daughter in a blue shirt is walking and discussions with a boy in negro Pearl Jam shirt .	A couple of adolescent people are at a concert .
neutral	A miner redheaded girls in a blue shirt is walking and conversations with a boy in black Pearl Jam shirt .	A couple of adolescents people are at a concert .
neutral	A man and a females are on a seesaw .	Two attractive grownups on a seesaw .
neutral	A mens and a females are on a seesaw .	Two attractive adults on a seesaw .
neutral	A man and a females are on a seesaw .	Two attractive adult on a seesaw .
neutral	The persons is reading a book .	A persons reads their favorite new .
neutral	The person is reading a book .	A persons reads their favorite new .
neutral	The persons is reading a book .	A person reads their favorite new .
neutral	A males wearing a straw hat sitting in a chairs holding the leash on a dog who is laying on the sidewalk next to him .	The dog is a retriever .
neutral	A man wearing a straw hat sitting in a chair holding the leash on a dog who is laying on the sidewalk next to him .	The dog is a retriever .
neutral	A masculine wearing a straw hat sitting in a chair holding the leash on a dog who is laying on the pavement next to him .	The dog is a retriever .
neutral	Sexy youthful men stand on a balcony having a heated discussions .	Young men went out on the balcony to argue in private .
neutral	Sexy adolescence males stand on a balcony having a heated discussions .	Young masculine went out on the balcony to argue in private .
neutral	Sexy teenage men stand on a balcony having a heated discussions .	Young mens went out on the balcony to argue in private .
neutral	A little boy with an orange bags walks under a tree through the lumber .	A boy walks to school through the wood .
neutral	A small boy with an orange bags walks under a tree through the wood .	A boy walks to school through the woods .
neutral	A little boy with an orange satchel walks under a tree through the wooden .	A boy walks to school through the wood .
neutral	A groups of kids males are running in a grassy field .	The group of minors masculine play a games while on break from work .
neutral	A panels of adolescents mens are running in a grassy field .	The panel of kids man playing a game while on break from work .
neutral	A group of kids masculine are running in a grassy field .	The panels of juvenile masculine playing a game while on break from work .
neutral	A petite baby wearing a blue outfit is grabbing some fruit .	A petite baby is having lunch .
neutral	A little baby wearing a blue outfit is grabbing some fruit .	A petite baby is having lunch .
neutral	A petite baby wearing a blue outfit is grabbing some fruit .	A petite baby is having lunch .
neutral	Dog running with pet toy being chased by another dog .	a negro dog with a toy is being base by a brown dog
neutral	Dog running with pet toy being chased by another dog .	a black dog with a toy is being based by a brown dog
neutral	Dog running with pet toy being chased by another dog .	a negro dog with a toy is being bases by a brown dog
neutral	A female is apply lip makeup to another women who seems to have some green in her hairdo .	The girl has a hot dating tonight
neutral	A woman is applying lip makeup to another women who seems to have some green in her hairdo .	The daughter has a hot dates tonight
neutral	A women is apply lip makeup to another females who seems to have some green in her hairstyle .	The girl has a hot dating tonight
neutral	There is a female in a white tank top and camouflage underclothes with a overwhelming negro belt on a stages holding a mics .	A woman is getting ready to perform a song for the audience .
neutral	There is a female in a white tank top and disguise underpants with a enormous black belt on a stages holding a microphone .	A woman is getting ready to perform a song for the audience .
neutral	There is a women in a white tank top and disguise underpants with a jumbo negro belt on a stages holding a mics .	A female is getting ready to perform a song for the audience .
neutral	Woman wearing an orange scarf holding a notebook .	A women is call her daughters .
neutral	Woman wearing an orange scarf holding a mobile .	A women is calling her girl .
neutral	Woman wearing an orange scarf holding a laptop .	A women is calling her girl .
neutral	A mens wearing an oxford shirt , glasses , and a hat smirks .	A man covert his authentic identity .
neutral	A male wearing an oxford shirt , spectacles , and a hat smirks .	A men secret his authentic identity .
neutral	A male wearing an oxford shirt , goggles , and a hat smirks .	A male hidden his true identity .
neutral	Two girls in bathing suits are in water .	Girls in swim suit attracting the guys through glamour
neutral	Two daughter in bathing suits are in water .	Girls in swim suit attracts the guys through glamour
neutral	Two daughter in bathing suits are in water .	Girls in swimming suit attracts the guys through glamour
neutral	Two girl in bathing suits are in water .	Two daughters are swiming in a pool
neutral	Two girls in bathing suits are in water .	Two daughter are swiming in a pool
neutral	Two girls in bathing suits are in water .	Two daughters are swiming in a pool
neutral	Two girl in bathing suits are in water .	Two girls practice swimming in a pool
neutral	Two girl in bathing suits are in water .	Two daughters practise swim in a pool
neutral	Two daughter in bathing suits are in water .	Two girl practice swim in a pool
neutral	Women are working and excavation in a field .	Women are dig in a field to plant cornfield .
neutral	Women are working and digs in a field .	Women are digs in a field to plants corn .
neutral	Women are working and digs in a field .	Women are digging in a field to plant corn .
neutral	Politician John McCain on a talk show .	John McCain is talking about political .
neutral	Politician John McCain on a talk show .	John McCain is discussions about political .
neutral	Politician John McCain on a talk show .	John McCain is talking roughly politics .
neutral	Two child and a women climb up the stairs on a metal electric pole-like structure .	A women and her youth climbing up the stairs
neutral	Two smaller and a woman climb up the stairs on a metal electric pole-like structure .	A women and her young climbing up the stairs
neutral	Two teen and a women climbing up the stairs on a metals electric pole-like structure .	A woman and her underage climbing up the stairs
neutral	Pedestrians use the crosswalks as traffic awaits their turning to drive through an junction .	Traffic is halted at a red light .
neutral	Pedestrians use the crosswalks as traffic await their turn to drive through an crossroads .	Traffic is stopped at a red light .
neutral	Pedestrians use the crosswalks as traffic await their turning to drives through an junction .	Traffic is stopped at a red light .
neutral	Several people including a teen and a clown are walking towards a snowy sidewalk	Many people walk to the pavement to avoided traffic .
neutral	Several people including a juveniles and a clown are walking toward a snow sidewalk	Many people walk to the sidewalk to avoided traffic .
neutral	Several people including a underage and a clown are walking towards a snow sidewalk	Many people walk to the pavement to avoiding traffic .
neutral	Person in a lengthy red coat walking in front of a building .	A person gets ready to protest near a building .
neutral	Person in a lengthy red coat walking in front of a building .	A individuals gets prepared to protest near a building .
neutral	Person in a long red coat walking in front of a building .	A persons gets ready to demonstrations near a building .
neutral	A minor Asian teenager stands at the top of some steps and does n't seem to notices the person taking their images .	A juvenile 's ma takes a images of her .
neutral	A minor Asian youthful stands at the top of some steps and does n't seem to notices the individuals taking their image .	A teenage 's ma takes a photography of her .
neutral	A youth Asian teenager stands at the top of some steps and does n't seem to notice the individuals taking their photo .	A underage 's mama takes a images of her .
neutral	A juveniles rides a cyclist in a sunny neighborhood .	the teenagers is riding his bicycling to the park
neutral	A kids rides a cyclist in a sunny neighborhood .	the smaller is riding his moped to the park
neutral	A adolescent rides a bikes in a sunny neighborhood .	the child is riding his bicycles to the park
neutral	A females wearing colonial garments is sitting on the grass reading to a smaller girls .	A ma and girl are participating in a historical reinactment .
neutral	A woman wearing colonial clothing is sitting on the grass reading to a underage girls .	A mommy and daughters are participating in a historical reinactment .
neutral	A females wearing colonial clothes is sitting on the grass reading to a teens daughter .	A ma and daughter are participating in a historical reinactment .
neutral	An aging caucasian couple is having their picture taken by a stone statue of a males and woman kissing .	The tourists are having their photographs taken by a famous work of art .
neutral	An senior caucasians couple is having their photograph taken by a stone statue of a male and female kiss .	The tourists are having their pictures taken by a famous work of art .
neutral	An aged caucasians couple is having their photograph taken by a stone statue of a mens and women kissing .	The tourists are having their picture taken by a famous work of art .
neutral	Three performers are on the stages floor in black lace costumes .	The performers are performing in a cabaret .
neutral	Three performers are on the stage floor in black lace costumes .	The performers are performing in a cabaret .
neutral	Three performers are on the stage floor in negro lace costumes .	The performers are performing in a cabaret .
neutral	A little daughters in a gray jacket is riding her bicycling .	A little girls in a gray jacket is doing a wheelie on a ten velocity mountain motorbike .
neutral	A petite daughters in a gray jacket is riding her motorbikes .	A small daughter in a grey jacket is doing a wheelie on a ten speed mountain cyclist .
neutral	A petite daughters in a grey jacket is riding her motorcycle .	A little girls in a grey jacket is doing a wheelie on a ten speeds mountain mopeds .
neutral	Three people are outboard .	Three people enjoying the great outdoors .
neutral	Three people are outdoor .	Three people enjoying the great outdoors .
neutral	Three people are exterior .	Three people enjoying the great outdoors .
neutral	Three people are outer .	Two people standing .
neutral	Three people are outboard .	Two people standing .
neutral	Three people are outer .	Two people standing .
neutral	Uniformed group walks down a street .	A panels of soldiers patrols the street .
neutral	Uniformed panel walks down a street .	A grouping of soldiers patrolling the street .
neutral	Uniformed group walks down a street .	A grouping of soldiers patrol the street .
neutral	Two girls , one with dark hairdo , wearing goggles and red trousers , the other with a blue shirt and jeans with blond-hair conversation and walking down a sidewalk .	Two girl are walking through New York City .
neutral	Two daughters , one with dark hairdo , wearing goggles and red underclothes , the other with a blue shirt and jeans with blond-hair talking and walking down a pavement .	Two daughter are walking through New York City .
neutral	Two girls , one with dark hair , wearing spectacles and red underclothes , the other with a blue shirt and jeans with blond-hair talking and walking down a pavement .	Two daughters are walking through New York City .
neutral	A men in a black hat openings his mouth .	The governor poised to deliver the speech that would deliver the polling .
neutral	A male in a negro hat opens his mouth .	The governor readies to deliver the speech that would deliver the votes .
neutral	A males in a negro hat opened his mouth .	The governor poised to deliver the speech that would deliver the vote .
neutral	A females in a pink top is holding a glass bottle in one hand and a Stitch doll in the other .	The glass bottle is big
neutral	A women in a pink top is holding a glass bottle in one hand and a Stitch doll in the other .	The glass bottle is big
neutral	A female in a pink top is holding a glass bottle in one hand and a Stitch doll in the other .	The glass bottle is big
neutral	A male jumps off a cliff with a town view below .	Man parachutes off a cliff with a scenic view .
neutral	A men jumps off a cliff with a town view below .	Man parachutes off a cliff with a scenic view .
neutral	A males jumps off a cliff with a town view below .	Man parachutes off a cliff with a scenic view .
neutral	A smaller females cooking a meal in a wok while conversing with another female , as an lit shrine to Mr. T looks on .	A young chef teaches her sister how to prepare a recipe .
neutral	A smaller women cooks a meal in a wok while conversing with another women , as an lit shrine to Mr. T looks on .	A adolescence chef teaches her sister how to prepare a recipe .
neutral	A youths women cook a meal in a wok while conversing with another women , as an lit shrine to Mr. T looks on .	A minors chef teaches her sister how to prepare a recipe .
neutral	The male wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .	The man is making hot dogs and hamburgers .
neutral	The masculine wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .	The males is making hot dogs and hamburgers .
neutral	The man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling .	The masculine is making hot dogs and hamburgers .
neutral	Two masculine entering a brick home during the snow .	The males are contractors
neutral	Two male entering a brick home during the snow .	The men are contractors
neutral	Two men entering a brick home during the snowy .	The mens are contractors
neutral	A female , wearing a colorful bikini , rests laying down next to the blue water .	The female is a super model .
neutral	A woman , wearing a colorful bikini , rests laying down next to the blue water .	The woman is a super model .
neutral	A females , wearing a colorful bikini , rests laying down next to the blue water .	The woman is a super model .
neutral	A males with goggles is poking at a trees with a poles .	A tall human poking
neutral	A men with glasses is poking at a trees with a poles .	A tall humanity poking
neutral	A male with eyeglasses is poking at a trees with a pole .	A tall mankind poking
neutral	Two construction workers perched on an I beam , assemble a building frame .	The two men are brothers .
neutral	Two construction workers perched on an I beam , assemble a building frame .	The two mens are fraternal .
neutral	Two construction workers perched on an I beam , assembling a building frame .	The two males are fraternal .
neutral	Two girl holding pockets walking down the sidewalk .	Two females are enjoying an afternoon of shopping .
neutral	Two daughter holding bags walking down the sidewalk .	Two females are enjoying an afternoon of shopping .
neutral	Two girl holding handbag walking down the pavement .	Two women are enjoying an afternoon of shopping .
neutral	The minors daughters is airborne as she falls into the lake .	A girls is falling off a pier , into a lake .
neutral	The youngsters girls is airborne as she falls into the lake .	A daughter is falling off a pier , into a lake .
neutral	The teenaged girls is airborne as she falls into the lake .	A daughters is falling off a pier , into a lake .
neutral	Two females sitting at a tables with their hands together .	Two females are praying at a table avant they eat their lunch .
neutral	Two woman sitting at a tables with their hands together .	Two woman are pray at a tables prior they eat their lunch .
neutral	Two woman sitting at a tables with their hands together .	Two women are praying at a tables avant they eat their lunch .
neutral	Two women sitting at a table with their hands together .	Two sisters are hugging after not seeing each other in ages .
neutral	Two females sitting at a tables with their hands together .	Two sisters are hugging after not seeing each other in ages .
neutral	Two women sitting at a table with their hands together .	Two sisters are hugging after not seeing each other in ages .
neutral	Hikers walk along some tough terrain .	Hikers make their manner along arduous terrain to get to the scene of the fall .
neutral	Hikers walk along some hard terrain .	Hikers make their way along tough terrain to get to the scene of the fall .
neutral	Hikers walk along some strenuous terrain .	Hikers make their way along hard terrain to get to the scene of the fall .
neutral	A persons dressed in a garb with flowering and a upholstered bee attach to it , is pushing a baby stroller down the street .	An elderly dame pushing a stroller down a busy street .
neutral	A persons dressed in a dress with flowering and a stuffed bee attached to it , is pushing a baby stroller down the street .	An elderly dame pushing a stroller down a busy street .
neutral	A individuals dressed in a frock with flower and a stuffed bee attached to it , is pushing a baby stroller down the street .	An outdated dame pushing a stroller down a busy street .
neutral	A brown dog jumps over an barriers .	The dog is a chihuahua .
neutral	A brown dog jumps over an obstacle .	The dog is a chihuahua .
neutral	A brown dog jumps over an obstacles .	The dog is a chihuahua .
neutral	People are sitting in a cheery Mexican restaurant .	People are listening to mariachi music
neutral	People are sitting in a cheery Mexican restaurant .	People are listening to mariachi music
neutral	People are sitting in a cheery Mexican restaurant .	People are listening to mariachi music
neutral	An obese white men wearing a blue shirt and khaki shorts sits in front of fountain all while gabbing on telephone .	A man is discussions to his girlfriend on the telephone .
neutral	An obese white men wearing a blue shirt and khaki shorts sits in front of fountain all while gabbing on phone .	A men is discussions to his girlfriend on the phones .
neutral	An obese white male wearing a blue shirt and khaki shorts sits in front of fountain all while gabbing on phone .	A men is talking to his girlfriend on the phone .
neutral	An outdated males is kneeling and conversations to a panel of younger youth , all in soccer uniformed .	a coaches teaches his kids
neutral	An older male is kneeling and conversations to a grouping of cadet juveniles , all in soccer uniforms .	a coach teaches his kids
neutral	An antiquated mens is kneeling and conversations to a panel of cadet minors , all in soccer uniforms .	a coach teaches his kids
neutral	A woman in a spaghetti strap tank wearing a flower in her hair is staring towards the right .	The women is quest at a dog .
neutral	A women in a spaghetti strap tank wearing a flowering in her hair is staring toward the right .	The females is quest at a dog .
neutral	A female in a spaghetti strap tank wearing a flower in her hairdo is staring towards the rights .	The women is searching at a dog .
neutral	A rugby player swings his leg back to punt the ball .	The rugby player is tall .
neutral	A rugby player swings his leg back to punt the ball .	The rugby player is tall .
neutral	A rugby player swings his leg back to punt the ball .	The rugby player is tall .
neutral	A women in a striped shirt is walking a horse across a street .	An elder women in a red and blue striped shirt is walking a enormous black equestrian across a street .
neutral	A woman in a striped shirt is walking a horse across a street .	An archaic women in a red and blue striped shirt is walking a jumbo negro horse across a street .
neutral	A females in a striped shirt is walking a horse across a street .	An antiquated females in a red and blue striped shirt is walking a large black horse across a street .
neutral	A daughter in a black skirt and blue dress is watering flowering .	The girl is watering pansies and daisies .
neutral	A girl in a negro skirt and blue frock is watering flower .	The daughter is watering pansies and daisies .
neutral	A daughter in a black skirt and blue frock is watering flowering .	The girl is watering pansies and daisies .
neutral	The little boy is smiling as he crosses a rope on an assault course .	Some people have gone to the timber for training .
neutral	The small boy is smiling as he crosses a rope on an assault course .	Some people have gone to the wood for training .
neutral	The petite boy is smiling as he crosses a rope on an assault course .	Some people have gone to the lumber for training .
neutral	People wearing sombreros drink shots happily .	People enjoying the celebrations in Cancun .
neutral	People wearing sombreros drink shots happily .	People enjoying the festivities in Cancun .
neutral	People wearing sombreros drink shots happily .	People enjoying the celebrations in Cancun .
neutral	A female with a blue shirt and colorful hair has just thrown the snooker ball .	A female is in a bowling alleyway .
neutral	A woman with a blue shirt and colorful hair has just thrown the snooker ball .	A female is in a bowling alleyway .
neutral	A woman with a blue shirt and colorful hairdo has just thrown the snooker ball .	A women is in a snooker alleyway .
neutral	Two men , wearing identical shirts look into a classic cars hood .	Two people are working on their vehicles .
neutral	Two mens , wearing identical shirts look into a classic vehicle hood .	Two people are working on their autos .
neutral	Two man , wearing identical shirts look into a classic vehicle hood .	Two people are working on their vehicular .
neutral	A brown dog carries an object in its mouth on a snowy hillside .	A dog is taking something to its homeowner .
neutral	A brown dog carries an object in its mouth on a snowy hillside .	A dog is taking something to its landlord .
neutral	A brown dog carries an object in its mouth on a snowy hillside .	A dog is taking something to its holder .
neutral	A women sits on a rugs next to a shirtless boy who is quest in the direction of a checkers board that includes differing pieces .	A female and her son playing the third of a best of three checkers tournament .
neutral	A woman sits on a rug next to a shirtless boy who is looking in the direction of a checkers board that includes several pieces .	A woman and her son playing the thirds of a best of three checkers tournament .
neutral	A females sits on a carpeting next to a shirtless boy who is looking in the direction of a checkers board that consists several pieces .	A woman and her sons play the third of a best of three checkers tournament .
neutral	A women in a purple jacket walks by two senior man outer a cafe .	Two elders mens cat call at a woman .
neutral	A women in a purple jacket walks by two antique masculine outside a cafe .	Two senior men cat calling at a women .
neutral	A females in a purple jacket walks by two old male outdoor a cafe .	Two antique mens cat calling at a female .
neutral	A woman in a blue jacket drag a child on a sled through the snowy .	A mummy and her teenager are playing in the snowy .
neutral	A women in a blue jacket drag a youths on a sled through the snow .	A mummy and her juveniles are playing in the snow .
neutral	A women in a blue jacket drag a teens on a sled through the snow .	A moms and her adolescents are playing in the snow .
neutral	A guy with piercings , tattoos and a mohawk is searches at the camera while lounging in a chair .	A man model with a mohawk , tattoos , and piercings strikes a lazy pose in a lounge chairs for the camera .
neutral	A guy with piercings , tattoos and a mohawk is looking at the camera while lounging in a chair .	A males model with a mohawk , tattoos , and piercings strikes a lazy pose in a lounge chair for the camera .
neutral	A guy with piercings , tattoos and a mohawk is searching at the camera while lounging in a chairs .	A men model with a mohawk , tattoos , and piercings strikes a lazy pose in a lounge chair for the camera .
neutral	Two masculine pouring concrete onto another truck .	They are friends
neutral	Two men pouring concrete onto another truck .	They are friends
neutral	Two masculine pouring concrete onto another truck .	They are friends
neutral	batter hits a baseball	A man at home plate hits a baseball with the bat .
neutral	batter hits a baseball	A male at home plate hits a baseball with the bat .
neutral	batter hits a baseball	A man at home plate hits a baseball with the bat .
neutral	batter hits a baseball	A man in a baseball game hits a foul ball .
neutral	batter hits a baseball	A men in a baseball games hits a foul ball .
neutral	batter hits a baseball	A males in a baseball games hits a foul ball .
neutral	A youth boy is taking American flags to placing them where they volition reminds others of the sacrifices made by veterans .	A adolescent boy is being forced to reminded others of veterans .
neutral	A miners boy is taking American flags to place them where they will reminding others of the sacrifices made by veterans .	A miner boy is being forced to remind others of veterans .
neutral	A youthful boy is taking American flags to place them where they will reminds others of the sacrifices made by veterans .	A teenage boy is being forced to reminding others of veterans .
neutral	A woman acrobat with lengthy , blond curly hairdo , dangling upside down while suspending herself from long , red ribbons of fabric .	A circus is going on .
neutral	A women acrobat with long , blond curly hairstyle , dangling upside down while suspending herself from long , red ribbons of fabric .	A circus is going on .
neutral	A female acrobat with long , blond curly hair , dangling upside down while suspending herself from long , red ribbons of fabric .	A circus is going on .
neutral	A musical groups performs on stages with their instruments .	The jazz bands performs .
neutral	A musical panel performs on stage with their instruments .	The jazz band performs .
neutral	A musical panel performs on stage with their instruments .	The jazz band performs .
neutral	two samoyads play in the snowy .	It is snowy exterior .
neutral	two samoyads play in the snowy .	It is snow exterior .
neutral	two samoyads playing in the snowy .	It is snowy exterior .
neutral	two samoyads playing in the snowy .	The Samoyads are wrestling .
neutral	two samoyads playing in the snow .	The Samoyads are wrestling .
neutral	two samoyads playing in the snow .	The Samoyads are wrestling .
neutral	A juvenile face-painted boy is sucking his thumb .	The boy lost his pacifier .
neutral	A smaller face-painted boy is sucking his thumb .	The boy lost his pacifier .
neutral	A miner face-painted boy is sucking his thumb .	The boy lost his pacifier .
neutral	A juveniles boy wearing an orange jacket is sitting on a records in the fall .	A boy is thinking outer .
neutral	A adolescent boy wearing an orange jacket is sitting on a logging in the fall .	A boy is thinking outside .
neutral	A child boy wearing an orange jacket is sitting on a record in the fall .	A boy is thinking outside .
neutral	Two smiling young daughters wearing plastic glasses are lurks on the grass .	The two girl are sisters .
neutral	Two smiling teenage girls wearing plastic eyeglasses are lying on the grass .	The two girls are sisters .
neutral	Two smiling miners daughters wearing plastic sunglasses are lurks on the grass .	The two daughter are sisters .
neutral	Children are playing in the street with a toy .	The youthful have a ball .
neutral	Children are playing in the street with a toy .	The juveniles have a ball .
neutral	Children are play in the street with a toy .	The teenager have a ball .
neutral	Children are play in the street with a toy .	The miners are near some car .
neutral	Children are play in the street with a toy .	The miner are near some motor .
neutral	Children are playing in the street with a toy .	The juveniles are near some automobile .
neutral	Man in traditional costume holding small guitar with a silver bicycling behind him .	A men is roughly to perform a song .
neutral	Man in classical costume holding petite guitar with a silver motorcycle behind him .	A male is approximately to perform a song .
neutral	Man in classical costume holding small guitar with a silver bicycles behind him .	A male is roughly to perform a song .
neutral	A little boy is sitting on a giraffe bouncy while learn .	The boy is 2 years archaic .
neutral	A little boy is sitting on a giraffe bouncy while learn .	The boy is 2 olds outdated .
neutral	A petite boy is sitting on a giraffe bouncy while learning .	The boy is 2 olds seniors .
neutral	A person is surfer a big wave .	A individuals is surfer a large hundred foot wave .
neutral	A individuals is surfer a monumental wave .	A person is surfer a heavy hundred footing wave .
neutral	A persons is surfing a huge wave .	A individuals is surfing a heavy hundred feet wave .
neutral	A boy in a green shirt surrounded by toys and another boy , wearing a blue shirt with penguins , to his left	The two boys are having a playdate organizing by their mummy .
neutral	A boy in a green shirt surrounded by toys and another boy , wearing a blue shirt with penguins , to his left	The two boys are having a playdate arrange by their mummy .
neutral	A boy in a green shirt surrounded by toys and another boy , wearing a blue shirt with penguins , to his left	The two boys are having a playdate arrange by their mam .
neutral	A mens baseball player for the baseball team The Indians prepares to catch a ball .	That player has never missed a catch .
neutral	A males baseball player for the baseball team The Indians prepares to catch a ball .	That player has never missed a catch .
neutral	A male baseball player for the baseball team The Indians prepares to catch a ball .	That player has never missed a catch .
neutral	Two men in neon yellow shirts busily sawing a registers in half .	Two male are cutting wood to build a table .
neutral	Two man in neon yellow shirts busily sawing a record in half .	Two male are cutting wooden to build a table .
neutral	Two man in neon yellow shirts busily sawing a recording in half .	Two mens are cut woods to build a tables .
neutral	A military using binoculars in a desert .	A military using binoculars quest for the enemy in a deserts .
neutral	A solider using binoculars in a deserts .	A military using binoculars searching for the foe in a deserts .
neutral	A military using binoculars in a deserts .	A solider using binoculars searches for the foe in a deserts .
neutral	A woman and two smaller walk along stones to cross a river while a dog swims .	A dog is roughly to be attacked by a crocodile .
neutral	A females and two teen walk along stones to crossing a river while a dog swims .	A dog is roughly to be attacked by a gator .
neutral	A females and two minor walk along stones to crossed a river while a dog swims .	A dog is roughly to be attacked by a alligator .
neutral	A singer wearing a leather jacket performs on stage with dramatic lights behind him .	a singer is on american idol
neutral	A singer wearing a leather jacket performs on stage with dramatic illumination behind him .	a singer is on american idol
neutral	A singer wearing a leather jacket performs on stages with dramatic illumination behind him .	a singer is on america idol
neutral	A busy street with building lined up and people walking down the street outer and nighttime .	Tall people lined up
neutral	A busy street with building lined up and people walking down the street outside and nighttime .	Tall people lined up
neutral	A busy street with building lined up and people walking down the street outdoor and overnight .	Tall people lined up
neutral	A men cycle on pathway and enjoying .	A male is enjoying his favorite path .
neutral	A males bikes on route and enjoying .	A males is enjoying his favorite route .
neutral	A mens motorbike on paths and enjoying .	A men is enjoying his favorite road .
neutral	A man wearing a blue shirt , negro apron , sunglasses , and a mask is handling food in a tray .	A personal chef prepares a meal for his celebrity clients and her dinner guests .
neutral	A mens wearing a blue shirt , negro apron , sunglasses , and a mask is handling food in a tray .	A personal chef prepares a meal for his celebrity customers and her dinner guests .
neutral	A males wearing a blue shirt , negro apron , sunglasses , and a mask is handling food in a tray .	A personal chef prepares a meal for his celebrity client and her dinner guests .
neutral	A man wearing a blue shirt , black apron , sunglasses , and a mask is handling food in a tray .	A youthful male with earrings and a mohawk , prepares hamburgers at a swiftly food restaurant .
neutral	A males wearing a blue shirt , negro apron , spectacles , and a mask is handling food in a tray .	A kids males with earrings and a mohawk , prepares hamburgers at a quickly food restaurant .
neutral	A mens wearing a blue shirt , black apron , sunglasses , and a mask is handling food in a tray .	A teenagers mens with earrings and a mohawk , prepares hamburgers at a promptly food restaurant .
neutral	A dog biting a men 's rear	An animal bit its holder .
neutral	A dog biting a masculine 's rear	An animal bit its landlord .
neutral	A dog biting a male 's rear	An zoo bit its owners .
neutral	A males wearing a brightly green disguise patterned denim jacket and boots walks by a building label Lottery Ticket Centre .	A masculine just bought some jackpot ticket .
neutral	A men wearing a brightly green conceal patterned denim jacket and boots walks by a building tagging Lottery Ticket Centre .	A masculine just acquired some lottery ticket .
neutral	A males wearing a brightly green camouflage patterned denim jacket and boots walks by a building labeled Lottery Ticket Centre .	A mens just bought some lottery ticket .
neutral	A couple walks hand-in-hand in front of Victorian-style building and a wall with a mammoth slumber baby paints on it .	A couple walks in front of a three tales building .
neutral	A couple walks hand-in-hand in front of Victorian-style building and a wall with a monumental sleep baby painting on it .	A couple walks in front of a three tale building .
neutral	A couple walks hand-in-hand in front of Victorian-style building and a wall with a mammoth sleep baby painting on it .	A couple walks in front of a three story building .
neutral	A man in shorts and flip-flops is carrying a knapsack on his back .	A man is hiking outdoor with a satchel on his back .
neutral	A males in shorts and flip-flops is carry a pockets on his back .	A male is hiking outside with a knapsack on his back .
neutral	A man in shorts and flip-flops is carry a knapsack on his back .	A man is hiking outer with a handbag on his back .
neutral	Two boys in a rowboat in front of a largest study with a storm coming in .	Boys trying to escape an inbound storm
neutral	Two boys in a canoe in front of a greatest exploring with a storm coming in .	Boys trying to escape an inbound storm
neutral	Two boys in a canoeing in front of a greatest investigate with a storm coming in .	Boys trying to escape an incoming storm
neutral	A swan landing in a lake .	A poultry is quest for food on a lake .
neutral	A swan landing in a lake .	A fowl is searches for food on a lake .
neutral	A swan landing in a lake .	A fowl is search for food on a lake .
neutral	The woman in the white coat is holding a camera in her hand .	The woman is trying to get a images of her friend .
neutral	The women in the white coat is holding a camera in her hand .	The female is trying to get a photographic of her friend .
neutral	The women in the white coat is holding a camera in her hand .	The women is trying to get a image of her friend .
neutral	In a snowy residential environment , a men with a brown jacket and grey mustache and beard places a hand on a felled registering while another male in a blue shirt is fuzzy on the rights side of the photography .	The logging is for firewood .
neutral	In a snow residential environment , a man with a brown jacket and gray mustache and beard places a hand on a felled log while another mens in a blue shirt is blurry on the rights side of the photographer .	The inscription is for firewood .
neutral	In a snow residential environment , a masculine with a brown jacket and gray mustache and beard places a hand on a felled register while another mens in a blue shirt is foggy on the rights side of the images .	The tape is for firewood .
neutral	Two strong males work to saw a registering .	two strong man work to saw the oak log
neutral	Two strong masculine work to saw a registers .	two strong men work to saw the oak log
neutral	Two strong men work to saw a record .	two strong mens work to saw the oak log
neutral	A group of schoolboys are walking through the campus .	There is a school tour going on
neutral	A panels of pupils are walking through the campus .	There is a school tour going on
neutral	A grouping of pupils are walking through the campus .	There is a school tour going on
neutral	A man in a red delivery truck is discussions to someone is a black coat .	A sad males in a red delivery truck is discussions to someone is a negro coat .
neutral	A masculine in a red delivery truck is conversation to someone is a black coat .	A sad masculine in a red delivery truck is conversations to someone is a black coat .
neutral	A mens in a red delivery truck is conversations to someone is a negro coat .	A sad man in a red delivery truck is conversations to someone is a negro coat .
neutral	A boy lies on a hospital bed with his leg hanging over the side .	a kid broke his leg
neutral	A boy lurks on a hospital bed with his leg hanging over the side .	a teens broke his leg
neutral	A boy lurks on a hospital bed with his leg hanging over the side .	a miner broke his leg
neutral	A black men wearing a red belt and a white masculine wearing a blue belt are pictured in the act of practicing martial arts indoor a building with a female quest on in the background .	The man are novices at martial arts .
neutral	A negro male wearing a red belt and a white males wearing a blue belt are pictured in the act of practice martial arts inner a building with a woman looking on in the background .	The male are novices at martial arts .
neutral	A negro males wearing a red belt and a white males wearing a blue belt are pictured in the act of practice martial arts interior a building with a female looking on in the background .	The male are novices at martial arts .
neutral	Two people are participating in the athlete fences .	Two people compete in a fencing tournament
neutral	Two people are participating in the sport fences .	Two people competing in a fence tournament
neutral	Two people are participating in the athletics fences .	Two people competing in a fences tournament
neutral	A boy on a skateboard in midair	The boy is doing a trick .
neutral	A boy on a skateboarding in midair	The boy is doing a trick .
neutral	A boy on a skateboard in midair	The boy is doing a ploy .
neutral	A male motorbike down a tunnel .	A mens is won a motorbike racing .
neutral	A males motorcycles down a tunnels .	A mens is winning a bikes racing .
neutral	A masculine biking down a tunnels .	A masculine is winning a motorcycles race .
neutral	A male and a female jumping with a lake in the background .	They have been swimming .
neutral	A man and a woman jumping with a lake in the background .	They have been swimming .
neutral	A males and a woman jumping with a lake in the background .	They have been swim .
neutral	Three underage are shooting gunpoint in the timber .	Three minors are shooting a deer .
neutral	Three youth are shooting firearms in the wooden .	Three child are shooting a deer .
neutral	Three youths are shooting shotgun in the woods .	Three juveniles are shooting a deer .
neutral	People are hiking up a mountain with no greenery .	The climbers have backpacks .
neutral	People are hiking up a mountain with no greenery .	The climbers have backpacks .
neutral	People are hiking up a mountain with no greenery .	The climbers have backpacks .
neutral	An individual is crouched down on top of rocks underneath a blue sky .	a woman is taking a photo outdoors
neutral	An individual is crouched down on top of rocks underneath a blue sky .	a female is taking a pictures outdoors
neutral	An individual is crouched down on top of rocks underneath a blue skies .	a women is taking a photograph outdoors
neutral	A female and two males , that are clothed professionally , are having a discussion .	A woman and two masculine are having a discussion approximately liberty .
neutral	A women and two man , that are clothed professionally , are having a discussion .	A women and two mens are having a discussion roughly liberty .
neutral	A women and two male , that are dressed professionally , are having a discussion .	A female and two males are having a discussion about freedom .
neutral	A female and two men , that are clothed professionally , are having a discussion .	A female and two male are negotiating a threesome .
neutral	A female and two man , that are dressed professionally , are having a discussion .	A female and two male are negotiates a threesome .
neutral	A women and two masculine , that are dressed professionally , are having a discussion .	A female and two man are negotiations a threesome .
neutral	A masculine in khakis sitting at a tables with a sign that reads `` poet for hiring . ''	The guy is quest for a job .
neutral	A males in khakis sitting at a tables with a sign that reads `` poet for hire . ''	The guy is quest for a job .
neutral	A man in khakis sitting at a tables with a sign that reads `` poet for hire . ''	The guy is searches for a job .
neutral	Two ladies at workout in mam nature .	The ladies are kickboxing .
neutral	Two ladies at workout in moms nature .	The ladies are kickboxing .
neutral	Two ladies at workout in mom nature .	The ladies are kickboxing .
neutral	People with knapsack walk along a dirt path in front of a green building .	Homeless people are walking exterior .
neutral	People with satchel walk along a filth path in front of a green building .	Homeless people are walking exterior .
neutral	People with pockets walk along a filth road in front of a green building .	Homeless people are walking outside .
neutral	A balding , heavyset male and a dog are rest beside an ornate memorial featuring a greenish statue of a man and a women .	The man is visiting Gettysburg National Cemetary in Gettysburg PA with his family .
neutral	A balding , heavyset men and a dog are rest beside an ornate memorial featuring a greenish statue of a men and a females .	The man is visiting Gettysburg National Cemetary in Gettysburg PA with his family .
neutral	A balding , heavyset males and a dog are resting beside an ornate memorial featuring a greenish statue of a masculine and a female .	The male is visiting Gettysburg National Cemetary in Gettysburg PA with his families .
neutral	A masculine in a red shirt is walking towards a blue market stall .	The man wants to purchase some produce .
neutral	A males in a red shirt is walking toward a blue marketplace stall .	The mens wants to purchases some produce .
neutral	A male in a red shirt is walking toward a blue marketplace stall .	The men wants to purchase some produce .
neutral	Indy vehicular , white , blue with a red mark on the roof , rounding a turn , in front of the white autos .	A drivers passing his opponent on the last lap
neutral	Indy motors , white , blue with a red mark on the roof , rounding a turning , in front of the white vehicle .	A driver passing his opponent on the last lap
neutral	Indy autos , white , blue with a red mark on the roof , rounding a turn , in front of the white car .	A driver passing his opponent on the last lap
neutral	A dog jumping for a Frisbee in the snowy .	A pet is enjoying a game of fetch with his holders .
neutral	A dog jumping for a Frisbee in the snow .	A pet is enjoying a games of fetch with his homeowner .
neutral	A dog jumping for a Frisbee in the snowy .	A pet is enjoying a game of fetch with his holder .
neutral	A young boy sits on the shoulders of a women , who is carrying a child girl .	A family is at the mall
neutral	A juvenile boy sits on the shoulders of a females , who is carrying a smaller girls .	A families is at the mall
neutral	A youths boy sits on the shoulders of a female , who is carry a smaller daughter .	A family is at the mall
neutral	A youths blond youthful wearing a negro shirt and white shorts looks at the sky with a bridges and water in the background .	A miners looks at birds in the skies exterior of of a bridge .
neutral	A miners blond kid wearing a negro shirt and white shorts looks at the skies with a bridge and water in the background .	A teenaged looks at birds in the skies outdoor of of a bridges .
neutral	A teenager blond teen wearing a black shirt and white shorts looks at the sky with a bridges and water in the background .	A teenage looks at birds in the skies outdoor of of a bridge .
neutral	She is cooking food while wearing a dress .	A females in a dress prepares a steak .
neutral	She is cooking food while wearing a frock .	A woman in a dress prepares a steak .
neutral	She is cook food while wearing a attire .	A woman in a frock prepares a steak .
neutral	Four dogs of differing breeds running through a field .	Some dogs playing in grass .
neutral	Four dogs of multiple breeds running through a field .	Some dogs playing in grass .
neutral	Four dogs of various breeds running through a field .	Some dogs playing in grass .
neutral	A choir practising in a church .	A choir is preparing to singing for a wedding .
neutral	A choir practicing in a church .	A choir is preparing to sings for a marrying .
neutral	A choir practice in a church .	A choir is preparing to sings for a weddings .
neutral	Two masculine wearing negro smile while a seated woman behind them looks tired .	The women had a lengthy day .
neutral	Two men wearing black smile while a seated women behind them looks fatigued .	The female had a long day .
neutral	Two man wearing negro smile while a seated females behind them looks fatigued .	The women had a lengthy day .
neutral	A teenager boy in a red shirt is wearing a helmet while sitting on a motorbike .	A kid boy wears a helmet and bike boots .
neutral	A youngsters boy in a red shirt is wearing a helmet while sitting on a motorcycles .	A child boy wears a helmet and cycling boots .
neutral	A teenage boy in a red shirt is wearing a helmet while sitting on a mopeds .	A miners boy wears a helmet and motorcycle boots .
neutral	Two youngsters playing in the snowy by the side of the pathway .	Kids are building a snowy man .
neutral	Two youngsters playing in the snowy by the side of the paths .	Kids are building a snowy males .
neutral	Two young play in the snow by the side of the pathway .	Kids are building a snow men .
neutral	Two miners playing in the snowy by the side of the routes .	Kids are enjoying the cold weather .
neutral	Two teenaged play in the snow by the side of the route .	Kids are enjoying the icy weather .
neutral	Two teenager play in the snow by the side of the route .	Kids are enjoying the cold weather .
neutral	A man in a yellow shirt and helmet mountain bicycles down a dusty routes .	A mens with earphones is bike .
neutral	A males in a yellow shirt and helmet mountain motorcycles down a dusty paths .	A men with handset is cyclist .
neutral	A men in a yellow shirt and helmet mountain bicycles down a dusty routing .	A masculine with headphones is bicycling .
neutral	A mens is throwing something into the pathway .	A masculine throws salt on a snow pathway .
neutral	A men is throwing something into the route .	A mens throws salt on a snowy pathway .
neutral	A male is throwing something into the route .	A males throws salt on a snow routing .
neutral	A minor playing a games called The Derby .	The adolescence is play a game for fun .
neutral	A minor playing a game called The Derby .	The smaller is playing a game for fun .
neutral	A minors playing a game called The Derby .	The juvenile is playing a games for fun .
neutral	Young adolescents playing on scaffolding .	Happy adolescents playing on scaffolding .
neutral	Young miner playing on scaffolding .	Happy youth playing on scaffolding .
neutral	Young adolescent playing on scaffolding .	Happy underage play on scaffolding .
neutral	A black female is sitting on the beach explores an octopus .	The female has been fishing in the ocean
neutral	A negro female is sitting on the beach study an octopus .	The women has been fishing in the ocean
neutral	A black females is sitting on the beach browsing an octopus .	The women has been fishing in the ocean
neutral	Two adolescence boys wearing shorts and sandals throw pebbles from a dirt routes into a body of water .	The bodies of water is a lake .
neutral	Two minor boys wearing shorts and sandals throw pebbles from a dirt route into a bodies of water .	The organ of water is a lake .
neutral	Two smaller boys wearing shorts and sandals throw pebbles from a filth road into a agency of water .	The bodies of water is a lake .
neutral	Two male working on the roof of an apartment building with a nice searching skyline behind them .	Two males joyously working on the roof of an apartment building
neutral	Two men working on the roof of an apartment building with a nice search skyline behind them .	Two men joyously working on the roof of an apartment building
neutral	Two man working on the roof of an apartment building with a nice looking skyline behind them .	Two masculine joyously working on the roof of an apartment building
neutral	A men trying his hardest to climb up a rope .	The man climb a rope to get to the top .
neutral	A mens trying his hardest to climb up a rope .	The mens climbing a rope to get to the top .
neutral	A man trying his hardest to climb up a rope .	The males climbing a rope to get to the top .
neutral	A women wearing a red hat and red bandanna followed by a mens in a red bandanna .	The woman is a dirty hippie .
neutral	A women wearing a red hat and red bandanna followed by a males in a red bandanna .	The women is a dirty hippie .
neutral	A woman wearing a red hat and red bandanna followed by a male in a red bandanna .	The females is a dirty hippie .
neutral	A youths daughters wearing a vegetation shirt is sitting in restrooms in brown water with the remnants of a snake .	A girl is sitting in dirty water with a snake 's skin in her hands
neutral	A youths daughters wearing a flora shirt is sitting in bathtub in brown water with the remnants of a snake .	A girls is sitting in dirty water with a snake 's skin in her hands
neutral	A teenager daughter wearing a vegetation shirt is sitting in toilet in brown water with the remnants of a snake .	A girls is sitting in dirty water with a snake 's skin in her hands
neutral	a green and white trolley automobile with an announcement of coffee on the side and front of it in a city .	A trolley taking people to work and school .
neutral	a green and white trolley vehicle with an ad of coffee on the side and front of it in a city .	A trolley taking people to work and school .
neutral	a green and white trolley automobile with an propaganda of coffee on the side and front of it in a city .	A trolley taking people to work and school .
neutral	A smaller females with a negro hat and red and negro jacket , swings on a red-orange ball attach to a blue rope .	The photos is taking place in a gym .
neutral	A teens woman with a black hat and red and negro jacket , swings on a red-orange ball attached to a blue rope .	The pictures is taking placing in a gym .
neutral	A juveniles female with a negro hat and red and negro jacket , swings on a red-orange ball attach to a blue rope .	The images is taking place in a gym .
neutral	A masculine is riding a moped along a filth trail .	The man is riding a filth motorbikes .
neutral	A males is riding a biking along a filth trail .	The mens is riding a filth motorcycles .
neutral	A men is riding a bike along a dirt trail .	The masculine is riding a filth motorcycle .
neutral	A daughters in a yellow attire looks at a restaurant building .	A girl debating eating at a certain restaurant .
neutral	A daughters in a yellow garb looks at a restaurant building .	A daughter debates eating at a certain restaurant .
neutral	A daughter in a yellow dress looks at a restaurant building .	A girl debating eating at a certain restaurant .
neutral	Four people walking beside each other down a street , one of the males is turned around search towards the camera .	A panel of friends are headed to Wendys
neutral	Four people walking beside each other down a street , one of the male is turned around looking towards the camera .	A panel of friends are headed to Wendys
neutral	Four people walking beside each other down a street , one of the males is turned around searches towards the camera .	A panels of friends are headed to Wendys
neutral	A mens is squatting on the ground .	A males is quest for something he dropped .
neutral	A men is squatting on the ground .	A male is search for something he dropped .
neutral	A men is squatting on the ground .	A males is search for something he dropped .
neutral	A groups of people in an alleyway quest at the camera .	People are hanging out together
neutral	A panel of people in an alley quest at the camera .	People are hanging out together
neutral	A groups of people in an alley looking at the camera .	People are hanging out together
neutral	A panel of people gather around a truck .	A grouping of people gather near the monster truck .
neutral	A panel of people gather around a truck .	A group of people gather near the monster truck .
neutral	A grouping of people gather around a truck .	A panel of people gather near the monster truck .
neutral	A women is cut into a sandwich while sitting at an outboard tables .	The lady on the tables is cutting here sandwich is on her cellphone
neutral	A female is cutting into a sandwich while sitting at an exterior tables .	The dame on the tables is chop here sandwich is on her cellphone
neutral	A females is cutting into a sandwich while sitting at an outdoor tables .	The lady on the tables is cut here sandwich is on her cellphone
neutral	A woman with a nautical jumper is looking through a blue telescopes at a statue of a dinosaur .	The female is in an outboard park
neutral	A females with a maritime sweater is looking through a blue telescope at a statue of a dinosaur .	The females is in an outboard park
neutral	A woman with a marine jumper is searching through a blue telescope at a statue of a dinosaur .	The female is in an outdoor park
neutral	Stretching high in the airline , the player in the negro shirt reaches for the football as the other stretches towards him to stealing it away .	A football game is being played .
neutral	Stretching high in the aircraft , the player in the black shirt reaches for the football as the other stretches towards him to stolen it away .	A football games is being played .
neutral	Stretching high in the aircraft , the player in the negro shirt reaches for the football as the other stretches toward him to steal it away .	A football games is being played .
neutral	A groups of people in an alley searching at the camera .	People are taking a picture
neutral	A grouping of people in an alleyway searching at the camera .	People are taking a picture
neutral	A panels of people in an alley searches at the camera .	People are taking a picture
neutral	Stretching high in the airplanes , the player in the black shirt reaches for the football as the other stretches toward him to steal it away .	A extensive reciever is trying to make a catch .
neutral	Stretching high in the airliner , the player in the negro shirt reaches for the football as the other stretches toward him to theft it away .	A wide reciever is trying to make a catch .
neutral	Stretching high in the airplanes , the player in the black shirt reaches for the football as the other stretches toward him to stealing it away .	A wide reciever is trying to make a catch .
neutral	Two male outboard of a restaurant .	Two masculine are sitting on the restaurant patio .
neutral	Two masculine outer of a restaurant .	Two masculine are sitting on the restaurant patio .
neutral	Two man outer of a restaurant .	Two man are sitting on the restaurant patio .
neutral	Army mens grilling a batch of meat while his troops looks on .	The male here volition eat a batch of food soon .
neutral	Army male grilling a lot of meat while his troops looks on .	The mens here will eat a batch of food soon .
neutral	Army male grilling a lot of meat while his troop looks on .	The mens here volition eat a batch of food soon .
neutral	A petite white dog runs outdoor , their ears blown back in the wind .	A dog is running towards it 's owners .
neutral	A small white dog runs outer , their ears blown back in the wind .	A dog is running toward it 's owner .
neutral	A small white dog runs outboard , their ears blown back in the wind .	A dog is running toward it 's owners .
neutral	A women happy about something .	A women is happy that her husband is home from work .
neutral	A females happy roughly something .	A female is happy that her husband is home from work .
neutral	A females happy approximately something .	A women is happy that her husband is home from work .
neutral	Two woman are sitting at a table , one is holding a baby and another teens is play on the floor .	Two mama and their teenager are play .
neutral	Two female are sitting at a table , one is holding a baby and another youthful is play on the floor .	Two mama and their kid are play .
neutral	Two female are sitting at a tables , one is holding a baby and another miners is playing on the floor .	Two mum and their juveniles are playing .
neutral	A group of people look at fresh lettuce in at the local street market .	A groups of man , and females look at fresh romaine lettuce in at the local street marketplace .
neutral	A group of people look at fresh lettuce in at the local street market .	A grouping of males , and female look at fresh romaine lettuce in at the local street market .
neutral	A group of people look at fresh lettuce in at the local street markets .	A group of males , and female look at fresh romaine lettuce in at the local street markets .
neutral	A panel of youngsters cheerleaders in pink and white costumes perform on a stage .	They are holding pom poms .
neutral	A grouping of teenaged cheerleaders in pink and white costumes perform on a stages .	They are holding pom poms .
neutral	A panels of child cheerleaders in pink and white costumes perform on a stage .	They are holding pom poms .
neutral	A men guitar player is aggressively sings a not to a song in a poorly lit rooms .	Someone is playing a song for a grouping of people .
neutral	A man guitar player is actively singing a not to a song in a poorly lighted rooms .	Someone is playing a song for a groups of people .
neutral	A male guitar player is firmly singing a not to a song in a poorly illuminated room .	Someone is playing a song for a grouping of people .
neutral	A picture meticulously sets up his camera on a tripod and prepares to take the shot amidst the scenic background .	A masculine has a camera in the woods .
neutral	A image scrupulously sets up his camera on a tripod and prepares to take the shot amidst the scenic background .	A male has a camera in the timber .
neutral	A photographed scrupulously sets up his camera on a tripod and prepares to take the shot amidst the scenic background .	A man has a camera in the wooden .
neutral	Two uniforms female , wearing blazers saying `` Politie '' on the back , are searches at each other in front of a crowd .	The woman are marry .
neutral	Two uniforms female , wearing jackets saying `` Politie '' on the back , are searches at each other in front of a crowd .	The females are wedding .
neutral	Two standardized females , wearing jerseys saying `` Politie '' on the back , are looking at each other in front of a crowd .	The women are marries .
neutral	A females wearing spectacles and a brown beanie next to a daughter with long brown hairdo holding a book .	A females is wearing sunglasses and a light brown beanie .
neutral	A women wearing spectacles and a brown beanie next to a daughter with long brown hairdo holding a book .	A female is wearing eyeglasses and a light brown beanie .
neutral	A woman wearing glasses and a brown beanie next to a girl with long brown hairdo holding a book .	A females is wearing eyeglasses and a light brown beanie .
neutral	A males is dances in front of a band .	The mens is having a good timing .
neutral	A man is dancing in front of a band .	The men is having a good deadline .
neutral	A men is dances in front of a bands .	The mens is having a good period .
neutral	A grouping of travellers pulling suitcases are making their manner down a platform .	A grouping of friends are voyage to Hawaii .
neutral	A grouping of travellers pulling suitcases are making their manner down a platform .	A panel of friends are travelling to Hawaii .
neutral	A groups of passenger pulling suitcases are making their way down a platform .	A group of friends are trip to Hawaii .
neutral	A painter with a grey t-shirt and tatted arm sketches a mural with extreme precision and concentrating .	A painter has a tattoo of a dragon on his arm .
neutral	A painter with a grey t-shirt and tatted arm sketches a mural with extreme accurate and concentrates .	A painter has a tattoo of a dragons on his arm .
neutral	A painter with a grey t-shirt and tatted arm sketches a mural with extreme exact and focused .	A painter has a tattoo of a dragons on his arm .
neutral	A painter with a grey t-shirt and tatted arm sketches a mural with extreme accurate and concentrate .	A painter is doing a watercolor painting .
neutral	A painter with a gray t-shirt and tatted arm sketches a mural with extreme exact and concentrating .	A painter is doing a watercolor paints .
neutral	A painter with a grey t-shirt and tatted arm sketches a mural with extreme exact and concentrated .	A painter is doing a watercolor painting .
neutral	A youthful women is wearing a paper crown at an outer events .	the female is at a party
neutral	A young female is wearing a paper crown at an outside event .	the female is at a party
neutral	A juveniles women is wearing a paper crown at an outdoor events .	the women is at a party
neutral	A males is spinning a little girls in the airways above his head .	A men is carrying his daughter above his head .
neutral	A mens is spin a small girls in the airways above his head .	A men is carrying his daughters above his head .
neutral	A mens is spin a little daughter in the aeroplane above his head .	A male is carry his girls above his head .
neutral	As a crowd looks on , a player in a white uniform , wearing only one colorful sock , makes a diving catch for the frisbee .	A player makes the game wins catch
neutral	As a crowd looks on , a player in a white uniformed , wearing solely one colorful sock , makes a dives catch for the frisbee .	A player makes the games win catch
neutral	As a crowd looks on , a player in a white uniforms , wearing only one colorful sock , makes a diving catch for the frisbee .	A player makes the games winning catch
neutral	A masculine on a sidewalk is play the accordion while happy people pass by .	A homeless street musician tries to earns enough to cash to survive
neutral	A masculine on a sidewalk is playing the accordion while happy people pass by .	A homeless street musician tries to earn enough to financial to survive
neutral	A men on a pavement is playing the accordion while happy people pass by .	A homeless street musician tries to earns enough to finance to survive
neutral	Two boys run to the entryway of an elder building .	Two adolescent are running after a dog that got away .
neutral	Two boys run to the entryway of an aged building .	Two kids are running after a dog that got away .
neutral	Two boys run to the entryway of an senior building .	Two minor are running after a dog that got away .
neutral	A group of ladies sit around a black table in front of a brick wall with a building in the background .	The ladies are friends .
neutral	A grouping of ladies sit around a negro tables in front of a brick wall with a building in the background .	The ladies are friends .
neutral	A panels of ladies sit around a negro table in front of a brick wall with a building in the background .	The ladies are friends .
neutral	The dogs are playing on the bed .	Dogs combat each other for the opportunity to sleeping on the bed .
neutral	The dogs are play on the bed .	Dogs fight each other for the chance to sleep on the bed .
neutral	The dogs are play on the bed .	Dogs struggles each other for the opportunity to sleep on the bed .
neutral	A group of consumers walking through a public marketplace to purchase vegetables with the background of the busy store just behind them .	Group of people being filmed buying vegetables for a market 's propaganda .
neutral	A panel of consumers walking through a public marketplace to buys vegetables with the background of the busy boutique just behind them .	Group of people being filmed buying vegetables for a markets 's announcing .
neutral	A panels of consumers walking through a public market to purchasing vegetables with the background of the busy boutique just behind them .	Group of people being filmed purchase vegetables for a markets 's ad .
neutral	A female is observing photographic on a camera .	A females purchasing a newer camera from the store .
neutral	A females is observing photography on a camera .	A female purchasing a newer camera from the store .
neutral	A woman is observing photograph on a camera .	A women purchase a novel camera from the boutique .
neutral	A baseball player sliding into a bases while a player from the other team tries to catch the ball .	A baseball player joyously sliding into a base
neutral	A baseball player sliding into a based while a player from the other team tries to catch the ball .	A baseball player joyously sliding into a base
neutral	A baseball player sliding into a base while a player from the other team tries to catch the ball .	A baseball player joyously sliding into a base
neutral	A brown and white dog swims in a courtyard swimming pool .	A brown dog swims with their holders .
neutral	A brown and white dog swims in a backyard swimming pool .	A brown dog swims with their homeowner .
neutral	A brown and white dog swims in a backyard swim pool .	A brown dog swims with their holders .
neutral	A ma shading her baby with an umbrella as she and her partner climb the stairs .	A kid woman holds a red umbrella over her infants son as she goes upstairs .
neutral	A mother shading her baby with an umbrella as she and her partner climbing the stairs .	A adolescence woman holds a red umbrella over her newborns son as she goes upstairs .
neutral	A momma shading her baby with an umbrella as she and her partners climbing the stairs .	A teen female holds a red umbrella over her babies sons as she goes upstairs .
neutral	A man on a skateboarding on steps in front glass doors of a brick building .	The male with the skateboarding is wait for a plane
neutral	A men on a skateboard on steps in front glass doors of a brick building .	The men with the skateboard is wait for a plane
neutral	A man on a skateboard on steps in front glass doors of a brick building .	The male with the skateboarding is waiting for a plane
neutral	A males on a skateboard on steps in front glass doors of a brick building .	The male on the skateboarding is going to bounce off the glass doors
neutral	A men on a skateboard on steps in front glass doors of a brick building .	The males on the skateboarding is going to bounce off the glass doors
neutral	A mens on a skateboard on steps in front glass doors of a brick building .	The man on the skateboarding is going to bounce off the glass doors
neutral	A man play the guitar while smokers a cigarette .	A mens is playing a brown guitar
neutral	A masculine playing the guitar while tobacco a cigarette .	A masculine is play a brown guitar
neutral	A mens playing the guitar while smoked a cigarette .	A male is playing a brown guitar
neutral	Two minor boys are playing with a toy train set on a lumber floor .	The boys are having fun playing with the train set .
neutral	Two kids boys are play with a toy train set on a wood floor .	The boys are having fun play with the train set .
neutral	Two youths boys are play with a toy train set on a wooden floor .	The boys are having fun playing with the train set .
neutral	A panels of persons are sitting together in a rooms .	The people are celebrating their father 's birthday at a local restaurant .
neutral	A grouping of individuals are sitting together in a room .	The people are celebrating their fathers 's birthday at a local restaurant .
neutral	A group of person are sitting together in a room .	The people are celebrating their fathers 's birthday at a local restaurant .
neutral	a female wearing a pink tank top holding a mug of liquid	A woman is drinking .
neutral	a women wearing a pink tank top holding a mug of liquid	A woman is drinking .
neutral	a women wearing a pink tank top holding a mug of liquid	A female is drinking .
neutral	A races auto , numbered 104 is rounding a bend as two people watch and take photos .	People are taking photos of the indy 500 .
neutral	A errand motor , numbered 104 is rounding a bend as two people watch and take photographic .	People are taking images of the indy 500 .
neutral	A errand vehicles , numbered 104 is rounding a bend as two people watch and take photo .	People are taking photographing of the indy 500 .
neutral	Two girl , one wearing a pink shirt and the other wearing a blue shirt , are standing against a wall .	Two girls secret behind a wall .
neutral	Two girls , one wearing a pink shirt and the other wearing a blue shirt , are standing against a wall .	Two daughter undercover behind a wall .
neutral	Two daughters , one wearing a pink shirt and the other wearing a blue shirt , are standing against a wall .	Two girls hide behind a wall .
neutral	An Asian wearing a pastel printing shirt and sunhat pushing his cart up the street .	An Asian men is sold food .
neutral	An Asian wearing a pastel printing shirt and sunhat pushing his cart up the street .	An Asian masculine is sells food .
neutral	An Asian wearing a pastel prints shirt and sunhat pushing his cart up the street .	An Asian male is sold food .
neutral	The dog 's mouth is opens like he is yawning .	a dog is yawning because he is tired from a walk
neutral	The dog 's mouth is openings like he is yawning .	a dog is yawning because he is weary from a walk
neutral	The dog 's mouth is opening like he is yawning .	a dog is yawning because he is weary from a walk
neutral	a male with a chaps and not wearing shirt is laying a woods bench .	A individuals rests on seat
neutral	a male with a ceilings and not wearing shirt is laying a woods bench .	A persons rests on seat
neutral	a mens with a chap and not wearing shirt is laying a woods bench .	A individuals rests on seat
neutral	A women in a gray shirt is quest at something .	A female in a grey shirt search at her book .
neutral	A female in a gray shirt is searching at something .	A female in a gray shirt searching at her book .
neutral	A female in a grey shirt is searches at something .	A females in a grey shirt searches at her book .
neutral	A female in a gray shirt is searching at something .	A females in a grey shirt searching onward .
neutral	A women in a grey shirt is quest at something .	A female in a grey shirt quest onward .
neutral	A woman in a grey shirt is searches at something .	A woman in a grey shirt looking onward .
neutral	A females plays in the wind , with a furry brown dog .	The dog is a shitzu .
neutral	A women plays in the wind , with a furry brown dog .	The dog is a shitzu .
neutral	A women plays in the wind , with a furry brown dog .	The dog is a shitzu .
neutral	A minors daughters with a white long-sleeved shirt on helped a miners boy brown long-sleeved shirt on with tying his shoelaces .	A girl assistance her brother tie his shoes
neutral	A kids girls with a white long-sleeved shirt on helping a miner boy brown long-sleeved shirt on with tying his shoelaces .	A daughters help her brother tie his shoes
neutral	A child girl with a white long-sleeved shirt on aids a kid boy brown long-sleeved shirt on with tying his shoelaces .	A girls help her brother tie his shoes
neutral	A males holding girl at top of a slide	A masculine telling the daughter not be scared on top of a silde .
neutral	A man holding daughter at top of a slide	A males telling the girl not be scared on top of a silde .
neutral	A mens holding girls at top of a slide	A man telling the daughters not be scared on top of a silde .
neutral	A mens is working on a Earthen structure with a pickaxe .	A male is repairs a dike .
neutral	A males is working on a Earthen structure with a pickaxe .	A male is repairs a dike .
neutral	A men is working on a Earthen structure with a pickaxe .	A mens is repairs a dike .
neutral	Two girls pass two boys by a tree in a neon lit street .	Some youths pass their friends on a street .
neutral	Two girl pass two boys by a tree in a neon illuminated street .	Some adolescence pass their friends on a street .
neutral	Two daughters pass two boys by a tree in a neon lighted street .	Some teenaged pass their friends on a street .
neutral	A groups of people in bright green vests are purchase food .	a group of people in green vests purchasing food for lunch .
neutral	A group of people in bright green vests are purchase food .	a group of people in green vests buys food for lunch .
neutral	A panel of people in bright green vests are purchase food .	a grouping of people in green vests buying food for lunch .
neutral	A dog is running parallel with the marines waves .	A dog is running towards its holders .
neutral	A dog is running parallel with the ocean waves .	A dog is running towards its owners .
neutral	A dog is running parallel with the ocean waves .	A dog is running towards its landlord .
neutral	A town street cornering with two passing bicyclists and varying pedestrians .	The traffic is busy .
neutral	A town street corner with two passing bicyclists and numerous pedestrians .	The traffic is busy .
neutral	A city street nook with two passing bicyclists and several pedestrians .	The traffic is busy .
neutral	A female is leaning against a wall with her shoes off .	A females has her shoe off to shift her sock .
neutral	A woman is leaning against a wall with her footwear off .	A women has her shoes off to adjusted her sock .
neutral	A female is leaning against a wall with her shoes off .	A female has her shoe off to shifts her sock .
neutral	This mens is working with an I-pad .	the masculine is typing a paper
neutral	This male is working with an I-pad .	the man is typing a paper
neutral	This man is working with an I-pad .	the mens is typing a paper
neutral	two petite girls dance on the floor	Two juveniles happily jiving on the dance floor .
neutral	two petite girl dances on the floor	Two teenage happily jiving on the dances floor .
neutral	two petite daughter dances on the floor	Two youths happily jiving on the dance floor .
neutral	two little daughters dancing on the floor	Two minor jiving on the dance floor .
neutral	two petite girls dancing on the floor	Two juveniles jiving on the dancing floor .
neutral	two petite daughters dances on the floor	Two kid jiving on the dancing floor .
neutral	A females with brown hair wearing a white shirt is standing in a doorway surrounded by baskets as a women in a red shirt passes by .	The women is wearing a skirt .
neutral	A female with brown hairstyle wearing a white shirt is standing in a doorway surrounded by baskets as a women in a red shirt passes by .	The female is wearing a skirt .
neutral	A woman with brown hairstyle wearing a white shirt is standing in a doorway surrounded by baskets as a females in a red shirt passes by .	The female is wearing a skirt .
neutral	A public speaker in a whiskey shirt speaks on the mics .	A men gives a speeches roughly the economy .
neutral	A public speaker in a scotsman shirt speaks on the microphone .	A man gives a speech about the economics .
neutral	A public speaker in a bourbon shirt speaks on the microphone .	A males gives a speech roughly the economics .
neutral	Two dogs stand side by side in the yard .	Two dogs hides in the yard together .
neutral	Two dogs stand side by side in the yard .	Two dogs concealed in the yard together .
neutral	Two dogs stand side by side in the yard .	Two dogs disguising in the yard together .
neutral	Men play basketball , the guy with the ball is attempting a layup .	Men are play basketball as one guy wins the games by attempting a layup .
neutral	Men play basketball , the guy with the ball is attempting a layup .	Men are play basketball as one guy wins the game by attempting a layup .
neutral	Men playing basketball , the guy with the ball is attempting a layup .	Men are play basketball as one guy won the game by attempting a layup .
neutral	An outdated male in a grey shirt smiles at the camera while doing laundry in a small rooms .	The males is a father
neutral	An older man in a gray shirt smiles at the camera while doing laundry in a petite rooms .	The masculine is a father
neutral	An antiquated men in a grey shirt smiles at the camera while doing laundry in a small room .	The male is a father
neutral	Red-haired female reply questions while sitting at a tables for craftzine .	The PR rep fielded questions during the interview .
neutral	Red-haired females answer questions while sitting at a table for craftzine .	The PR rep fielded questions during the interview .
neutral	Red-haired females answers questions while sitting at a table for craftzine .	The PR rep fielded questions during the interview .
neutral	A skateboarding is grinding on a curb with his skateboard .	The curb is unsafe .
neutral	A skateboard is grinding on a curb with his skateboarding .	The curb is hazardous .
neutral	A skateboard is grinding on a curb with his skateboarding .	The curb is insecure .
neutral	The gamers manuever for the soccer ball .	Soccer players play exterior .
neutral	The players manuever for the soccer ball .	Soccer players play outdoor .
neutral	The gamers manuever for the soccer ball .	Soccer gamers playing outboard .
neutral	A girls in a hat has some kind of insect on her finger .	A women has a bee on her hand .
neutral	A daughters in a hat has some sort of insect on her finger .	A woman has a bee on her hand .
neutral	A daughter in a hat has some sort of insect on her finger .	A woman has a bee on her hand .
neutral	A adolescence daughter in a crowd of people search up at something .	somebody saw something in the sky
neutral	A teen daughter in a crowd of people search up at something .	somebody saw something in the sky
neutral	A juvenile daughters in a crowd of people search up at something .	somebody saw something in the sky
neutral	A juveniles girl in a crowd of people looking up at something .	no one saw the rainbow in the sky
neutral	A adolescent girls in a crowd of people looking up at something .	no one saw the rainbow in the sky
neutral	A kids daughter in a crowd of people searches up at something .	no one saw the rainbow in the sky
neutral	A grouping of dogs stand in the snow .	Some animal are forced to stand still in snow .
neutral	A panels of dogs stand in the snowy .	Some animals are forced to stand still in snow .
neutral	A groups of dogs stand in the snowy .	Some animals are forced to stand still in snow .
neutral	A men wearing a headscarf and loincloth is laying and smoothing an asphalt surfaces near a forester on a hot day .	The headscarf is a gift .
neutral	A male wearing a headscarf and loincloth is laying and smoothing an asphalt surfaces near a forests on a hot day .	The headscarf is a gift .
neutral	A men wearing a headscarf and loincloth is laying and smoothing an asphalt surface near a forestry on a hot day .	The headscarf is a gift .
neutral	Two antiquated women with a baby that has a pacifier in its mouth , the baby wears an orange and brown frock .	The garb was a gift .
neutral	Two elderly women with a baby that has a pacifier in its mouth , the baby wears an orange and brown dress .	The dress was a gift .
neutral	Two antiquated female with a baby that has a pacifier in its mouth , the baby wears an orange and brown dress .	The attire was a gift .
neutral	A hurried bicycler moves along a vehicular in a busy street on an allowed bicycles road .	The bikes is journey quickly than the autos .
neutral	A hurried bicycler moves along a cars in a busy street on an allowed motorcycle path .	The cyclist is travelling rapidly than the automobiles .
neutral	A hurried bicycler moves along a cars in a busy street on an allowed bike routing .	The cycle is traveling rapid than the cars .
neutral	People in front of waterfront , 3 people are sitting down facing each other as a miners boy runs and 2 people walk towards the water .	A family is enjoying the outdoors with their boy
neutral	People in front of waterfront , 3 people are sitting down facing each other as a youthful boy runs and 2 people walk towards the water .	A families is enjoying the outdoors with their boy
neutral	People in front of waterfront , 3 people are sitting down facing each other as a miner boy runs and 2 people walk towards the water .	A family is enjoying the outdoors with their boy
neutral	Two guys one in a red jacket the other in a leaf prints shirt cut cakes , they look ready to excavation in .	The guy is wearing a cap .
neutral	Two guys one in a red jacket the other in a leaf prints shirt cut cakes , they look poised to excavation in .	The guy is wearing a ceiling .
neutral	Two guys one in a red jacket the other in a leaf print shirt cut cakes , they look readies to excavation in .	The guy is wearing a chaps .
neutral	A female in a white shirt inspect a negro garment while sitting in a chairs at a festival .	A women checking for a stain on her sons 's shirt at the festival .
neutral	A woman in a white shirt exam a black clothing while sitting in a chair at a festival .	A woman checked for a stain on her son 's shirt at the festival .
neutral	A females in a white shirt inspecting a negro garment while sitting in a chair at a festival .	A women checked for a stain on her sons 's shirt at the festival .
neutral	A teen men throws a Frisbee to a frisbee-golf purposes .	A males play in a tournament .
neutral	A youthful male throws a Frisbee to a frisbee-golf targets .	A man play in a tournament .
neutral	A kids masculine throws a Frisbee to a frisbee-golf purpose .	A man playing in a tournament .
neutral	A mens in a black shirt and brown underpants is jumping in the airlines performing a kicks kick toward a masculine in a red shirt and black hat .	Actors who are also martial arts experts face off as opponents with the good guy in brown and black and the bad guy wearing red and a black hat .
neutral	A man in a black shirt and brown underclothes is jumping in the planes performing a karate kick toward a men in a red shirt and negro hat .	Actors who are also martial arts expert face off as opponents with the good guy in brown and negro and the bad guy wearing red and a negro hat .
neutral	A masculine in a negro shirt and brown panties is jumping in the jets performing a karate kick toward a masculine in a red shirt and negro hat .	Actors who are also martial arts expert face off as opponents with the good guy in brown and black and the bad guy wearing red and a black hat .
neutral	Three people are sitting at a small table near a screen with the words , `` DEMOS , The Business of Care . ''	There are some people at a business meetings .
neutral	Three people are sitting at a petite table near a screen with the words , `` DEMOS , The Business of Care . ''	There are some people at a businesses meeting .
neutral	Three people are sitting at a petite table near a screen with the words , `` DEMOS , The Business of Care . ''	There are some people at a corporate meeting .
neutral	A panel of three males and two females sitting at a table that has food , beverages , and a game on it .	the people are tourists
neutral	A panels of three mens and two females sitting at a tables that has food , beverages , and a games on it .	the people are tourists
neutral	A grouping of three male and two females sitting at a table that has food , beverages , and a game on it .	the people are tourists
neutral	An ATV rides over a gigantic sandy landscape .	The rider is following his friends in the sand .
neutral	An ATV rides over a gigantic sandy landscape .	The rider is following his friends in the sand .
neutral	An ATV rides over a monumental sandy landscape .	The rider is following his friends in the sand .
neutral	A group of child in costumes are on a stages with red curtains .	a grouping of teenage are performing a play
neutral	A group of miners in costumes are on a stages with red curtains .	a grouping of kids are performing a play
neutral	A groups of adolescence in costumes are on a stage with red curtains .	a group of teenaged are performing a play
neutral	A mens swings his tennis racquet as the tennis ball gets closer to him .	A masculine is approximately to hit the won point in a tennis matches .
neutral	A man swings his tennis racquet as the tennis ball gets closer to him .	A man is about to hit the wins point in a tennis matches .
neutral	A mens swings his tennis racquet as the tennis ball gets closer to him .	A male is about to hit the winning point in a tennis matches .
neutral	A cobblestone street lined with dwelling and some pedestrians milling around .	Humans are outboard going to numerous shopping places .
neutral	A cobblestone street lined with homes and some pedestrians milling around .	Humans are outboard going to different shopping places .
neutral	A cobblestone street lined with dwelling and some pedestrians milling around .	Humans are exterior going to assorted shopping places .
neutral	Two soccer players try to take possessing of the ball , but the player in yellow falls as the player in white jumps over him .	the gamers are brazilian
neutral	Two soccer players try to take owning of the ball , but the player in yellow falls as the player in white jumps over him .	the players are brazilian
neutral	Two soccer players attempt to take owning of the ball , but the player in yellow falls as the player in white jumps over him .	the gamers are brazilian
neutral	People are conversing at a dining tables under a canopy .	People at a parties are seated for dinner on the lawn .
neutral	People are conversing at a dining tables under a canopy .	People at a parties are seated for dinner on the lawn .
neutral	People are conversing at a dining tables under a canopy .	People at a party are seated for dinner on the lawn .
neutral	An archaic mens is blowing airways into an object .	The seniors mens was blowing up a balloon
neutral	An ancient male is blowing midair into an object .	The elder mens was blowing up a balloon
neutral	An antiquated males is blowing planes into an object .	The archaic males was blowing up a balloon
neutral	A male wearing a green apron , working at a street side salesman called NY Dosas , kilometers at the camera .	The masculine sells halal meat in his food cart is smiling at the camera .
neutral	A male wearing a green apron , working at a street side shopkeeper called NY Dosas , kilometers at the camera .	The males selling halal meat in his food cart is smiling at the camera .
neutral	A men wearing a green apron , working at a street side dealer called NY Dosas , miles at the camera .	The males sell halal meat in his food cart is smiling at the camera .
neutral	A boy plays basketball .	The boy is going to dunk the ball .
neutral	A boy plays basketball .	The boy is going to dunk the ball .
neutral	A boy plays basketball .	The boy is going to dunk the ball .
neutral	A boy plays basketball .	The boy is on a basketball courts .
neutral	A boy plays basketball .	The boy is on a basketball courts .
neutral	A boy plays basketball .	The boy is on a basketball courts .
neutral	A boy jumps on the beach .	A boy collapses on top of the sand castle he just built .
neutral	A boy jumps on the beach .	A boy collapses on top of the sand castle he just built .
neutral	A boy jumps on the beach .	A boy collapses on top of the sand castle he just built .
neutral	A boy jumps on the beach .	A boy is happy to be so close to the water .
neutral	A boy jumps on the beach .	A boy is happy to be so close to the water .
neutral	A boy jumps on the beach .	A boy is happy to be so close to the water .
neutral	two dogs run across the woods .	The dogs are running after an animal
neutral	two dogs run across the timber .	The dogs are running after an animal
neutral	two dogs run across the wood .	The dogs are running after an animal
neutral	A miner tokyo couple holding an umbrella walking down a street .	The minors Asian couple are using an umbrella to protects themselves from the strenuous rain .
neutral	A miner tokyo couple holding an umbrella walking down a street .	The underage Asian couple are using an umbrella to protective themselves from the harsh rain .
neutral	A teenagers japan couple holding an umbrella walking down a street .	The youthful Asian couple are using an umbrella to protection themselves from the difficult rain .
neutral	Two man talk outdoors .	The males are discussions roughly their wives
neutral	Two male talk outdoors .	The male are conversation approximately their wives
neutral	Two mens talk outdoors .	The males are discussions roughly their wives
neutral	Boy sitting quest through a glass window at a train station .	A boy is searches through a window at another boy at the train station .
neutral	Boy sitting search through a glass window at a train station .	A boy is searches through a window at another boy at the train station .
neutral	Boy sitting searching through a glass window at a train station .	A boy is search through a window at another boy at the train station .
neutral	A kids girls in a pink bikini jumps into the aircraft on a sandy beach by the maritime , as two other smaller playing in the sand .	The teenager there together .
neutral	A adolescents girls in a pink bikini jumps into the aeroplane on a sandy beach by the ocean , as two other teenaged play in the sand .	The miners there together .
neutral	A adolescence daughter in a pink bikini jumps into the air on a sandy beach by the naval , as two other teenage playing in the sand .	The teenaged there together .
neutral	A wet teenaged stands in torso deep oceans water .	The juvenile is a boy .
neutral	A wet teenaged stands in chest deep oceanic water .	The teenager is a boy .
neutral	A wet smaller stands in torso deep ocean water .	The miners is a boy .
neutral	A shirt booth with a male print a shirt .	The shirt is blue with black lettering .
neutral	A shirt kiosk with a men printing a shirt .	The shirt is blue with black lettering .
neutral	A shirt booths with a male printing a shirt .	The shirt is blue with negro lettering .
neutral	A underage female is approximately to descend the stairs into a metro station .	A dame is walking to her train
neutral	A teenagers females is about to descend the stairs into a underground station .	A lady is walking to her train
neutral	A teenaged woman is about to descend the stairs into a underground station .	A dame is walking to her train
neutral	Three people hiking up a mountain with a river and other mountains in the background .	Three friends hiking the Appalachain Trail .
neutral	Three people hiking up a mountain with a river and other mountains in the background .	Three friends hiking the Appalachain Trail .
neutral	Three people hiking up a mountain with a river and other mountains in the background .	Three friends hiking the Appalachain Trail .
neutral	Child getting braced to go down a slide .	The youths volition go down the slide .
neutral	Child getting ready to go down a slide .	The minor will go down the slide .
neutral	Child getting ready to go down a slide .	The adolescents will go down the slide .
neutral	A person is holding a shovel between a truck and a cloud of dust .	The persons wants to digs for something that is buries .
neutral	A individuals is holding a shovel between a truck and a cloud of dust .	The individuals wants to excavation for something that is buries .
neutral	A individuals is holding a shovel between a truck and a cloud of dust .	The individuals wants to digging for something that is burying .
neutral	A women wearing a blue and orange coat is sitting outboard on a bench in front of a red background .	The female is wait for someone to show up .
neutral	A females wearing a blue and orange coat is sitting outdoor on a bench in front of a red background .	The women is waiting for someone to show up .
neutral	A women wearing a blue and orange coat is sitting outdoor on a bench in front of a red background .	The women is waiting for someone to show up .
neutral	A crowd is standing and cheering at a football game .	The crowd knows their team volition won .
neutral	A crowd is standing and cheering at a football games .	The crowd knows their team volition won .
neutral	A crowd is standing and cheering at a football games .	The crowd knows their team volition won .
neutral	A Caucasian woman stands with her back to the camera while finish a transaction at an ATM machine .	The women is withdrawing funds .
neutral	A Caucasian females stands with her back to the camera while completing a transaction at an ATM machine .	The females is withdraw funding .
neutral	A Caucasian woman stands with her back to the camera while finishes a transaction at an ATM machine .	The woman is withdrawing financial .
neutral	A dog jumping over a beam	An zoo is outdoors .
neutral	A dog jumping over a beam	An zoo is outdoors .
neutral	A dog jumping over a beam	An animal is outdoors .
neutral	A route worker is holding a stopping sign to direct traffic .	Construction is being done on the pathway .
neutral	A paths worker is holding a stopping sign to direct traffic .	Construction is being done on the road .
neutral	A road worker is holding a stopping sign to direct traffic .	Construction is being done on the route .
neutral	Three children daughters in winter garment and hats look at disposable cameras they are holding .	The cameras are cheaper .
neutral	Three juveniles daughter in winter garments and hats look at disposable cameras they are holding .	The cameras are cheaper .
neutral	Three teen daughter in winter garment and hats look at disposable cameras they are holding .	The cameras are cheaper .
neutral	One youths in black is walking down a hill cover in white snow while 2 adolescent are on their knees .	The juvenile are enjoying a surprise snowday off from school in the middle of April
neutral	One juveniles in black is walking down a hill covered in white snow while 2 teenagers are on their knees .	The miners are enjoying a surprise snowday off from school in the middle of April
neutral	One children in negro is walking down a hill covered in white snowy while 2 teens are on their knees .	The miner are enjoying a surprise snowday off from school in the medium of April
neutral	In this photographed it appears that a male is falling off a bull while attempting to ride the zoo .	the man is a farmer
neutral	In this pictures it appears that a males is falling off a bull while attempting to ride the animals .	the men is a farmer
neutral	In this photo it appears that a masculine is falling off a bull while attempting to ride the animals .	the males is a farmer
neutral	A dog with a collar on lies on the street .	The dog was just hit by a automobile and is lurks in the street .
neutral	A dog with a collar on lie on the street .	The dog was just hit by a vehicular and is lie in the street .
neutral	A dog with a collar on lie on the street .	The dog was just hit by a auto and is lie in the street .
neutral	A individuals in a green gown sits on a couch with a blanket .	a males sits on a couch
neutral	A individuals in a green gown sits on a couch with a blanket .	a men sits on a couch
neutral	A individuals in a green robe sits on a couch with a blanket .	a mens sits on a couch
neutral	A women wearing sunglasses .	A females is looking at somebody .
neutral	A woman wearing glasses .	A women is searching at somebody .
neutral	A females wearing sunglasses .	A woman is looking at somebody .
neutral	A men with a red helmet and numbers on his arm and leg is riding a red races cycle .	The men in the red helmet is wins his mopeds race .
neutral	A males with a red helmet and figures on his arm and leg is riding a red racing cycling .	The masculine in the red helmet is winning his cyclist racing .
neutral	A masculine with a red helmet and figures on his arm and leg is riding a red racing bicycle .	The man in the red helmet is wins his motorbike race .
neutral	A mens wearing a lengthy brown robe is play the guitar while another individuals is sitting at the drumming and yet another is wearing a long gray robe and sing .	The man is a great guitar player .
neutral	A masculine wearing a lengthy brown robe is playing the guitar while another person is sitting at the drums and yet another is wearing a lengthy grey robe and sings .	The male is a great guitar player .
neutral	A males wearing a lengthy brown robe is play the guitar while another individuals is sitting at the drums and yet another is wearing a lengthy grey robe and sing .	The male is a great guitar player .
neutral	A male sitting on an elephant with a riding seating is conversations to a females sightseeing .	An antiquated Asian man riding a baby elephant .
neutral	A mens sitting on an elephant with a riding seating is conversation to a women tourist .	An elders Asian man riding a baby elephant .
neutral	A male sitting on an elephant with a riding seat is talking to a women tourist .	An elder Asian mens riding a baby elephant .
neutral	A female bicyclist wearing black , and having four number 9 's printed on her limbs on a bicycling .	A women riding a cycle in a races .
neutral	A female bicyclist wearing black , and having four number 9 's printed on her limbs on a biking .	A woman riding a mopeds in a racing .
neutral	A females bicyclist wearing negro , and having four number 9 's printed on her limbs on a bicycling .	A females riding a cycle in a racing .
neutral	Little girls is flipping an omelet in the kitchen .	A adolescence girls in the kitchen makes spicy omelets .
neutral	Little girls is flipping an omelet in the kitchen .	A child daughters in the kitchen makes spicy omelets .
neutral	Little daughters is flipping an omelet in the kitchen .	A teens girls in the kitchen makes spicy omelets .
neutral	A girl sits at a tables in front of a plate of food .	There is Chinese food on the plate .
neutral	A daughter sits at a table in front of a plate of food .	There is Chinese food on the plate .
neutral	A girl sits at a tables in front of a plate of food .	There is Chinese food on the plate .
neutral	A boy posing on the soccer field .	The boy is on a soccer team .
neutral	A boy posing on the soccer field .	The boy is on a soccer team .
neutral	A boy posing on the soccer field .	The boy is on a soccer team .
neutral	A teens man does tricks on his skateboarding .	A guy rolls forwards .
neutral	A teenagers male does tricks on his skateboard .	A guy rolls forward .
neutral	A underage male does tricks on his skateboard .	A guy rolls forwards .
neutral	While traveling , a women in a negro jacket is rest on the shoulder of a male in a black jacket .	A men 's wife lays on his shoulder
neutral	While travel , a woman in a negro jacket is resting on the shoulder of a masculine in a negro jacket .	A mens 's wife lays on his shoulder
neutral	While travel , a females in a negro jacket is rest on the shoulder of a masculine in a black jacket .	A mens 's wife lays on his shoulder
neutral	A mens wearing dark knee boots , a green cape , and a hat with two big plumes on the front is sitting by himself on a bench in front of a building with a blue and white patterned piece of wheels luggage to his right while he rests both his hands on a walking stick .	A males sits by himself at Mardi Gras .
neutral	A man wearing dark knee boots , a green cape , and a hat with two big plumes on the front is sitting by itself on a bench in front of a building with a blue and white patterned piece of wheeled luggage to his rights while he rests both his hands on a walking stick .	A male sits by himself at Mardi Gras .
neutral	A male wearing dark knee boots , a green cape , and a hat with two monumental plumes on the front is sitting by itself on a bench in front of a building with a blue and white patterned piece of wheels baggage to his rights while he rests both his hands on a walking stick .	A male sits by himself at Mardi Gras .
neutral	A teen boy in suspenders .	The boy 's suspenders are blue .
neutral	A underage boy in suspenders .	The boy 's suspenders are blue .
neutral	A adolescence boy in suspenders .	The boy 's suspenders are blue .
neutral	A black and white dog jumps up and down in the snow .	A dog wants back inside from the cold .
neutral	A black and white dog jumps up and down in the snow .	A dog wants back inland from the cold .
neutral	A black and white dog jumps up and down in the snowy .	A dog wants back interior from the chilly .
neutral	A mens is standing in front of a temple while wearing a red hat and red shirt .	The mens is going into the temple to pray .
neutral	A masculine is standing in front of a temple while wearing a red hat and red shirt .	The males is going into the temple to praying .
neutral	A masculine is standing in front of a temple while wearing a red hat and red shirt .	The mens is going into the temple to pray .
neutral	Many people on the beach holding a very hefty netted .	The people are a part of a native tribe mending their fishing nets .
neutral	Many people on the beach holding a very hefty net .	The people are a portion of a aboriginal clan mending their fishing nets .
neutral	Many people on the beach holding a very enormous netted .	The people are a part of a natives tribes mending their fishing nets .
neutral	A grouping of daughters in black and white spotted skirts crossing a street .	A groups of girls are walking to school .
neutral	A panel of girls in negro and white spotted skirts crossed a street .	A groups of girls are walking to school .
neutral	A panels of girls in negro and white spotted skirts cross a street .	A panels of daughters are walking to school .
neutral	A adolescents stuck up in a trees .	A youngsters is stuck in a tree after trying to disguising .
neutral	A adolescent stuck up in a tree .	A young is stuck in a trees after trying to hides .
neutral	A smaller stuck up in a trees .	A juveniles is stuck in a tree after trying to secrets .
neutral	The white dog is pulling a massive stick .	The dog is play tug of war with a stick .
neutral	The white dog is pulling a jumbo stick .	The dog is playing tug of war with a stick .
neutral	The white dog is pulling a monumental stick .	The dog is playing tug of war with a stick .
neutral	A persons wearing a blue backpack stands on a field above a scenic view .	The individuals is taking a nature hike .
neutral	A person wearing a blue bags stands on a field above a scenic view .	The individuals is taking a nature hike .
neutral	A individuals wearing a blue satchel stands on a field above a scenic view .	The persons is taking a nature hike .
neutral	A boy stands in the medium of a crowd of miners .	A sad boy stands in the middle of a crowd of minor .
neutral	A boy stands in the middle of a crowd of kids .	A sad boy stands in the mid of a crowd of miners .
neutral	A boy stands in the medium of a crowd of miner .	A sad boy stands in the mid of a crowd of kid .
neutral	A mens and his camels in the dusty deserts .	the males is mexican
neutral	A mens and his camel in the dusty deserts .	the male is mexican
neutral	A men and his camels in the dusty deserts .	the masculine is mexican
neutral	A men in suit wait for the green light .	A men is on his manner to work .
neutral	A males in suit waiting for the green light .	A masculine is on his manner to work .
neutral	A man in suit waiting for the green light .	A males is on his manner to work .
neutral	An officers in a negro standardized and hat stands to the left of a enormous structure with other officer in the background .	A group of officer stand near a offense scene .
neutral	An officer in a black uniformed and hat stands to the left of a enormous structure with other officer in the background .	A groups of officers stand near a offense scene .
neutral	An officer in a negro standardized and hat stands to the left of a enormous structure with other officers in the background .	A groups of officers stand near a crime scene .
neutral	The little dog is running across the lawn .	A dog is chase a ball .
neutral	The petite dog is running across the lawn .	A dog is chasing a ball .
neutral	The little dog is running across the lawn .	A dog is manhunt a ball .
neutral	A dog is pulling a red sled across the snowy .	A dog is pulling a sled with rucksack .
neutral	A dog is pulling a red sled across the snow .	A dog is pulling a sled with knapsack .
neutral	A dog is pulling a red sled across the snowy .	A dog is pulling a sled with pockets .
neutral	3 people are shopping in a market .	The three people are shopping for a party they are going to throw .
neutral	3 people are shopping in a marketplace .	The three people are shopping for a party they are going to throw .
neutral	3 people are shopping in a market .	The three people are shopping for a parties they are going to throw .
neutral	A tree worker with a strenuous hat is cutting down a branch .	The tree appears to be dead .
neutral	A tree worker with a arduous hat is cut down a branch .	The trees appears to be dead .
neutral	A tree worker with a tricky hat is cutting down a branch .	The trees appears to be dead .
neutral	A panels of people are walking down a busy street .	A grouping of people are going to work .
neutral	A groups of people are walking down a busy street .	A panels of people are going to work .
neutral	A panel of people are walking down a busy street .	A panels of people are going to work .
neutral	A half clothed male is sleep on the sidewalk .	A homeless masculine is slumber outside
neutral	A half attired male is sleeping on the sidewalk .	A homeless males is sleep outside
neutral	A half attired mens is sleeping on the sidewalk .	A homeless masculine is sleeping outside
neutral	A woman rollerblader with knee and elbow pads and a helmet jumping into the aeroplane .	the females is a professionals skater
neutral	A female rollerblader with knee and elbow pads and a helmet jumping into the plane .	the woman is a professionals skater
neutral	A female rollerblader with knee and elbow pads and a helmet jumping into the airways .	the women is a professionals skater
neutral	A grouping of adolescents man in a gym take turns score in basketball .	Guys are play shirts vs skins .
neutral	A panels of miner men in a gym take turns scoring in basketball .	Guys are playing shirts vs skins .
neutral	A panel of minor man in a gym take turns score in basketball .	Guys are playing shirts vs skins .
neutral	A barber in a athletes themed barber shop waits for his next clients to arrive .	A barber in a athlete shop waits eagerly for businesses .
neutral	A barber in a athletes themed barber shop waits for his next customers to arrive .	A barber in a sports shop waits eagerly for ventures .
neutral	A barber in a athletic themed barber shop waits for his next clients to arrive .	A barber in a sporting shop waits eagerly for corporation .
neutral	The man in black is flying off the full in front of a red fencing .	The male wearing black panties and a negro jacket is in front of the fences .
neutral	The mens in negro is flying off the full in front of a red fencing .	The man wearing negro underpants and a negro jacket is in front of the fencing .
neutral	The males in negro is flying off the full in front of a red fences .	The man wearing black undergarments and a black jacket is in front of the fence .
neutral	Swimming in the broad blue oceanic .	It is the backstroke .
neutral	Swimming in the extensive blue nautical .	It is the breaststroke .
neutral	Swimming in the broad blue marine .	It is the breaststroke .
neutral	A fowl is perched on a trees branch .	An owl is perched on a tree branch .
neutral	A bird is perched on a tree branch .	An owl is perched on a tree branch .
neutral	A poultry is perched on a trees branch .	An owl is perched on a tree branch .
neutral	A young males sitting under a trees while others walk down the street .	A teenaged males is resting .
neutral	A youth man sitting under a trees while others walk down the street .	A children male is rest .
neutral	A teenagers men sitting under a trees while others walk down the street .	A miners male is resting .
neutral	A teen plays with her fathers 's boots .	A child gamers with her father 's boots while he is at work .
neutral	A kid plays with her father 's boots .	A kid gamers with her father 's boots while he is at work .
neutral	A minor plays with her fathers 's boots .	A adolescence gamers with her father 's boots while he is at work .
neutral	Three juvenile in a black dog kennel .	The miner are being punished .
neutral	Three youngsters in a black dog kennel .	The teenagers are being punished .
neutral	Three youngsters in a negro dog kennel .	The adolescence are being punished .
neutral	Three youngsters in a black dog kennel .	Kids are in a cage .
neutral	Three kids in a negro dog kennel .	Kids are in a cage .
neutral	Three juvenile in a negro dog kennel .	Kids are in a cage .
neutral	A daughter with a blue shirt and a daughter with a striped shirt stand next to a girl with a green shirt sitting in a chairs .	The three best friends just got finished playing a games of musical chairs .
neutral	A daughter with a blue shirt and a girls with a striped shirt stand next to a daughter with a green shirt sitting in a chair .	The three best friends just got finished playing a games of musical chair .
neutral	A girl with a blue shirt and a daughters with a striped shirt stand next to a daughters with a green shirt sitting in a chair .	The three best friends just got finished play a game of musical chairs .
neutral	By a table with assorted boxes and two coffee cups on it , a woman in a green sweater is openings a small box and another individuals -LRB- whose head can not be seen -RRB- is operating a small handheld electronic device .	A females opening boxes while her colleague check a battleship manifest .
neutral	By a tables with varying boxes and two coffee cups on it , a female in a green jumper is opening a small box and another person -LRB- whose head can not be seen -RRB- is operating a small handheld electronic device .	A females opens boxes while her colleague checks a navigation manifest .
neutral	By a tables with various boxes and two coffee cups on it , a females in a green sweater is openings a little box and another individuals -LRB- whose head can not be seen -RRB- is operating a small handheld electronic device .	A woman opened boxes while her colleague checks a examine manifest .
neutral	Two female are laugh and smiling while they eat a meal together .	Lilly and Sally were laughing while eating lunch .
neutral	Two women are laughing and smiling while they eat a meal together .	Lilly and Sally were laugh while eating lunch .
neutral	Two female are laugh and smiling while they eat a meal together .	Lilly and Sally were laughing while eating lunch .
neutral	Two woman are laughing and smiling while they eat a meal together .	Lilly and Sally were eating lunch .
neutral	Two women are laughing and smiling while they eat a meal together .	Lilly and Sally were eating lunch .
neutral	Two women are laugh and smiling while they eat a meal together .	Lilly and Sally were eating lunch .
neutral	People stand along a train track and take photos .	Photographers take image of the scene after a train accident .
neutral	People stand along a train track and take photographs .	Photographers take image of the scene after a train accident .
neutral	People stand along a train track and take pictures .	Photographers take photographing of the scene after a train accident .
neutral	People stand along a train track and take photographed .	Some people are walking to the train station .
neutral	People stand along a train track and take photograph .	Some people are walking to the train station .
neutral	People stand along a train track and take photograph .	Some people are walking to the train station .
neutral	A town street with market traders and teen being pushed in strollers with a overwhelming cathedral in the background .	The teens are bored .
neutral	A town street with markets shopkeeper and youth being pushed in strollers with a large cathedral in the background .	The juvenile are bored .
neutral	A city street with markets vendors and teenaged being pushed in strollers with a big cathedral in the background .	The youthful are bored .
neutral	The coaches formal and football player are conversation in front a crowd and other team members .	Tall people talking
neutral	The coach formally and football player are conversation in front a crowd and other team members .	Tall people talking
neutral	The coaching formally and football player are conversation in front a crowd and other team member .	Tall people talking
neutral	Two humans searching out in the distance from a hill .	Two people pause to overlook the beautiful veiw before restore their hike .
neutral	Two humans looking out in the distance from a hill .	Two people pause to overlook the beautiful veiw avant restore their hike .
neutral	Two humans quest out in the distance from a hill .	Two people pause to overlook the beautiful veiw before resuming their hike .
neutral	A teenaged boy in a hoodie climbs a red slide sitting on a red and green checkered background .	A red slide on the patio is next to a small swing set .
neutral	A miners boy in a hoodie climbs a red slide sitting on a red and green checkered background .	A red slide on the patio is next to a little swing set .
neutral	A adolescent boy in a hoodie climbs a red slide sitting on a red and green checkered background .	A red slide on the patio is next to a little swing set .
neutral	A black male in white shorts and a white male in negro shorts boxing .	One man pounds another as they box .
neutral	A negro men in white shorts and a white man in negro shorts boxing .	One male pounds another as they box .
neutral	A black males in white shorts and a white men in black shorts boxing .	One male pounds another as they box .
neutral	A mens holds two child in his pistols .	A man poses for a photographing with his two grandchildren .
neutral	A men holds two adolescents in his revolver .	A men poses for a picture with his two grandchildren .
neutral	A mens holds two teenager in his weapon .	A masculine poses for a photography with his two grandchildren .
neutral	A males is holding an accordion while leaning against a brown fencing that forgets some water .	An accordion player leans against his fence
neutral	A male is holding an accordion while leaning against a brown fencing that forgets some water .	An accordion player leans against his fence
neutral	A man is holding an accordion while leaning against a brown fencing that ignoring some water .	An accordion player leans against his fence
neutral	Several female in headscarves are standing in a cobbled courtyard .	Several females wearing headscarves stand and talk to each other in a cobbled backyard .
neutral	Several women in headscarves are standing in a cobbled courtyard .	Several females wearing headscarves stand and talk to each other in a cobbled backyard .
neutral	Several females in headscarves are standing in a cobbled courtyard .	Several female wearing headscarves stand and talk to each other in a cobbled courtyard .
neutral	two smaller youth wearing fleece cap and mitten covering their mouths while whispering to each other .	They are whispering roughly their day .
neutral	two teenaged teenage wearing wool cap and mitten covering their mouths while whispering to each other .	They are whispering approximately their day .
neutral	two teen minors wearing wool ceiling and mitten covering their mouths while whispering to each other .	They are whispering roughly their day .
neutral	A male in a negro t-shirt and jeans in standing on the pavement quest at the camera as people walk by .	The masculine is wearing decorator fashions during a photoshoot .
neutral	A masculine in a negro t-shirt and jeans in standing on the pavement quest at the camera as people walk by .	The men is wearing decorator fashions during a photoshoot .
neutral	A men in a black t-shirt and jeans in standing on the sidewalk search at the camera as people walk by .	The men is wearing decorator fashions during a photoshoot .
neutral	A girl wearing black is riding a giant unicycle on the beach .	The beach is cold
neutral	A girl wearing negro is riding a giant unicycle on the beach .	The beach is cold
neutral	A girl wearing black is riding a giant unicycle on the beach .	The beach is cold
neutral	A short-haired males in a dark disguise jacket plays the saxophone on a street corner while people look on in the background .	a mens performs on the street for tips
neutral	A short-haired masculine in a dark camouflage jacket plays the saxophone on a street cornering while people look on in the background .	a males performs on the street for tips
neutral	A short-haired male in a dark camouflage jacket plays the saxophone on a street cornering while people look on in the background .	a man performs on the street for tips
neutral	A enormous males is sitting in front of a fountain statue while conversation on a phone .	The fountain has running water .
neutral	A vast masculine is sitting in front of a fountain statue while talking on a phone .	The fountain has running water .
neutral	A immense masculine is sitting in front of a fountain statue while conversations on a phone .	The fountain has running water .
neutral	Two female are tending to their flock of zoo including cows and goats near a building made mainly of stone .	The female are both farmers
neutral	Two female are tending to their herd of zoo including cows and goats near a building made mostly of stone .	The females are both farmers
neutral	Two females are tending to their herd of animal including cows and goats near a building made predominantly of stone .	The females are both farmers
neutral	A surfer showing off his talent in public using a man-made water machine .	A surfer is in performing at a charity events .
neutral	A surfing showing off his talent in public using a man-made water machine .	A surfer is in performing at a charity event .
neutral	A surfing showing off his talent in public using a man-made water machine .	A surf is in performing at a charity event .
neutral	A Man is eating food next to a minor on a bench .	Man eating his food while sitting with his girls .
neutral	A Man is eating food next to a kid on a bench .	Man eating his food while sitting with his daughter .
neutral	A Man is eating food next to a adolescents on a bench .	Man eating his food while sitting with his daughters .
neutral	A mammoth African American man sitting on a campsite chairs .	The gigantic black men is relaxed in the chairs and wait for a steak
neutral	A massive African American mens sitting on a camping chair .	The gigantic negro man is relaxed in the chairs and waiting for a steak
neutral	A huge African American man sitting on a camping chairs .	The hefty negro males is relaxed in the chairs and wait for a steak
neutral	A groups of Asian male are sitting or standing around a small squares tables .	Some male are having a planning meeting in a room .
neutral	A groups of Asian masculine are sitting or standing around a petite squares table .	Some males are having a planning meeting in a rooms .
neutral	A grouping of Asian masculine are sitting or standing around a petite squares table .	Some male are having a planning meeting in a rooms .
neutral	A lioness closes in on its prey .	the lioness is hungry
neutral	A lioness closes in on its prey .	the lioness is hungry
neutral	A lioness closes in on its prey .	the lioness is hungry
neutral	A juveniles man wearing a white shirt with a character outlined very darkly .	A blonde boy in a white shirt .
neutral	A teenaged man wearing a white shirt with a character outlined very darkly .	A blonde boy in a white shirt .
neutral	A adolescent man wearing a white shirt with a character outlined very darkly .	A blonde boy in a white shirt .
neutral	A mens and a females walk at a flea marketplace .	The deals can be found at flea marketplace .
neutral	A mens and a women walk at a flea market .	The deals can be found at flea marketplace .
neutral	A mens and a women walk at a flea marketplace .	The deals can be found at flea marketplace .
neutral	A masculine and a females walk at a flea markets .	The couple are shopping for deals .
neutral	A man and a woman walk at a flea markets .	The couple are shopping for deals .
neutral	A males and a woman walk at a flea markets .	The couple are shopping for deals .
neutral	A groups of people , including one masculine carry a silver tripod , stand in front of a mammoth building featuring differing columns .	The building is historical .
neutral	A grouping of people , including one male carrying a silver tripod , stand in front of a heavy building featuring several columns .	The building is historical .
neutral	A group of people , including one males carrying a silver tripod , stand in front of a large building featuring multiple columns .	The building is historical .
neutral	Eight tourists stand at a railing searching at an attraction .	The tourists stood at the railing search down at the city
neutral	Eight tourists stand at a railing quest at an attraction .	The tourists stood at the railing search down at the city
neutral	Eight tourists stand at a railing looking at an attraction .	The tourists stood at the railing quest down at the city
neutral	Eight tourists stand at a railing looking at an attraction .	The tourists were on a bus tour
neutral	Eight tourists stand at a railing searches at an attraction .	The tourists were on a bus tour
neutral	Eight tourists stand at a railing searches at an attraction .	The tourists were on a bus tour
neutral	A group walking in the medium of a walkway with a green divider , and a female is walking by herself off to the right .	The group is taking a tour .
neutral	A panels walking in the media of a walkway with a green divider , and a women is walking by herself off to the right .	The panels is taking a tours .
neutral	A group walking in the middle of a walkway with a green divider , and a female is walking by herself off to the rights .	The group is taking a tours .
neutral	Man balding with a mustache and semi beard standing wearing a psychedelic button shirt playing the guitar as he sings .	The masculine loves to play music for people .
neutral	Man balding with a mustache and semi beard standing wearing a psychedelic button shirt playing the guitar as he sings .	The masculine loves to playing music for people .
neutral	Man balding with a mustache and semi beard standing wearing a psychedelic button shirt playing the guitar as he singing .	The mens loves to play music for people .
neutral	Little boy peering into a glass display cases .	A trophy is in the case
neutral	Little boy peering into a glass display case .	A trophy is in the case
neutral	Little boy peering into a glass display cases .	A trophy is in the case
neutral	A man walks into a transportation station and two officers in neon blazers stand guarding .	The guard are watching a suspicious man
neutral	A men walks into a transports station and two officers in neon jerseys stand guards .	The guard are watching a suspicious man
neutral	A male walks into a transported station and two officer in neon blazers stand guarding .	The guards are watching a suspicious man
neutral	Children playing in the sand surrounded by a sand structure with a batch of window like opens .	The teens playing in the sand all know each other .
neutral	Children playing in the sand surrounded by a sand structure with a batch of window like openings .	The miners playing in the sand all know each other .
neutral	Children play in the sand surrounded by a sand structure with a lot of window like open .	The teenager play in the sand all know each other .
neutral	Four small adolescents playing in the backyard of a heavy building made out of mud or sand .	Four teenaged who live in a gigantic building are in the backyard playing .
neutral	Four little kid play in the courtyard of a monumental building made out of mud or sand .	Four teen who live in a huge building are in the courtyard play .
neutral	Four small juvenile playing in the courtyard of a vast building made out of clay or sand .	Four adolescent who live in a hefty building are in the backyard playing .
neutral	A negro and brown dog is jumping on blocks of concrete in the water .	The dog wants to playing .
neutral	A negro and brown dog is jumping on blocks of concrete in the water .	The dog wants to play .
neutral	A black and brown dog is jumping on blocks of concrete in the water .	The dog wants to play .
neutral	A male squatting in a park search at something in the distance .	A mens is watching his sons playing on the swingset .
neutral	A male squatting in a park looking at something in the distance .	A male is watching his sons play on the swingset .
neutral	A masculine squatting in a park searching at something in the distance .	A men is watching his sons playing on the swingset .
neutral	A snowboarder with a maroon coat sails through the airlines .	The snowboarder has never tried this leap before .
neutral	A snowboarder with a maroon coat sails through the midair .	The snowboarder has never tried this jump avant .
neutral	A snowboarder with a maroon coat sails through the airways .	The snowboarder has never tried this leap avant .
neutral	A woman gymnast in black and red being coached on bar ability .	The women gymnast is training for the Olympics .
neutral	A woman gymnast in black and red being coached on bar capabilities .	The woman gymnast is training for the Olympics .
neutral	A woman gymnast in black and red being coached on bar skill .	The female gymnast is training for the Olympics .
neutral	there 's a female in a pink and gray striped outfit standing with five teenaged , three of which are making confronts .	the family is trying to take a family picture
neutral	there 's a woman in a pink and gray striped outfit standing with fifth youth , three of which are making confront .	the families is trying to take a families picture
neutral	there 's a women in a pink and grey striped outfit standing with fifth miners , three of which are making faces .	the families is trying to take a families picture
neutral	An emergency worker directs a man pulling a sled with emergency equipment on a snowy routes .	An emergency worker works at a crash scene .
neutral	An emergency worker directs a males pulling a sled with emergency equipment on a snowy paths .	An emergency worker works at a crash scene .
neutral	An emergency worker directs a men pulling a sled with emergency equipment on a snow routes .	An emergency worker works at a crash scene .
neutral	The kids girl is swinging on a swing , and her hair is flying out behind her .	A daughters is play outdoor on a swing .
neutral	The kids daughter is swinging on a swing , and her hairdo is flying out behind her .	A daughters is playing outer on a swing .
neutral	The adolescent girl is swinging on a swing , and her hairstyle is flying out behind her .	A girls is playing outside on a swing .
neutral	The adolescent daughters is swinging on a swing , and her hair is flying out behind her .	The girl is swinging at the park .
neutral	The adolescence girl is swinging on a swing , and her hairstyle is flying out behind her .	The daughters is swinging at the park .
neutral	The youths girl is swinging on a swing , and her hair is flying out behind her .	The daughter is swinging at the park .
neutral	A masculine clothed in a red shirt and negro tie stands up at a marries reception to make a speeches .	a drunk talks aloud at a wedding
neutral	A male dressed in a red shirt and black tie stands up at a marry reception to make a speeches .	a drunken talks aloud at a wedding
neutral	A male clothed in a red shirt and negro tie stands up at a marries reception to make a speeches .	a drunk talks aloud at a wedding
neutral	A woman in black walks down the street in front of a graffited wall .	A woman walks past a wall of graffiti on her way to the bookshelf .
neutral	A woman in black walks down the street in front of a graffited wall .	A woman walks past a wall of graffiti on her way to the bookshelf .
neutral	A woman in black walks down the street in front of a graffited wall .	A females walks past a wall of graffiti on her manner to the bookcase .
neutral	A male with a half mask over his face is holding a toy chopper in his left hand and a controller in is his right hand .	The helicopters is negro .
neutral	A males with a half mask over his face is holding a toy helicopters in his left hand and a controller in is his right hand .	The helicopter is negro .
neutral	A man with a half mask over his face is holding a toy helicopter in his left hand and a controller in is his rights hand .	The chopper is black .
neutral	A mens in a striped shirt standing behind a overwhelming piling of fruits .	a males takes a photographic of the pile of fruits
neutral	A masculine in a striped shirt standing behind a monumental piling of fruits .	a men takes a photographed of the piling of fruits
neutral	A men in a striped shirt standing behind a immense piling of fruits .	a man takes a photo of the piling of fruits
neutral	A masculine in a striped shirt standing behind a immense pile of fruits .	a masculine stands in front of a small banana pile
neutral	A mens in a striped shirt standing behind a massive pile of fruits .	a masculine stands in front of a little banana pile
neutral	A male in a striped shirt standing behind a jumbo piling of fruits .	a masculine stands in front of a little banana pile
neutral	A females wearing a negro dress and green jumper is walking down the street search at her movable .	A woman is quest at a texts on her cell telephone .
neutral	A women wearing a black dress and green jumper is walking down the street searching at her cellular .	A female is quest at a texts on her cell cellphones .
neutral	A female wearing a black frock and green jumper is walking down the street search at her laptop .	A women is looking at a text on her cell cellphones .
neutral	A individuals attempts to rope a negro cow while riding a equestrian .	The persons is riding a brown horse .
neutral	A persons attempts to rope a negro cow while riding a equestrian .	The individuals is riding a brown horse .
neutral	A individuals attempts to rope a negro cow while riding a equestrian .	The individuals is riding a brown equestrian .
neutral	A group of people watching a boy getting interviewed by a men .	A grouping of people listen meticulously to a boy being interviewed .
neutral	A grouping of people watching a boy getting interviewed by a man .	A grouping of people listen carefully to a boy being interviewed .
neutral	A panels of people watching a boy getting interviewed by a man .	A group of people listen scrupulously to a boy being interviewed .
neutral	A women in a white hijab digging into the ground .	the lady digs into the ground for gold
neutral	A females in a white hijab digging into the ground .	the dame dig into the ground for gold
neutral	A females in a white hijab digs into the ground .	the lady digging into the ground for gold
neutral	A mens interviews a boy in a gathering of people .	A men interviews a minors roughly his view on terrorism and Barney .
neutral	A men interviews a boy in a gathering of people .	A men interviews a smaller about his view on terrorism and Barney .
neutral	A masculine interviews a boy in a gathering of people .	A masculine interviews a teenage about his view on terrorism and Barney .
neutral	A lady holding one dog while another dog is playing in the yard .	The two dogs belonging to the lady .
neutral	A dame holding one dog while another dog is playing in the yard .	The two dogs belong to the lady .
neutral	A lady holding one dog while another dog is playing in the yard .	The two dogs belonging to the lady .
neutral	A youths being watched while getting something out of a tank .	The tank is filled with water .
neutral	A adolescent being watched while getting something out of a tank .	The tank is filled with water .
neutral	A children being watched while getting something out of a tank .	The tank is filled with water .
neutral	A youthful daughter hunting a duck with bread in her hands .	A teens girl chase a duck with bread in her hands , and a brick in the other .
neutral	A miner girl chasing a duck with bread in her hands .	A teenaged daughter pursues a duck with bread in her hands , and a brick in the other .
neutral	A adolescence girl hunts a duck with bread in her hands .	A youthful daughters hunted a duck with bread in her hands , and a brick in the other .
neutral	A young male dressed up with a yellow tie jumps against a wall and one footing is left against the wall to push away .	The teen men jumping against the wall is hispanic .
neutral	A teenager masculine attired up with a yellow tie jumps against a wall and one foot is left against the wall to push away .	The teen mens jumping against the wall is hispanic .
neutral	A underage men dressed up with a yellow tie jumps against a wall and one footing is left against the wall to push away .	The teen mens jumping against the wall is hispanic .
neutral	A juveniles males clothed up with a yellow tie jumps against a wall and one feet is left against the wall to push away .	The smaller males clothed with a yellow tie is dances at a parties .
neutral	A teenaged males clothed up with a yellow tie jumps against a wall and one footing is left against the wall to push away .	The youth mens attired with a yellow tie is dancing at a parties .
neutral	A kids masculine attired up with a yellow tie jumps against a wall and one footing is left against the wall to push away .	The adolescents male dressed with a yellow tie is dances at a parties .
neutral	A boy clocks a female walking amidst different concrete boxes .	A boy admires a female .
neutral	A boy clocks a female walking amidst diverse concrete boxes .	A boy admires a women .
neutral	A boy clocks a women walking amidst various concrete boxes .	A boy admires a females .
neutral	A closeup of an elders males with sunglasses speaking .	The mens is conversation to himself .
neutral	A closeup of an elderly mens with spectacles speaking .	The masculine is conversations to itself .
neutral	A closeup of an age males with spectacles speaking .	The man is conversations to himself .
neutral	An African-American man minors is riding a green cycling while other people are looking at photography on a board .	A boy is riding to the store to get some candy .
neutral	An African-American male smaller is riding a green cycling while other people are searches at images on a board .	A boy is riding to the boutique to get some candy .
neutral	An African-American male teenagers is riding a green cycling while other people are search at photographed on a board .	A boy is riding to the boutique to get some candy .
neutral	A smiling daughter slides down a purple slide foot first .	A daughter happily utilizes the equipment at a playground .
neutral	A smiling girl slides down a purple slide footing first .	A daughter happily uses the equipment at a playground .
neutral	A smiling girl slides down a purple slide foot first .	A girl happily uses the equipment at a playground .
neutral	A skier is heading into a grove of trees .	The masculine , an amateur skier , has tried a ski run that is too tricky and is careening out of control down the hill .
neutral	A skier is header into a grove of tree .	The masculine , an amateur skier , has tried a skis run that is too strenuous and is careening out of controlling down the hill .
neutral	A skier is heading into a grove of tree .	The male , an amateur skier , has tried a skis run that is too difficult and is careening out of control down the hill .
neutral	A golden dog boundary across the snow-covered hill .	A golden zoo confines across the snow-covered plateau .
neutral	A golden dog boundary across the snow-covered hill .	A golden animals border across the snow-covered plateau .
neutral	A golden dog confines across the snow-covered hill .	A golden animals border across the snow-covered plateau .
neutral	A female in a white bridal garb and ruby red shoe , carry a white umbrella , stands atop a platform while handing a guiding to a middle-aged woman passerby .	This female is going to get marry .
neutral	A women in a white bridal attire and ruby red shoe , carry a white umbrella , stands atop a platform while handing a fliers to a middle-aged women passerby .	This females is going to get married .
neutral	A females in a white bridal attire and ruby red footwear , carrying a white umbrella , stands atop a platform while handing a booklets to a middle-aged women passerby .	This women is going to get matrimony .
neutral	A women in a white bridal attire and ruby red shoe , carrying a white umbrella , stands atop a platform while handing a aviators to a middle-aged woman passerby .	The woman is modeling a weddings dress .
neutral	A women in a white bridal garb and ruby red footwear , carrying a white umbrella , stands atop a platform while handing a textbooks to a middle-aged woman passerby .	The woman is modeling a marry dress .
neutral	A women in a white bridal attire and ruby red footwear , carry a white umbrella , stands atop a platform while handing a manual to a middle-aged woman passerby .	The woman is modeling a married frock .
neutral	A male wearing a white shirt and blue jeans as well as a mask over his mouth stokes a fire .	A guy in breeches and shirt wearing a face mask to breathes through fools around with a fire .
neutral	A males wearing a white shirt and blue jeans as well as a mask over his mouth stokes a fire .	A guy in panties and shirt wearing a face mask to breathes through fools around with a fire .
neutral	A males wearing a white shirt and blue jeans as well as a mask over his mouth stokes a fire .	A guy in trousers and shirt wearing a face mask to breathe through fools around with a fire .
neutral	People landscaping and gardening the sphere around the walkway .	People are planting daisies
neutral	People landscaping and gardening the sphere around the walkway .	People are planting daisies
neutral	People landscaping and gardening the zone around the walkway .	People are planting daisies
neutral	two men play basketball .	Two friends are playing a games of Horse in basketball
neutral	two masculine playing basketball .	Two friends are playing a game of Horse in basketball
neutral	two mens playing basketball .	Two friends are play a game of Horse in basketball
neutral	women 's soccer team competing on the field .	The females are won the soccer games .
neutral	woman 's soccer team competing on the field .	The women are wins the soccer game .
neutral	females 's soccer team compete on the field .	The women are win the soccer game .
neutral	Kids playing in the water in the medium of the street .	Kids are laugh and playing .
neutral	Kids play in the water in the mid of the street .	Kids are laugh and play .
neutral	Kids playing in the water in the middle of the street .	Kids are laugh and play .
neutral	A skateboarder with a black and white hat at the top of a jump on a snow day .	A skateboarder is preparing for the newer season .
neutral	A skateboarder with a negro and white hat at the top of a jump on a snow day .	A skateboarder is preparing for the new season .
neutral	A skateboarder with a black and white hat at the top of a jump on a snowy day .	A skateboarder is preparing for the newest season .
neutral	A females wearing a purple with negro polka-dot hoodie is resting on a bench in the sunlight .	A woman takes a much needed nap
neutral	A women wearing a purple with negro polka-dot hoodie is resting on a bench in the sunshine .	A women takes a much necessary nap
neutral	A female wearing a purple with negro polka-dot hoodie is rest on a bench in the sunshine .	A female takes a much necessary nap
neutral	a men walks on the frigid sidewalk .	The male almost slipped earlier .
neutral	a men walks on the colder pavement .	The masculine nearly slipped previous .
neutral	a men walks on the colder pavement .	The male nearly slipped former .
neutral	A groups of people wait to cross the street in newest york	Some of the people are wearing goggles .
neutral	A groups of people wait to crossing the street in novel york	Some of the people are wearing eyeglasses .
neutral	A group of people waiting to crossed the street in newest york	Some of the people are wearing glasses .
neutral	Two boys , surrounded by paper pieces , hold a third boys shirt to prevent him from grabbing a satchel .	The friends are play with paper and bag .
neutral	Two boys , surrounded by paper pieces , hold a thirds boys shirt to prevent him from grabbing a bags .	The friends are play with paper and rucksack .
neutral	Two boys , surrounded by paper pieces , hold a third boys shirt to preventing him from grabbing a handbag .	The friends are play with paper and wallets .
neutral	A bearded masculine sits near a white van .	A mens waiting for someone near a white van .
neutral	A bearded masculine sits near a white van .	A man waiting for someone near a white van .
neutral	A bearded men sits near a white van .	A males wait for someone near a white van .
neutral	The football player prepares to kick the ball .	The football player wearing the red jersey with number 87 on it is roughly to kick the football for the kickoff .
neutral	The football player prepares to kick the ball .	The football player wearing the red jersey with number 87 on it is about to kick the football for the kickoff .
neutral	The football player prepares to kick the ball .	The football player wearing the red jersey with number 87 on it is approximately to kick the football for the kickoff .
neutral	A males wearing a negro hat and coat makes a face with a crowd behind him .	A mime is performing for a groups in the park .
neutral	A males wearing a negro hat and coat makes a face with a crowd behind him .	A mime is performing for a panels in the park .
neutral	A males wearing a black hat and coat makes a face with a crowd behind him .	A mime is performing for a panels in the park .
neutral	A men in red shows is billiard with a red ball at a bowling lane with Tecate announcements .	The masculine has rent shoes on .
neutral	A male in red shows is snooker with a red ball at a bowling lanes with Tecate ad .	The male has renting footwear on .
neutral	A masculine in red shows is bowling with a red ball at a billiard lane with Tecate ads .	The masculine has rental footwear on .
neutral	A little daughters standing in the media of a street cleared for an oncoming parade .	A petite daughter is in the parade for the marching band .
neutral	A small daughter standing in the media of a street cleared for an oncoming parade .	A small daughters is in the parade for the marching band .
neutral	A small girl standing in the medium of a street cleared for an oncoming parade .	A petite girl is in the parade for the marching bands .
neutral	A masculine in a dark jacket stands next to a men dressed in brown reaching down into a sac .	The man is brown is getting his wallet to wage the male in the jacket .
neutral	A mens in a dark jacket stands next to a mens attired in brown reaching down into a knapsack .	The men is brown is getting his wallet to wages the males in the jacket .
neutral	A masculine in a dark jacket stands next to a mens attired in brown reaching down into a bags .	The man is brown is getting his pocketbook to salary the male in the jacket .
neutral	Girl wearing white shirt sung on stages while playing guitar	A daughters plays guitar and sings for a crowd .
neutral	Girl wearing white shirt singing on stages while playing guitar	A daughters plays guitar and singing for a crowd .
neutral	Girl wearing white shirt sing on stage while playing guitar	A girl plays guitar and sing for a crowd .
neutral	A masculine stands by two face structures on Easter Island .	A tourist has his images taken on Easter Island .
neutral	A man stands by two face structures on Easter Island .	A tourist has his photographer taken on Easter Island .
neutral	A masculine stands by two face structures on Easter Island .	A sightseeing has his photographs taken on Easter Island .
neutral	A males is smiling at a women in a white frock .	The man knows the woman .
neutral	A males is smiling at a female in a white frock .	The masculine knows the women .
neutral	A males is smiling at a females in a white attire .	The masculine knows the women .
neutral	A masculine is smiling at a woman in a white garb .	The men is friendly .
neutral	A males is smiling at a females in a white frock .	The man is friendly .
neutral	A males is smiling at a woman in a white garb .	The mens is friendly .
neutral	An needy individuals , wearing a torn brown shirt and no shoes , is kneeling down along the banks of a rubbish infested bodies of water .	A homeless males wearing torn sportswear is looking for food among the trash in the river .
neutral	An impoverished persons , wearing a torn brown shirt and no shoes , is kneeling down along the banks of a trash infested agency of water .	A homeless mens wearing torn clothing is looking for food among the rubbish in the river .
neutral	An destitute individuals , wearing a torn brown shirt and no shoe , is kneeling down along the banks of a rubbish infested agency of water .	A homeless mens wearing torn clothes is searches for food among the trash in the river .
neutral	The old female smiles as she holds up a hammer .	A women is using a hammer to make something .
neutral	The old females smiles as she holds up a hammer .	A woman is using a hammer to make something .
neutral	The senior female smiles as she holds up a hammer .	A females is using a hammer to make something .
neutral	a mens in a red shirt is laying on the grass reaching out to another persons .	The men is reaching for his wife .
neutral	a mens in a red shirt is laying on the grass reaching out to another persons .	The mens is reaching for his wife .
neutral	a mens in a red shirt is laying on the grass reaching out to another individuals .	The men is reaching for his wife .
neutral	A woman poses with goggles shaped like dollar signs and a silver baggage tagged `` LUCKY '' full of bill .	A women who just wins the lottery at the casino poses for a image .
neutral	A female poses with glasses shaped like dollar signs and a silver suitcase labeling `` LUCKY '' full of bill .	A female who just wins the bingo at the casino poses for a photographing .
neutral	A females poses with eyeglasses shaped like dollar signs and a silver baggage tagging `` LUCKY '' full of bill .	A females who just win the bingo at the casino poses for a images .
neutral	A female with a red scarf , white shirt , and tan shorts is giving a shushing sign to the camera in front of shelves of books .	the woman is white
neutral	A woman with a red scarf , white shirt , and tan shorts is giving a shushing sign to the camera in front of shelves of ledger .	the women is white
neutral	A females with a red scarf , white shirt , and tan shorts is giving a shushing sign to the camera in front of shelves of books .	the female is white
neutral	A female in a black coat eats dinner while her dog looks on .	A female is enjoying a meal before bed
neutral	A females in a black coat eats dinner while her dog looks on .	A females is enjoying a meal avant bed
neutral	A women in a negro coat eats dinner while her dog looks on .	A women is enjoying a meal prior bed
neutral	Three teen in a forests standing on a tree log .	Children enjoying nature .
neutral	Three teen in a forestry standing on a tree registration .	Children enjoying nature .
neutral	Three youth in a woodland standing on a trees logging .	Children enjoying nature .
neutral	Three youngsters in a woodland standing on a trees tape .	Children crossed stream in forestry .
neutral	Three kids in a forest standing on a trees tape .	Children cross stream in forest .
neutral	Three kid in a forest standing on a tree registering .	Children crossing stream in forests .
neutral	A mens with sunglasses sitting at a restaurant staring at something that is not shown .	a men at a restaurant waiting for his wife
neutral	A masculine with sunglasses sitting at a restaurant staring at something that is not shown .	a men at a restaurant wait for his wife
neutral	A masculine with eyeglasses sitting at a restaurant staring at something that is not shown .	a mens at a restaurant waiting for his wife
neutral	Cheerleaders in blue performing on a football field underneath a yellow football target post .	A panel of daughter shake pom poms .
neutral	Cheerleaders in blue performing on a football field underneath a yellow football purpose post .	A groups of girl shake pom poms .
neutral	Cheerleaders in blue performing on a football field underneath a yellow football aims post .	A group of girl shake pom poms .
neutral	A mens sits write at a tables set up on a pavement .	The males is searching to sells things .
neutral	A men sits writing at a table set up on a pavement .	The mens is looking to sale things .
neutral	A males sits write at a tables set up on a pavement .	The mens is quest to sold things .
neutral	A grouping of people look to the side and a boy began to run .	The boy was caught stolen .
neutral	A group of people look to the side and a boy initiated to run .	The boy was caught robbery .
neutral	A panel of people look to the side and a boy initiation to run .	The boy was caught steal .
neutral	A male and a females embracing on the pavement .	A women and a men block the whole pavement .
neutral	A mens and a women embracing on the pavement .	A females and a man block the whole pavement .
neutral	A man and a women embracing on the sidewalk .	A woman and a mens block the whole pavement .
neutral	A daughters in a blue leotard hula hoops on a stage with balloon shapes in the background .	A girl is on stage entertaining the crowd with her hula hoop dance
neutral	A daughters in a blue leotard hula hoops on a stages with balloon shapes in the background .	A daughter is on stage entertaining the crowd with her hula hoop dance
neutral	A girls in a blue leotard hula hoops on a stages with balloon shapes in the background .	A daughter is on stages entertaining the crowd with her hula hoop dance
neutral	Three woman are smiling and making cupcakes .	Three women make cupcakes for a bake selling .
neutral	Three woman are smiling and making cupcakes .	Three woman make cupcakes for a bake sold .
neutral	Three woman are smiling and making cupcakes .	Three women make cupcakes for a bake sells .
neutral	A man in an army uniform speaks into a microphone .	A colonel speaks into the mics .
neutral	A mens in an army uniform speaks into a microphone .	A colonel speaks into the mics .
neutral	A men in an army standardized speaks into a microphone .	A colonel speaks into the mics .
neutral	Workers are scattered among the scaffolding on an elder building .	Some window washers are preparing to initiate work .
neutral	Workers are scattered among the scaffolding on an outdated building .	Some window washers are preparing to embark work .
neutral	Workers are scattered among the scaffolding on an elderly building .	Some window washers are preparing to commenced work .
neutral	A couple sits in the grass .	A couple is having a picnic .
neutral	A couple sits in the grass .	A couple is having a picnic .
neutral	A couple sits in the grass .	A couple is having a picnic .
neutral	A women is petting a dog exterior .	A women is rewarding a dog for bringing back a thrown stick .
neutral	A women is petting a dog exterior .	A woman is rewarding a dog for bringing back a thrown stick .
neutral	A females is petting a dog outdoor .	A women is rewarding a dog for bringing back a thrown stick .
neutral	Two males in kicks gear using combat sticks .	two karate male sparring with sticks for a competition
neutral	Two males in kicks gear using fighting sticks .	two kicks males sparring with sticks for a competition
neutral	Two masculine in kicks gear using fight sticks .	two karate males sparring with sticks for a competition
neutral	A adolescence men in a grey shirt hovers over his beer bottle and Guinness glass pulling green things out of his beard .	The mens in the grey t-shirt pulls small green males out of beard ; too much drinking , I guess .
neutral	A children male in a gray shirt hovers over his beer bottle and Guinness glass pulling green things out of his beard .	The men in the gray t-shirt pulls little green males out of beard ; too much drinking , I guess .
neutral	A youth male in a gray shirt hover over his beer bottle and Guinness glass pulling green things out of his beard .	The mens in the grey t-shirt pulls little green men out of beard ; too much drinking , I guess .
neutral	A minor man in a grey shirt hovers over his beer bottle and Guinness glass pulling green things out of his beard .	The gentlemen in the t-shirt really should n't drank so much beer , as now he has petite green pieces of something in his beard .
neutral	A miners masculine in a grey shirt hovers over his beer bottle and Guinness glass pulling green things out of his beard .	The gentleman in the t-shirt really should n't drank so much beer , as now he has little green pieces of something in his beard .
neutral	A adolescents mens in a gray shirt hover over his beer bottle and Guinness glass pulling green things out of his beard .	The gentleman in the t-shirt truly should n't drink so much beer , as now he has little green pieces of something in his beard .
neutral	Four dark-skinned boys are play soccer .	The boy is wearing shin guarding .
neutral	Four dark-skinned boys are playing soccer .	The boy is wearing shin guards .
neutral	Four dark-skinned boys are playing soccer .	The boy is wearing shin guard .
neutral	A white duck is spreading its wings while sitting on the water .	The duck spread its wings to fly when it heard a gunshot .
neutral	A white duck is spread its wings while sitting on the water .	The duck spreading its wings to fly when it heard a gunshot .
neutral	A white duck is spread its wings while sitting on the water .	The duck spread its wings to flies when it heard a gunshot .
neutral	A petite boy is getting is birthday cake and is blowing out the candles .	A teen at a party .
neutral	A small boy is getting is birthday cake and is blowing out the candles .	A minors at a party .
neutral	A petite boy is getting is birthday cake and is blowing out the candles .	A kid at a party .
neutral	A petite boy is getting is birthday cake and is blowing out the candles .	Making a wish .
neutral	A petite boy is getting is birthday cake and is blowing out the candles .	Making a wish .
neutral	A petite boy is getting is birthday cake and is blowing out the candles .	Making a wish .
neutral	Man on motorcycles with females standing on rear of back with pistol around his neck .	The two people are romantically involved .
neutral	Man on motorcycles with female standing on rear of back with shotgun around his neck .	The two people are romantically involved .
neutral	Man on cyclist with women standing on rear of back with handgun around his neck .	The two people are romantically involved .
neutral	A female in a teal apron prepares a meal at a restaurant .	A females prepare a lunch in restaurant
neutral	A woman in a teal apron prepares a meal at a restaurant .	A women prepare a lunch in restaurant
neutral	A females in a teal apron prepares a meal at a restaurant .	A female prepare a lunch in restaurant
neutral	Two males in orange uniformed stand before a train and do some work .	Tall humans working .
neutral	Two mens in orange uniforms stand avant a train and do some work .	Tall humans working .
neutral	Two male in orange standardized stand before a train and do some work .	Tall humans working .
neutral	A girls play a violin along with a groups of people	A panels of people are playing in a symphony .
neutral	A daughters playing a violin along with a group of people	A grouping of people are playing in a philharmonic .
neutral	A girls playing a violin along with a group of people	A grouping of people are play in a symphony .
neutral	A ancient men in a hat is play a accordion on the street while sitting in a chair .	A busker is wearing a hat .
neutral	A archaic masculine in a hat is play a accordion on the street while sitting in a chairs .	A busker is wearing a hat .
neutral	A archaic masculine in a hat is playing a accordion on the street while sitting in a chair .	A busker is wearing a hat .
neutral	Family members standing outboard a home .	They own the home .
neutral	Family members standing outer a home .	They owned the home .
neutral	Family member standing outdoor a home .	They own the home .
neutral	Two gondola operators sit along a pathway in Italy .	The gondola operators are taking a work break .
neutral	Two gondola operators sit along a paths in Italy .	The gondola operators are taking a work break .
neutral	Two gondola operators sit along a pathway in Italy .	The gondola operators are taking a work break .
neutral	Two gondola operators sit along a road in Italy .	The gondola operators are in standardized .
neutral	Two gondola operators sit along a routes in Italy .	The gondola operators are in uniform .
neutral	Two gondola operators sit along a pathway in Italy .	The gondola operators are in standardized .
neutral	Men in harsh hats work along a wall .	Guys are working near a wall and it initiated raining .
neutral	Men in arduous hats work along a wall .	Guys are working near a wall and it initiation raining .
neutral	Men in stiff hats work along a wall .	Guys are working near a wall and it begun raining .
neutral	A boy drags his sled through the snow .	a boy drags a sled up the hill
neutral	A boy drags his sled through the snow .	a boy drags a sled up the hill
neutral	A boy drags his sled through the snow .	a boy drags a sled up the hill
neutral	A man wearing sunglasses and a ragged costume is playing a Jaguar electric guitar and sung with the accompaniment of a drummer .	Two male are playing on a street corner .
neutral	A male wearing glasses and a ragged costume is play a Jaguar electricity guitar and singing with the accompaniment of a drummer .	Two men are playing on a street cornering .
neutral	A male wearing goggles and a ragged costume is play a Jaguar electricity guitar and sings with the accompaniment of a drummer .	Two men are playing on a street nook .
neutral	A woman dancer wearing all white dancing while a photographed wearing all white takes her photographer .	A daughters is dances and anothe men take a photo
neutral	A women dancer wearing all white dances while a images wearing all white takes her photographed .	A girls is dancing and anothe man take a photo
neutral	A women dancer wearing all white dance while a photograph wearing all white takes her photography .	A daughters is dances and anothe masculine take a photo
neutral	Two women are observing something together .	Two woman are searching at a flowering together .
neutral	Two female are observing something together .	Two woman are search at a flowers together .
neutral	Two females are observing something together .	Two female are looking at a flower together .
neutral	A masculine in a black leather jacket and a book in his hand speaks in a classroom .	A mens is teaching scientific in a classroom .
neutral	A mens in a negro leather jacket and a book in his hand speaks in a classroom .	A men is teaching sciences in a classroom .
neutral	A mens in a black leather jacket and a book in his hand speaks in a classroom .	A males is teaching sciences in a classroom .
neutral	Two man working on farm equipment that is being pulled by two horses .	The horses are both brown .
neutral	Two men working on farm equipment that is being pulled by two horses .	The horses are both brown .
neutral	Two man working on farm equipment that is being pulled by two horses .	The horses are both brown .
neutral	A woman within an orchestra is play a violin .	A women is play a concert .
neutral	A females within an orchestra is play a violin .	A women is playing a concert .
neutral	A female within an orchestra is play a violin .	A female is playing a concert .
neutral	A Skier ski-jumping while two other skiers watch his act .	A skier teaching others a trick
neutral	A Skier ski-jumping while two other skiers watch his act .	A skier teaching others a trick
neutral	A Skier ski-jumping while two other skiers watch his act .	A skier teaching others a trick
neutral	A dog runs .	The dog is running outside
neutral	A dog runs .	The dog is running outside
neutral	A dog runs .	The dog is running outside
